===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the AMD First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you Matt Ramsey, Vice President. Financial Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Matt Ramsey: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's 2025 first quarter financial results conference call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and accompanying slides. If you have not had the chance to review these materials, they can be found on the Investor Relations portion of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations is available in today's press release and slides posted on our website. Participants in today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Mark Papermaster, our Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer will attend the TD Cowen TMT Conference on Wednesday, May 28. And Jean Hu will attend the Bank of America Global Technology Conference on Tuesday, June 3rd. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on our current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. You’ll also find detailed discussion of our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and particular AMD’s most recently quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. And with that, I’d like to hand the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thank you, Matt, and good afternoon to all those listening today. We delivered an outstanding start to the year, despite the evolving dynamics related to tariffs and the regulatory environment. Growth accelerated for the fourth consecutive quarter year-over-year, driven by strength in our core businesses and expanding data center and AI momentum. Revenue and EPS both exceeded consensus estimates as Instinct AI Accelerator, Epic, and Ryzen CPU sales grew significantly year-over-year. As a result, first quarter revenue increased 36% year-over-year to $7.4 billion, as our data center and client and gaming segments both grew by a large double-digit percentage. We expanded gross margin year-over-year for the fifth straight quarter and increased net income by 55%, driven by a higher overall percentage of data center product sales and a richer Ryzen processor mix. Despite the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop, our first quarter performance highlights the strength of our differentiated product portfolio and execution, and positions us well for strong growth in 2025. Turning to the segments, data center segment revenue increased 57% year-over-year to $3.7 billion. We gained server CPU share driven by the ramp of our latest fifth-gen EPYC Turin processors and sustained demand for fourth-gen EPYC. Hyperscaler demand remained strong as cloud providers expanded EPYC deployments to power their critical infrastructure and public services. More than 30 new instances launched from Alibaba, AWS, Google, Oracle, Tencent, and others in the quarter, including the initial wave of fifth-gen EPYC Turin instances. In addition, AWS launched new FPGA accelerated instances in the quarter, powered by EPYC processors with Xilinx Virtex FPGAs that are optimized for data and compute intensive workloads like genomics, multimedia processing, network security, and cloud-based video broadcasting. Every major cloud provider is deep in development on Turin programs, with a steady stream of public instances and internal deployments expected to ramp into production over the coming quarters. Enterprise adoption of EPYC instances was very strong in the quarter. The number of EPYC-powered cloud instances activated by Forbes 2000 enterprise customers more than doubled year-over-year, including new wins with internet-native streaming, transportation, financial services, and social media companies. For example, CrowdStrike achieved major performance and cost improvements by broadly deploying EPYC instances across its multi-cloud infrastructure. At the same time, we're also actively partnering with leading application and cloud providers to deploy EPYC-optimized solutions tailored for specialized industry verticals. Siemens launched their latest software-defined vehicle solution, powered by EPYC CPUs and Radeon Pro GPUs on Azure, leveraging digital twin technology to significantly speed up automotive design and validation. Oracle launched a new version of its Exadata database platform, which is used by more than half of the Fortune Global 100. The latest Exadata X11m has been optimized for fifth-gen EPYC processors to deliver up to 25% faster performance in transaction processing and analytics compared to the prior generation. Turning to enterprise on-prem adoption, EPYC CPU sales grew by a large double-digit percentage year-over-year for the seventh straight quarter, driven by new public sector wins and high-volume deployments with large automotive, semiconductor, financial services, retail, energy, and technology companies. We have built significant enterprise momentum over the last few years as our partners expanded the number of EPYC-based platforms to more than 450, and we scaled our joint go-to-market programs. As a result, EPYC is now deployed by all of the top 10 telecom, aerospace, and semiconductor companies, 9 out of the top 10 automotive, 7 out of the top 10 manufacturing, and 6 out of the top 10 energy companies on the Forbes 2000. We expect enterprise adoption to accelerate over the coming quarters as more than 150 Turin platforms become broadly available from Dell, Cisco, HPE, Lenovo, Supermicro, and others. Looking forward, we see a clear path to continued share gains as customers ramp their fifth-gen EPYC offerings that deliver unmatched performance, efficiency, and TCO across every major cloud and enterprise data center workload. We passed key milestones in April to begin manufacturing fifth-gen EPYC at TSMC's new Arizona fab, with first production shipments expected in the second half of 2025. Longer term, we announced our next-gen EPYC Venice processors are the lead HPC products for TSMC's 2-nanometer process node. Venice silicon is in our labs and performing well, with bring-up and validation progressing to plan to support a 2026 launch. Turning to our data center AI business, revenue increased by a significant double-digit percentage year-over-year, as MI325X shipments ramp to support new enterprise and cloud deployments. More than 35 MI300 series platforms are in production from all the leading service providers, supporting the expanding number of Instinct GPU deployments with cloud, enterprise, and AI customers. Several hyperscalers expanded their use of Instinct accelerators to cover an increasing range of generative AI search, ranking, and recommendation use cases. We also added multiple tier one cloud and enterprise customers in the quarter, including one of the largest frontier model developers that is now using Instinct GPUs to serve a significant portion of their daily inference traffic. The depth and breadth of our customer engagements continues to expand as breakthroughs in large-scale AI models, like OpenAI's o3 and DeepSeek-R1, drive increased demand for traditional inferencing and increasingly as a critical part of pre-training. The industry-leading memory capacity and bandwidth of our Instinct portfolio is ideally suited for these workloads, and we are actively working with multiple customers to scale Instinct from single-node deployments to distributed inferencing clusters. Training engagements also ramped in the quarter as multiple tier one hyperscale, AI, and enterprise customers scaled Instinct GPU clusters to train internal and next-gen frontier models. In parallel, we're making meaningful progress with Sovereign AI deployments as countries expand investments to establish domestic, nation-scale AI infrastructure. In February, we announced a strategic partnership with G42 to build one of France's most powerful AI compute facilities powered by Instinct accelerators. On the AI software front, we significantly accelerated our release cadence in the first quarter, shifting from quarterly ROCm updates to delivering ready-to-deploy training and inferencing containers on a bi-weekly basis that include performance optimizations and support for the latest libraries, kernels, and algorithms. We expanded our open-source community enablement in the quarter, making significantly more Instinct compute infrastructure available to enable developers to automatically build, test, and deploy updates to ROCm code nightly. As a result, more than two million models on Hugging Face now run out-of-the-box on AMD. We're also enabling an increasing number of models to launch with day zero support for Instinct accelerators, including Meta's LLAMA 4, Google's GEMMA 3, and DeepSeek-R1 models that were released in the first quarter. Beyond launch, we are delivering regular software updates that increase performance for new models. For example, in the weeks following the launch of DeepSeek-R1 model, we introduced ROCm optimizations that enabled MI300 to deliver leadership inferencing throughput. We released ROCm 6.4 in the quarter with major upgrades that increased training and inferencing performance across popular AI frameworks like PyTorch, JAX, and vLLM. The release also adds multiple ease-of-use features, including new cluster management tools that simplify the scaling and optimization of large-scale Instinct deployments. Turning to our AI solutions capabilities, earlier this quarter, we completed our acquisition of ZT Systems, adding world-class systems design expertise to complement our silicon and software leadership. With ZT, we can provide ready-to-deploy RAC-level AI solutions based on industry standards built with AMD CPUs, GPUs, and networking, reducing deployment time for hyperscalers, and accelerating time-to-market for OEM and ODM partners. The team is fully engaged in already co-designing with key customers on RAC-level designs optimized for our upcoming MI400 series and working with customers and OEM partners to accelerate time-to-market for our MI350 series. We have received significant interest in ZT's manufacturing business and expect to announce a strategic partner shortly. We began sampling our next-gen MI350 series with multiple customers in the first quarter and remain on track to begin accelerated production by mid-year. MI350 series performance is very strong based on the advances in our CDNA 4 Architecture. We designed CDNA 4 to deliver leadership performance across a wide range of AI workloads, increasing memory capacity and bandwidth 1.5x, adding support for new data types, and improving network efficiency to deliver 35x higher throughput and performance compared to MI300X. Customer interest in the MI350 series is very strong, setting the stage for broad deployment in the second half of this year. As one example, we are partnering with Oracle to deploy a large-scale cluster powered by MI355X accelerators, fifth-gen EPYC Turin processors, and Polara 400 AI NIC. This multi-billion-dollar initiative highlights the expanding AMD and OCI partnership and a growing demand for AMD Instinct to power the next wave of large-scale AI infrastructure. Looking ahead, our MI400 series development remains on track to launch next year. The MI400 series is designed to deliver leadership performance for both inferencing and training, scaling seamlessly from single servers to full data center deployments. Early customer feedback has been very positive, marking a major step forward in our Instinct roadmap and significantly expanding our AI Accelerator TAM as customers plan broader Instinct deployments to power a larger share of their AI infrastructure. I'm looking forward to sharing more details on the MI350 series, future MI400 RAC scale solutions and the growing customer adoption of our Instinct platforms at our advancing AI event on June 12th. Turning to our client and gaming segment, segment revenue increased 28% year-over-year to $2.9 billion. Client revenue grew 68% year-over-year marking our fifth consecutive quarter of revenue share gains. We delivered record client CPU ASP driven by a richer mix of high-end desktop and mobile Ryzen processors. Desktop channel sellout increased by more than 50% year-over-year. We set new sellout records in multiple regions as our latest generation Ryzen processors became the CPU of choice for gamers, topping bestseller lists at leading global retailers. To build on this momentum, we extended our desktop CPU portfolio with the launch of our 16-core Ryzen 9 9950 X3D processor that delivers significantly higher gaming and productivity performance than the competition. In mobile, AMD-based notebook sell-through was very strong in the quarter. We also saw strong demand for our latest generation AI PC processors as sales ramped, increasing by more than 50% quarter-on-quarter. The first notebooks powered by our new high-end Ryzen AI Max Plus and the first mainstream Ryzen AI 7 and 5 300 series processors launched to very positive reviews. These new processors set the standard for traditional computing and graphics performance while also delivering unmatched AI capabilities and battery life, positioning Ryzen as a CPU of choice for gaming, ultra-thin, and commercial notebooks. Demand for AMD-based commercial PCs was also very strong in the quarter. Ryzen Pro PC sell-through grew more than 30% year-over-year, driven by new end-customer wins and an 80% increase from 2024 in the number of AMD-powered commercial systems from HP, Lenovo, Dell, and Asus. We closed multiple wins with large auto, energy, healthcare, financial services, and telecom companies in the quarter. Looking more broadly across the PC market, we remain confident we can grow client processor revenue well ahead of the market in 2025, led by expanding adoption of our desktop channel and consumer and commercial notebook portfolio, as well as a richer mix. Turning to our gaming business results, gaming revenue decreased 30% year-over-year, as higher Radeon graphics sales were more than offset by lower semi-custom sales. While our semi-custom SoC sales declined year-over-year, console channel inventories have normalized, and demand signals have strengthened for 2025. For PC gaming, we launched our Radeon 9070 series to strong demand, as our new RDNA 4 Architecture delivers leadership performance for mainstream gamers. First week sellout set a record, and was more than 10x higher than our previous best Radeon launch. Demand remains very strong, and we are working closely with our board partners to replenish inventory weekly and meet the sustained demand. We also introduced FSR 4, our first machine learning-based rendering technology that delivers significantly higher frame rates and more immersive gaming experiences. FSR 4 is already enabled in over 30 games, with support expected to reach 75 titles by yearend. Turning to our embedded segment, first quarter revenue decreased 3% year-over-year to $823 million. Embedded demand continues to recover gradually. We expect improving demand in the test and measurement, communications, and aerospace markets will drive a return to growth in the second half of 2025. We completed initial shipments of our cost-optimized Spartan UltraScale Plus FPGAs, and second-generation Versal AI Edge SoCs to meet growing demand for AI at the Edge. As a part of continuing to grow our embedded x86 business, we launched our EPYC-embedded 9005 series CPUs that deliver leadership performance for networking, storage, and industrial edge applications. Cisco selected our new EPYC-embedded processors for their latest high-end firewall solutions, and IBM is using them to power its latest storage-scale System 6000 for performance-intensive enterprise analytics and AI workloads. We also released our latest Vitis AI software suite, expanding support for the latest models, and accelerating edge AI deployment across a broader range of applications, further strengthening our leadership in the rapidly emerging edge AI market. In summary, our strong first quarter results and second quarter outlook reflect the momentum we are building across our business. While we face some headwinds from the dynamic macro and regulatory environments, including the recently announced export controls for Instinct MI308X shipments to China, we believe they are more than offset by the powerful tailwinds from our leadership product portfolio. Against this backdrop, we remain confident we can deliver strong double-digit-percentage revenue growth in 2025 based on accelerating share gains with our latest generation of Zen 5 EPYC and Ryzen CPUs and Radeon GPUs, and ramping production of our Instinct MI350 series accelerators in the second half of the year to support an expanded set of customers and AI workloads. We also expect full year growth in our semi-custom business, and for our embedded business to return to year-over-year growth in the second half of the year, driven by the reduced inventory levels and improving demand environment. To capitalize on our unprecedented growth opportunities and deliver our next major growth arc, we are expanding investments in our product and technology roadmaps, go-to-market initiatives, and full-stack AI software and data center scale solutions capabilities. We're also doubling down on our execution to deliver, and where possible, accelerate our industry-leading roadmaps. We view the current environment as a strategic opportunity to further differentiate AMD as we deliver an expanding product portfolio that combine leadership compute and AI capabilities for data centers, Edge, PCs, and embedded end devices. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide some additional color on our first quarter results. Jean?
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results and then provide our current outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2025. As a reminder, for comparative purposes, our first quarter fiscal year 2025 financial statement disclosures include the combination of our client and the gaming businesses into a single reportable segment to align with how we manage the business. We continue to provide distinct revenue disclosures for our data center, client, gaming, and embedded businesses. We are pleased with our record first quarter revenue of $7.4 billion, exceeding the high end of our guidance, up 36% year-over-year, driven by 57% revenue growth in the data center segment and a 28% revenue growth in the client and the gaming segment. Revenue declined 3% sequentially due to lower revenue in the embedded and data center segments, partially offset by sequential growth in the client and the gaming segment. Gross margin was 54%, up 140 basis points from a year ago. Operating expenses were $2.2 billion, an increase of 28% year-over-year, as we continue to invest aggressively in go-to-market activities and in R&D to address the significant growth opportunities ahead of us. Operating income was $1.8 billion, representing a 24% operating margin. Taxes, increased expenses, and other was $213 million. For the first quarter of 2025, diluted earnings per share was $0.96, an increase of 55% year-over-year. Now turning to our reportable segments, starting with the data center. Data center segment revenue was $3.7 billion, up 57% year-over-year, primarily driven by continued CPU server share gains across both the cloud and enterprise customers, and a strong growth of AMD Instinct GPUs. On a sequential basis, data center segment revenue decreased 5%. Data center segment operating income was $932 million, or 25% of revenue, compared to $541 million, or 23% a year ago. Client and gaming segment revenue was $2.9 billion, up 28% year-over-year, driven primarily by strong customer demand for our latest generation Zen5 AMD Ryzen processors, partially offset by lower semi-customer revenue. Client revenue was $2.3 billion, up 68% year-over-year. More than half of the growth was driven by higher ASPs from a richer mix of high-end Ryzen processors. On a sequential basis, client and gaming segment revenue increased by 2%, primarily driven by stronger than seasonal performance of our client product portfolio, and increased to semi-customer product revenue. Client and gaming segment operating income was $496 million, or 17% of revenue, compared to $237 million, or 10% of year-ago, driven by operating leverage on higher revenue. Embedded segment revenue was $823 million, down 3% year-over-year. Embedded demand continues to recover gradually. Sequentially, embedded was down 11%, consistently without expectations. Embedded segment operating income was $328 million, or 40% of revenue, compared to $342 million, or 41% a year-ago. Turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $939 million in cash from operations, and our free cash flow for the quarter was $727 million. We returned $749 million to shareholders through the repurchase of common stock and our repurchase program. We have $4 billion remaining in our share repurchase authorization. At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment was $7.3 billion. Within the quarter, we raised $1.5 billion of debt and issued $950 million of commercial paper to help fund our acquisition of ZT Systems, which was completed on March 31st. Now turn to our second quarter 2025 outlook. As a reminder, in April, a new export license requirement was put in place for MI308 shipments to China, the impact of which is included in our guidance. We expect revenue to be approximately $7.4 billion, plus or minus $300 million. This includes an estimated $700 million revenue reduction as a result of the new export license requirement. Despite this headwind, the middle point of our guidance represents 27% year-over-year revenue growth. For the full year 2025, we estimated the revenue impact due to the export license requirement to be approximately $1.5 billion. Sequentially, we expect client and gaming segment revenue to increase by a double-digit percentage, embed segment revenue to be flattish, and we expect data center segment revenue to decrease due to the exclusion of MI308 revenue. In addition, we expect second quarter non-GAAP gross margin is estimated to be 43%, inclusive of approximately $800 million in charges for inventory and related reserves. Excluding this charge, our non-GAAP gross margin would be approximately 54%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $2.3 billion, which includes approximately $50 million in OpEx due to the addition of the ZT System design key. The financials for the ZT manufacturing business will be reported as discontinued operations starting in the second quarter. We expect net interest and other expenses to be $5 million due to the debt associated with the ZT System transaction. Non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13%, and the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.64 billion shares, which includes 9 million shares related to the ZT transaction. Looking forward, despite ongoing macro and trade policy related uncertainties, we believe the investment we are making will position us well to address the large growth opportunities ahead as AI expands the use of high-performance computing across all our end markets. In closing, 2025 is off to a strong start as we continue to execute on key strategic and financial goals. We delivered strong top line revenue growth, expanded gross and operating margins, and closed the key acquisition of ZT Systems to expand and accelerate our data center GPU and systems roadmaps. With that, I'll turn it back to Matt for the Q&A session.
Matt Ramsey : Thank you very much, Jean. John, can you go ahead and pull the callers for the Q&A session, please? Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen.
Joshua Buchalter: Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions, and congrats on the results. I was hoping you may expand on the drivers of upside in both the print and in particular the guide. How should we think about Q2 growth by segment? And I wanted to double-click on client in particular. That business is up 67% year-over-year in the first quarter, and there's obviously a lot of concerns on pull-ins. So, I was hoping you could walk through some of the drivers of the strength in client in particular and how you're thinking about that in Q2. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Okay, great, Josh. Thanks for the question. Look, we were very pleased with our performance in Q1. We actually saw a strength across a number of our businesses. We saw strength certainly in the client business, very strong desktop performance. We saw strength in our gaming business as well, which was really due to our strong Radeon launch. And we also saw some strength in our data center business across both stronger CPU and GPU. So, those are some of the drivers for our Q1 performance. And in particular, on your question of client performance, we've certainly looked very carefully at the ordering patterns and what customers are telling us. We have not seen a lot of tariff-related activity in that business. I would say, though, what we have seen is a real stronger mix in strength in our overall ASPs. So, the desktop channel, which is an area where we have a very strong, gaming products right now, actually performed well above seasonality in Q1. And that is really the strength of the ASPs there. So, that's what we saw in Q1. And then to your question about the guide for Q2, as Jean mentioned, we do have the new export control limitation on MI308. So, we have taken out that revenue, which is a $700 million headwind in Q2. But with that, we have a strong outlook given the strength across the rest of our businesses. So, we continue to see strength in clients going into the second quarter. Again, the desktop business continues to perform above typical seasonality. We're also seeing the beginning of the commercial ramp, which is a place where we have traditionally been quite underrepresented. We see continued strength in gaming. I would say much better than typical seasonality. That is really our AIB business with the Radeon products are ramping, as well as, consoles have now drained all of their inventory. And so they are starting their ramp into the year. And from a data center side, we see sequential growth on the CPU side. We see the GPU right on track, minus the China export controls. And so, for all of those reasons, we're pleased with where the performance of the business is right now.
Jean Hu: Yes, I'll just add one point to what Lisa just said on the client business. We had really strong performance in Q1, especially client revenue is largely flat issue versus Q4. When you look behind it, our unit actually declined a double digit. So the revenue flat issue is largely driven by the ASP increases sequentially due to the richer mix that Lisa just mentioned.
Joshua Buchalter: Thank you for all that color. To follow up, I wanted to ask about how the ex-China, ex-308 Instinct family performed in the quarter and how you're thinking about the back half of the year. I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks, significant double digit year-over-year. Could you maybe provide some color on how Instinct did in the first quarter, how you're thinking about the first half ahead of the 350 ramp in next month? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure. So, on the Instinct ramp, I would say a Q1 performance of data center GPU was in line with maybe a little bit better than expected. I think the key point that we've said about the Instinct ramp is I'm very excited about the MI350 launch. We're right on track for that launching mid-year. I would say customer interest has been very high. So from a competitiveness standpoint, we feel really good about where it's positioned. Overall, I think one of the advantages that we have with the MI350 launch is that, from a systems overall environment, it's actually very similar to the MI300. So, we believe it's going to ramp fast. And we already have a couple of deals that have been announced, including a very important relationship with Oracle in terms of the MI350 series for a number of joint customers. So we're excited about the overall AI business. I think we continue to see strength there. I know there are some uncertainties as it relates to tariffs and other things, but this is one of those areas where from an infrastructure standpoint, there continues to be investment in AI infrastructure. And so with that, we would expect strong growth into the second half of the year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Lisa, you said that data center GPU grew significant double digit, but it was like $600 million last March. So I would think that, I mean, I think a lot of us thought it was going to be like 1.7 to 1.75. So is that the wrong way to sort of interpret that? Because it seems like it went up triple digits at least. So can you help us there? And also, I'm curious, the additional $800 million that sort of has to come out from the ban, does that all come out in September or is there some remnants of that that have to come out in the fourth quarter as well?
Lisa Su: Yes, so again, what I would say is the data center GPU business did perform very well in the first quarter. I think we have to go back and look at what you had for first quarter 2024. But overall standpoint, it performed right where we would expect. Relative to your conversation as to where does it come out? I would say the vast majority comes out in the September quarter. So think about, Jean mentioned $1.5 billion, you would see the majority of it in Q2 and Q3 with very little in Q4. So we had always expected that the fourth quarter, because it would be very focused on the MI350 family would be non-China revenue and that's how it was planned.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it, and then Jean, just on the inventory, it was up a lot. Is that just due to ZT or is there something else happening there, thanks.
Jean Hu: Well, on the inventory side, we built some inventory primarily to support very strong client and the server ramp and also the second half data center GPU ramp. As you probably know, the lead time is really long to build for the Q3, Q4 ramp. We really need to start with us right now. That's why the inventory has increased.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I know there's been a lot of focus in your upcoming MI350 series, Lisa, but MI400 next year is where you potentially close the competitive gap in a big way, right? You're bringing frontier class model training, performance GPU in a RAC scale solution. More and more, the challenges have been standing up these Rack Scale platforms, power, cooling, footprint, networking, connectivity, telemetry, et cetera, right? Lots of well-telegraphed issues with standing up these Rack Scale Architectures. So as you've shared your MI400 Rack Scale Solution Architecture with customers, what is the AMD team doing to potentially address the ease of these deployments with the MI400? And just in general, what's been the overall feedback been like on MI400?
Lisa Su: Yes, Harlan, thank you for the question. I think, look, we're excited about the MI350 series launch that's coming up, but we are extremely excited as well about the MI400 series and the roadmap there. I think we've been very active with customers on our roadmap. As this is one of those areas where you absolutely have to be planning many quarters in advance for that. One of the primary reasons we acquired ZT Systems was exactly to address this Rack Scale Architecture. And so from that standpoint, the closing of the ZT acquisition has been very timely. What we're doing right now is together with our ZT design team, as well as our customers design teams and our own systems design capability, really actively planning what those Rack Scale Systems are going to look like. I would say the MI400 series enthusiasm from customers is high. And there's a lot of activities that are going on right now to ensure that we do in fact learn from some of the, let's call it some of the challenges that have occurred with some of the recent deployments.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for that. And then I continue to be impressed. I mean, seven consecutive quarters of strong year-over-year growth in your EPYC Enterprise and on-prem traction, right? You have high 30s, low 40s type share of the overall server market and enterprise and on-prem. Your share is probably in the sort of low 20% range, but significant share momentum. Can you just remind us like what has the AMD team done? What have you put in place sort of go-to-market wise to drive the strong tailwind here in what has been a very, very tough market segment to crack?
Lisa Su: I think there are a couple of things, Harlan. First of all, the strength of the product cannot be undersold, right? At this moment with fifth-gen EPYC, the overall cloud adoption has been fantastic. And then on the enterprise side, we've really broadened the product portfolio for Turin that includes, let's call it low core count up through the highest core count and frequency ranges. So that's very helpful. But probably the largest impact has been in go-to-market. In the go-to- market space, we have added significant headcount and capability to address end users directly. And with the use cases, I think some of the things that we talked about across industries, we're actually learning from each deployment and replicating that across many of the industrial partners. So overall, I think it's been a strong effort on enterprise and we're really still in the very early stages of that. I would say we're still quite underrepresented enterprise, but with the platform coverage and the processor coverage, I think we feel good about the opportunities.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Going back to kind of the data center business and particularly the GPU business, I think last quarter you had alluded to the fact that you'd expected the data center revenue to be roughly flat in the first half of the year. I guess if we were to take out the $700 million impact from China, would the expectation still be flat for the year? Is that a fair assumption?
Jean Hu: So Aaron, so you're right. Last time we did mention the first half data center GPU, it's flat issue versus second half. The way to think about what Lisa mentioned is the $1.5 billion impact largely will be in Q2 and Q3. And so when you take out $700 million in Q2 and majority in Q3, that is what the impact in Q2 and Q3. But remember what Lisa mentioned is that we do see second half weighted. As we launch MI355, we will see significant ramp. Year-over-year, we see strong double digital growth of our data center business and the GPU business also.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, kind of thinking about the gross margin, obviously this quarter's guidance reflective of the charge that you're taking. Should we assume that in the back half with mixed attributes to be considered that you would see a return to that 54 plus percent gross margin in the second half of the year? Is that a fair assessment?
Jean Hu: Yes, Aaron, thank you for the question. Yes, there are a few puts takes on the gross margin. If you think about the Q2, excluding $800 million charge related to the MI308, our gross margin actually is around 54%. So at a company level, right, the mix is less favorable because the client and the gaming business is growing sequentially. But we do have a few drivers to drive the gross margin up. First, as I mentioned earlier, if you look at our client business, the gross margin has been improving because the richer mix of our latest generation product portfolio, that really helps. And also, secondly, within data center, when we expand the enterprise market share, we do see gross margin improvement. Of course, in addition, MI308 data center, GPU gross margin is on the low end of our data center GPU margin. So that also helps us. Overall, when we think about the second half, we actually think the gross margin will improve slightly because data center continues to be very strong growth driver, number one growth driver, second half versus the first half, which will be partially offset by continued strength on the client and the gaming side. Hope that answers your question.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Thomas O'Malley with Barclays.
Thomas O'Malley: Hey, Lisa and others. Thanks for taking my question. I really appreciate it. And Jean, thanks for the helpful answer there. I just wanted to understand your view on system-based architectures and whether you feel like you have what you need right now. Obviously, UALink 1.0 is coming out. You can use third party providers to kind of do the interconnect. ZT System does do a lot for you in terms of the system architecture. But from the interconnect side, do you think that you need more? Is that something that you're going to do internally? Look externally? Just want to understand where you think the portfolio is today and whether you can address system-based architectures of what you have today.
Lisa Su: Sure, Tom. Absolutely. I think we feel like we have all the pieces required as well as deep partnerships in the ecosystem. And I consider it a system level optimization between CPU, GPU, networking capability, rack scale architecture. I think all of those pieces are things that we are investing in. And we're also partnering with others in the industry who are offering these capabilities. I think when we look at the architectures that our customers want, our customers are really asking for one, that we have a reference architecture that works, but also that we work with them as they want to interchange various pieces, particularly on the networking side. I think there are a couple of different solutions out there. And we are very much focused on ensuring that we interoperate across the spectrum.
Thomas O'Malley: Helpful. And then if we look at the full year, I mean, we'll get the units with the filing, but it looks like there's some material share gains here in the first quarter. When you look at the full year, just to level set us on share gains versus market growth, could you maybe talk about what you see the client business growing as a base level? And then just, obviously, it's difficult to kind of predict where share will go, but just any comments on what you're seeing thus far is a couple points of shares, kind of what you're seeing in the first quarter as well. We'll get a little more later, but mostly just on the market growth for 2025. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure, Tom. So if you're asking about sharing the client business, I think that was the conversation. Look, we are very pleased with our client business performance over the last couple of quarters. I think we are seeing unit growth, particularly in desktop, but where we're seeing probably the most growth is overall revenue share. And so it's, we're gaining share in the right places, which is in, sort of high-end, notebook and commercial as well as in desktop overall. So from that standpoint, that's where we think we're going. As we go through the year, I know there's a good amount of conversation about what happens in the macro and what happens with tariffs and does that change things going forward. We are spending quite a bit of time ensuring that we are aligning with our customers, looking at inventory levels, looking at sort of consumption and overall sell-through. And we believe that we have a good overall inventory position and there is not, let's call it, a tremendous amount of pull-ins or other things that are coming into play. And we will continue to be very agile in how we look at that going forward.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. I had two questions as well. On the first one, just near-term, Lisa, did your GPU sales grow sequentially in Q1? How much was MI308 in that number? And if you look at 2025 overall, do you think GPUs can still grow despite the China headwind that you mentioned relative to the $5 billion plus you did last year?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Vivek. So let me answer the second question first. We absolutely believe the data center GPU will grow and we think it will grow strong double digits. We had a plan that was second half weighted and it still is. Relative to the MI308 situation, it's certainly a headwind but one which we think is well contained given everything else that we have going on. And relative to the Q1 performance of data center GPU, it was down very modestly from Q4 which is what we expected. We did see good overall demand actually in the first quarter driven by MI325 so we had a significant adoption by a large foundational model company which was very positive there and as we go forward, we expect that we will continue to broaden both customers as well as workloads within our current customers for the Instinct portfolio.
Jean Hu: And Vivek, in Q1, MI325 and MI300 will achieve a majority of our revenue.
Vivek Arya: Great. And then longer term, Lisa, in the past you described I believe almost a $500 billion or so addressable market for AI accelerators. How much of that roughly is China because that now seems to be somewhat restricted for US companies and then also kind of related to that how should we think about these AI diffusion rules that I think there is an implementation date that is coming up on May 15th. I'm curious what you have heard. So just sort of the implication of China restrictions and these AI diffusion rules on thinking about the addressable opportunity for you longer term. Thank you.
Lisa Su: So, Vivek, I think it's a good question. I think overall it is a very dynamic market so you will appreciate that. On the China export controls, I think, we always expected that there would be some amount of what's called limitation on sort of leading edge GPUs going into China. So that was factored into our TAM expectation when we talked about $500 billion. So I don't think that dramatically changes the TAM. But what I will say is on the AI diffusion side we're very actively working with the government as they're thinking through these rules and it's a very fine balance that we have to have. At the end of the day when we look at sort of the US AI companies, we have leading edge technology. We want to ensure that the rest of the world can really use us as the primary platform. So I think it will be important to work through the AI diffusion rules and all of that as we think about longer term TAM. We're certainly spending quite a bit of efforts trying to ensure that it's well understood the importance of the overall ecosystem and having the rest of the world really adopt the US ecosystem given our strength and leadership overall.
Operator: And the next question comes from C J Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald.
C J Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to revisit your assumptions around client. If you were to just flat line the Q1 actual, you would grow the business above 30%, you're obviously very bullish on taking share. You talked about huge tailwinds from ASPs. But curious when you put it all together, how should we think about traditional seasonality into the second half particularly with the potential of some pulling here in the first half?
Lisa Su: Sure, CJ. It's a fair question. Look, we want to be very clear that our client business performance is primarily driven by the strength of the product portfolio and it's driven by some of the desktop channel products that traditionally are not so well tracked. If you look at sort of the IDCs of the world, we are planning for let’s call it second half sub seasonal given we're off to a strong start in the first half of the year. And that is what we are putting into our sort of internal planning number. So, you wouldn't see necessarily typical seasonality since the first half is better than seasonal. That being the case, I think we feel strongly that from a consumption base standpoint, we can see the data. So when we look at the Q1 performance, it was a very, very strong Q1 in terms of sellout and consumption for our desktop business. And as we start Q2, we are now four weeks into it, we see those patterns continuing. So, we're in an upgrade cycle right now. Gaming CPUs are usually purchased when they are gaming CPUs that come out in new cycles. And I think we're benefiting from that on both the CPU and GPU side which is great. I mean we are very happy with that. And we're ramping up production to ensure we keep the channel full.
C J Muse: Very helpful. And then I guess looking to next year, can you talk about 400 series and rack level solution, go-to-market strategy? You talked about kind of trying to obtain partners. Is there a certain number you're targeting? And then how are you thinking about kind of getting through learning curve challenges of getting the rack scale working with your OEM partners such that you can deliver that ramp in 2026? Thanks so much.
Lisa Su: Of course, CJ. I think the right answer is we're getting a very early start. That's what we have to do so that we maximize the overall learning cycle that is required for rack scale solutions. We are working very closely with a number of our hyperscale partners today to define those solutions and make sure that we're thinking about the various areas that could require work. And we're also working with our OEM partners who also have, let’s call, learned quite a bit over the past couple of months and quarters as other rack scale solutions have been coming online. So, I think we're doing everything to move, let’s call it, move ahead of the learning cycle. And again, we have the benefit of the MI350 series being a relatively, let’s call it, not large list. So the And so the focus on the rack scale stuff is on MI400.
Operator: And the next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For the first one, given the China data center GPU headwinds in Q2 and Q3, do you think that GPU business actually grows year-over-year in Q2 and Q3? Understanding your comments for the full year on it. But do you think given those headwinds in Q2 and Q3 it can actually grow year-over-year?
Lisa Su: I think you're, let's see, Stacy, the best way to answer that question is in Q2 it's not going to grow year-over-year. Just given what we said about the $700 million coming out of Q2 and how we had previously talked about the evolution. But we do believe that it will grow year-over-year going forward in Q3 and Q4 certainly for us to do the full year with strong double-digit growth.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. So you do think it can grow year-over-year in Q3. Okay. For my second question, I wanted to ask about kind of the trends in Q1. So you said it was data center GPU was down I guess modestly in Q1 as expected. But again if I go back to your sort of double-digit year-over-year comments, I mean, it couldn't have been any more than like $1.4 billion in Q1 for this [inaudible] and it feels like it's less than that. Which mean it would have down at least 20% sequentially maybe more which also implies the server CPUs in Q1 were up sequentially which is also well above seasonal similar to clients. I guess what I'm asking is are those trends correct? Am I modeling that correct? And I guess what are the implications in that case of server CPUs actually up well above seasonal in Q1 given this environment?
Jean Hu: No, I think Stacy, this is Jean, I think when you think about the Q1 data center performance it's declined 5%. So it's a little bit better from server perspective because it is declined sequentially. Same thing like data center GPU like Lisa mentioned earlier it did decline. So I think that is the overall data center performance. I think I don't know about your model but that is how we really look at the numbers how we think about it.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask a couple questions. Kind of going to go to the embedded space. I know it's not the biggest one but everything else has been addressed pretty detailed. You mentioned the second half getting up to year-over-year growth. Seems like that requires significant double digit growth sequentially in both quarters just to get the full half there. What gives you confidence in that sort of ramp?
Jean Hu: Ross, thank you for the question. On embedded side, we started to see gradual recovery. I think there are signs, especially the order pattern, the book to bill ratios, we see improving. Like aerospace and defense and also test measurement side, we see very visible improvement. Industrial side, the improvement is less so. There is inventory still among different customers. Overall, the trend, the demand pattern does improve. I think Q2, we did guide sequentially flattish and I think we start to see Q3, especially Q4, you will see year-over-year increase especially in Q4.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks for that. I guess this is my last question is on the OpEx side of things. You guided to the over number for the second quarter, $2.3 billion. You said there is $50 million from ZT in there. Is that the entirety of the ZT side of things? Or what should we think for kind of full year OpEx for the second half, however, you want to discuss it.
Jean Hu: Yes, Ross, thank for the question. For the ZT, design team, we view it as quarterly that incremental OpEx is about $50 million. That $2.3 billion includes everything from ZT because we closed the transaction on March 31st. I think when you look at the overall OpEx increase year-over-year, we continue to drive revenue growth to increase more than OpEx. Looking at Q2 at the middle point of our guidance revenue will be increasing 27% and we do expect the earnings per share growing much faster than the top line revenue growth. So OpEx side will be very disciplined to continue to manage it.
Matt Ramsey : Operator, I think we have time for one more caller. Thank you.
Operator: No problem. And the final question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. One of the things your cloud customers have been talking about is this kind of growth in inference costs this sort of reasoning model using lot of inference compute and sometime tightness. Can you talk about that from AMD perspective? Are you seeing that in your business? Does that change the focus you’ve going forward?
Lisa Su: Sure, Joe. So I think overall what we're seeing is with these new reasoning models, the inferencing is more important. And there is also a move to more distributed inferencing. So, I think that plays into our strengths. I think, we have demonstrated that with MI300 that we are an excellent inference solution. And that holds true for 35 and 353 series as well. So, we continue to see with our memory bandwidth and memory capacity advantages that's a positive. I will say that as we're going into this, the number of workloads that we're seeing overall is expanding. So, we're seeing both training and inferencing as important workloads that we're working on. And our customers continue to demonstrate. I think the desire that we're seeing probably from a trend standpoint is that there are many models that people are using today. So, they're not necessarily using one model. They're actually using several different models. So, the optimizations around that are the things we're doing with our ROCm software suite.
Joe Moore: Great. Just an update on your thoughts on competing with custom silicon with A6 in AI space. Most of your largest customers also have a custom silicon offering. So will they invest in both AMD and A6 and just how do they decide how to apportion that investment?
Lisa Su: Joe, I mean I view them as really two different things. I think, one of the primary aspects as we talk about the $500 billion TAM and the opportunities there. Look, we think A6 have a place. We happened to think GPUs have a larger piece of that because the models are changing so much. And from our standpoint, it's really important to have competitive TCOs and people want choice to get there especially as inference costs become so important and we're working on trying to expand the overall inferencing sort of capability out there. So, I don't think it's an either or. I think it's a let's get the best solutions out there and we will certainly believe that we're very competitive in inferencing and I think we're also becoming a much more solution for training as well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the question-and-answer session. And that also concludes today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you Matt Ramsey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Matt. You may begin.
Matt Ramsey: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results conference call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and accompanying slides. If you have not had the chance to review these materials, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and slides posted on our website. Participants in today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Jean Hu will attend the Morgan Stanley Global TMT Conference on Monday, March 3. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on our current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. With that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Matt, and good afternoon to all those listening today. 2024 was a transformative year for AMD. We successfully established our multi-billion dollar data center AI franchise. Launched a broad set of leadership products and gained significant server and PC market share. As a result, we delivered record annual revenue, grew net income 26% for the year and more than doubled free cash flow from 2023. Importantly, the data center segment contributed roughly 50% of annual revenue, as Instinct and EPYC processor adoption expanded significantly with cloud, enterprise and supercomputing customers. Looking at our financial results. Fourth quarter revenue increased 24% year-over-year to a record $7.7 billion, led by record quarterly data center and client segment revenue both of which grew by a significant double-digit percentage. On a full year basis, annual revenue grew 14% to $25.8 billion as data center revenue nearly doubled and client segment revenue grew 52%, more than offsetting declines in our Gaming and Embedded segments. Turning to the segments. Data center segment revenue increased 69% year-over-year to a record $3.9 billion. 2024 marks another major inflection point for our server business, as share gains accelerated, driven by the ramp of fifth-gen EPYC Turin and strong double-digit percentage year-over-year growth in fourth-gen EPYC sales. In cloud, we exited 2024 with well over 50% share at the majority of our largest hyperscale customers. Hyperscaler demand for EPYC CPUs was very strong, driven by expanded deployments powering both their internal compute infrastructure and online services. Public cloud demand was also very strong with a number of EPYC instances increasing 27% in 2024 to more than 1,000. AWS, Alibaba, Google, Microsoft and Tencent launched more than 100 AMD general purpose in AI instances in the fourth quarter alone. This includes new Azure instances powered by a custom-built EPYC processor with HBM memory that delivers leadership HPC performance based on offering 8x higher memory bandwidth compared to competitive offerings. We also built significant momentum with Forbes 2000 Global Businesses using EPYC in the cloud, as enterprise customers activated more than double the number of EPYC cloud instances from the prior quarter. This capped-off a strong year of growth as enterprise consumption of EPYC in the cloud nearly tripled from 2023. Turning to enterprise on-prem adoption. EPYC CPU sales grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year, as sales grew increased, and we closed high-volume deployments with Akamai, Hitachi, LG, ServiceNow, Verizon, Visa and others. We are seeing growing enterprise pull based on the expanding number of EPYC platforms available and our increased go-to-market investments. Exiting 2024, there are more than 450 EPYC platforms available from the leading server OEMs and ODMs, including more than 120 Turin platforms that went into production in the fourth quarter from Cisco, Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Super Micro and others. Looking forward, Turin is clearly the best server processor in the world with more than 540 performance records across a broad range of industry standard benchmarks. At the same time, we are seeing sustained demand for both fourth and third gen-EPYC processors as our consistent road map execution has made AMD the dependable and safe choice. As a result, we see clear growth opportunities in 2025 across both cloud and enterprise based on our full portfolio of EPYC processors, optimized for leadership performance across the entire range of data center workloads and system price points. Turning to our data center AI business. 2024 was an outstanding year, as we accelerated our AI hardware road map to deliver an annual cadence of new Instinct accelerators, expanded our ROCm software suite with significant uplifts in inferencing and training performance, built strong customer relationships with key industry leaders and delivered greater than $5 billion of data center AI revenue for the year. Looking at the fourth quarter, MI300X production deployments expanded with our largest cloud partners. Meta exclusively used MI300X to serve their Llama 405B frontier model on meta.ai and added instinct GPUs to its OCP-compliant Grand Teton platform, designed for deep learning recommendation models and large-scale AI inferencing workloads. Microsoft is using MI300X to power multiple GPT 4-based Copilot services, and launched flagship instances that scale up to thousands of GPUs for AI training and inference and HPC workloads. IBM, Digital Ocean, [Vulture] (ph) and several other AI-focused CSPs have begun deploying AMD Instinct accelerators for new instances. IBM also announced plans to enable MI300X on their Watson X AI and data platform for training and deploying enterprise-ready generative AI applications. Instinct platforms are currently being deployed across more than a dozen CSPs globally, and we expect this number to grow in 2025. For enterprise customers, more than 25 MI300 series platforms are in production with the largest OEMs and ODMs. To simplify and accelerate enterprise adoption of AMD Instinct platforms, Dell began offering MI300X as a part of their AI factory solution suite and is providing multiple ready-to-deploy containers via the Dell Enterprise Hub on hugging face. HPC adoption also grew in the quarter. AMD now powers five of the 10 fastest and 15 of the 25 most energy efficient systems in the world, on the latest top 500 supercomputer list. Notably, the El Capitan system at Lawrence Livermore National Labs, debuted as the world's fastest supercomputer, using over 44,000 MI300 AI APUs to deliver more than 1.7 exaflops of compute performance. Earlier this month, the high-performance computer center at the University of Stuttgart, launched the Hunter supercomputer that also uses MI300A. Like El Capitan, Hunter will be used for both foundational scientific research and advanced AI projects, including training LOMs in 24 different European languages. On the AI software front, we made significant progress across all layers of the ROCm stack in 2024. Our strategy is to establish AMD ROCm as the industry's leading open software stack for AI, providing developers with greater choice and accelerating the pace of industry innovation. More than 1 million models on hugging face now run out of the box on AMD. And our platforms are supported in the leading frameworks like PyTorch and JAX, serving solutions like VLLM and compilers like OpenAI Triton. We have also successfully ramped large-scale production deployments with numerous customers using ROCm, including our lead hyperscale partners. We ended the year with the release of ROCm 6.3 that included multiple performance optimizations, including support for the latest flash attention algorithm that runs up to 3 times faster than prior versions and SG Lang run time that enabled day-zero support for state-of-the-art models like DeepSeek V3. As a result of these latest enhancements, MI300X inferencing performance has increased 2.7 times since launch. Looking forward, we're continuing to accelerate our software investments to improve the out-of-the-box experience for a growing number of customers adopting Instinct to power their diverse AI workloads. For example, in January we began delivering biweekly container releases that provide more frequent performance and feature updates and ready to deploy packages, and we continue adding resources dedicated to the open source community that enable us to build, test and launch new software enhancements at a faster pace. On the product front, we began volume production of MI325X in the fourth quarter. The production ramp is progressing very well to support new customer wins. MI325 is well-positioned in market, delivering significant performance and TCO advantages compared to competitive offerings. We have also made significant progress with a number of customers adopting AMD Instinct. For example, we recently closed several large wins with MI300 and MI325 at Lighthouse AI customers that are deploying instinct at scale across both their inferencing and training production environments for the first time. Looking ahead, our next-generation MI350 series featuring our CDNA 4 architecture is looking very strong. CDNA 4 will deliver the biggest generational leap in AI performance in our history, with a 35 times increase in AI compute performance compared to CDNA 3. The silicon has come up really well. We were running large-scale LLMs within 24 hours of receiving first silicon and validation work is progressing ahead of schedule. The customer feedback on MI350 series has been strong, driving deeper and broader customer engagements with both existing and net new hyperscale customers in preparation for at-scale MI350 deployments. Based on early silicon progress and the strong customer interest in the MI350 series, we now plan to sample lead customers this quarter and are on track to accelerate production shipments to mid-year. As we look forward into our multiyear AMD Instinct road map, I'm excited to share that MI400 series development is also progressing very well. The CDNA next architecture takes another major leap enabling powerful rackscale solutions that tightly integrate networking CPU and GPU capabilities at the silicon level to support Instinct solutions at data center scale. We designed CDNA next to deliver leadership AI and HPC flops while expanding our memory capacity and bandwidth advantages and supporting an open ecosystem of scale up and scale out networking products. We are seeing strong customer interest in the MI400 series for large-scale training and inference deployments and remain on track to launch in 2026. Turning to our acquisition of ZTE Systems. We passed key milestones in the quarter and received unconditional regulatory approvals in multiple jurisdictions, including Japan, Singapore and Taiwan. Cloud and OEM customer response to the acquisition has been very positive, as ZTE's Systems expertise can accelerate time to market for future Instinct accelerator platforms. We have also received significant interest in ZTE's manufacturing business. We expect to successfully divest ZTE's industry-leading U.S.-based data center infrastructure production capabilities, shortly after we closed the acquisition, which remains on track for the first half of the year. Turning to our client segment. Revenue increased 58% year-over-year to a record $2.3 billion. We gained client revenue share for the fourth straight quarter, driven by significantly higher demand for both Ryzen desktop and mobile processors. We had record desktop channel sell-out in the fourth quarter in multiple regions, as Ryzen dominated the best-selling CPU list at many retailers globally. Exceeding 70% share at Amazon, Newegg, [MineFactory] (ph) and numerous others over the holiday period. In mobile, we believe we had a record OEM PC sell-through share in the fourth quarter as Ryzen AI 300 Series notebooks ramp. In addition to growing share with our existing PC partners, we were very excited to announce a new strategic collaboration with Dell that marks the first time they will offer a full portfolio of commercial PCs powered by Ryzen Pro processors. The initial wave of Ryzen-powered Dell commercial notebooks is planned to launch this spring with the full portfolio ramping in the second half of the year, as we focus on growing commercial PC share. At CES, we expanded our Ryzen portfolio with the launch of 22 new mobile processors that deliver leadership compute, graphics and AI capabilities. Our Ryzen processor portfolio has never been stronger with leadership compute performance across the stack. For AI PCs, we are the only provider that offers a complete portfolio of CPUs, enabling Windows Copilot plus experiences on premium ultrathin, commercial, gaming and mainstream notebooks. Looking into 2025, we are planning for the PC TAM to grow by a mid-single-digit percentage year-on-year. Based on the breadth of our leadership client CPU portfolio and strong design win momentum, we believe we can grow client segment revenue well ahead of the market. Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue declined 59% year-over-year to $563 million. Semi-custom sales declined as expected as Microsoft and Sony focused on reducing channel inventory. Overall, this console generation has been very strong. Highlighted by cumulative unit shipments surpassing $100 million in the fourth quarter. Looking forward, we believe channel inventories have now normalized and semi-custom sales will return to more historical patterns in 2025. In Gaming Graphics, revenue declined year-over-year, as we accelerated channel sellout in preparation for the launch of our next-gen Radeon 9000 series GPUs. Our focus with this generation is to address the highest volume portion of the enthusiast gaming market with our new RDNA 4 architecture. RDNA 4 delivers significantly better rate tracing performance and add support for AI-powered upscaling technology that will bring high-quality 4K gaming to mainstream players when the first Radeon 9070 series GPUs go on sale in early March. Now turning to our Embedded segment. Fourth quarter revenue decreased 13% year-over-year to $923 million. The demand environment remains mixed, with the overall market recovering slower than expected as strength in aerospace and defense and test and emulation is offset by softness in the industrial and communications markets. We continue expanding our adaptive computing portfolio in the quarter with differentiated solutions for key markets. We launched our Versal RF series with industry-leading compute performance for aerospace and defense markets, introduced our Versal premium series Gen 2, as the industry's first adaptive compute devices supporting CXL 3.1 and PCI Gen 6 and began shipping our next-gen Alveo card with leadership performance for ultra-low latency trading. We believe we gained adaptive computing share in 2024 and are well-positioned for ongoing share gains based on our design win momentum. We closed a record $14 billion of design wins in 2024, up more than 25% year-over-year, as customer adoption of our industry-leading adaptive computing platforms expands and we won large new embedded processor designs. In summary, we ended 2024 with significant momentum, delivering record quarterly and full-year revenue. EPYC and Ryzen processor share gains grew throughout the year, and we are well-positioned to continue outgrowing the market based on having the strongest CPU portfolio in our history. We established our multibillion-dollar data center AI business and accelerated both our Instinct hardware and ROCm software road maps. For 2025, we expect the demand environment to strengthen across all of our businesses, driving strong growth in our data center and client businesses and modest increases in our gaming and Embedded businesses. Against this backdrop, we believe we can deliver strong double-digit percentage revenue and EPS growth year-over-year. Looking further ahead, the recent announcements of significant AI infrastructure investments like Stargate, and latest model breakthroughs from DeepSeek and the Allen Institute highlight the incredibly rapid pace of AI innovation across every layer of the stack, from silicon to algorithms to models, systems and applications. These are exactly the types of advances we want to see as the industry invests in increased compute capacity, while pushing the envelope on software innovation to make AI more accessible and enable breakthrough generative and agentic AI experiences that can run on virtually every digital device. All of these initiatives require massive amounts of new compute and create unprecedented growth opportunities for AMD across our businesses. AMD is the only provider with the breadth of products and software expertise needed to power AI from end-to-end across data center, edge and client devices. We have made outstanding progress building the foundational product, technology and customer relationships needed to capture a meaningful portion of this market. And we believe this places AMD on a steep long-term growth trajectory, led by the rapid scaling of our data center AI franchise for more than $5 billion of revenue in 2024 to tens of billions of dollars of annual revenue over the coming years. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year results. Jean?
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results and then provide our current outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2025. AMD executed very well in 2024, delivering record revenue of $25.8 billion, up 14%, driven by 94% growth in our data center segment and a 52% growth in our client segment, which more than offset headwinds in our gaming and embedded segments. We expanded gross margin by 300 basis points and achieved earnings per share growth of 25% while investing aggressively in AI to fuel our future growth. For the fourth quarter of 2024, Revenue was a record $7.7 billion, growing 24% year-over-year as strong revenue growth in the data center and client segment was partially offset by lower revenue in our gaming and embedded segments. Revenue was up 12% sequentially, primarily driven by the growth of client, data center and the gaming segments. Gross margin was 54%, up 330 basis points year-over-year due to a favorable shift in revenue mix with higher data center and client revenues lower gaming revenue, partially offset by the impact of lower embedded revenue. Operating expenses were $2.1 billion, an increase of 23% year-over-year, as we invest in R&D and marketing activities to address our significant growth opportunities. Operating income was a record of $2 billion, representing 26% operating margin. Taxes, interest and other was $249 million net expense. For the fourth quarter of 2024 diluted earnings per share was $1.09, an increase of 42% year-over-year, reflecting the significant operating leverage of our business model. Now turning to our reportable segment, starting with the data center segment. Revenue was a record of $3.9 billion, up 69% year-over-year driven by strong growth, both AMD Instinct GPU and the fourth and the fifth generation AMD EPYC CPU sales. Data Center segment operating income was $1.2 billion or 30% of revenue compared to $666 million or 29% a year ago. Client segment revenue was a record of $2.3 billion, up 58% year-over-year, driven by strong demand for AMD Ryzen processors. Client segment operating income was $446 million or 19% of revenue compared to operating income of $55 million or 4% of revenue a year ago, driven primarily by operating leverage due from higher revenue. Gaming segment revenue was $563 million, down 59% year-over-year, primarily due to a decrease in semi customer revenue. Gaming segment operating income was $50 million or 9% of revenue compared to $224 million or 16% a year ago. Embedded segment revenue was $923 million, down 13% year-over-year, as end market demand continues to be mixed. Embedded segment operating income was $362 million or 39% of revenue compared to $461 million or 44% a year ago. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $1.3 billion in cash from operations and a record $1.1 billion for free cash flow. Inventory increased sequentially by $360 million to $5.7 billion. In the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments were $5.1 billion. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares and returned 256 million to shareholders. For the year, we repurchased 5.9 million shares and returned 862 million to shareholders. We have a $4.7 billion remaining in our share repurchase authorization. Before I turn to our financial outlook, let me cover our financial segment reporting. Beginning with our first quarter fiscal year 2025 financial statement disclosures. We plan to combine the client and the gaming segment into one single reportable segment to align with how we manage the business. Therefore, reporting three segments: data center, client with gaming and the embedded. We'll continue to provide distinct revenue disclosures for our data center, client, gaming and embedded businesses, consistent with our current reporting. Now turning to our first quarter of 2025 outlook. We expect revenue to be approximately $7.1 billion plus or minus $300 million, up 30% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in our data center and the client business. More than offsetting a significant decline in our gaming business and a modest decline in our embedded business. We expect revenue to be down sequentially approximately 7%, driven primarily by seasonality across our businesses. In addition, we expect first quarter non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 54%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $2.1 billion. Non-GAAP other net income to be $24 million, non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13% and the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.64 billion shares. In closing, 2024 was a strong year for AMD, demonstrating our disciplined execution to deliver revenue growth and expand earnings at a faster rate than revenue. All while investing in AI and the innovation to fuel long-term growth. Looking ahead, we will build on the momentum to drive double-digit percentage revenue growth and further accelerated earnings in 2025 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it back to Matt for the Q&A session.
Matt Ramsey: Thank you very much, Jean. We're now ready to start the Q&A session. As the operator pulls for questions, we remind each participant to please ask one question and a brief follow-up. Operator, please poll for questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you Matt. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Aaron Rakers : Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I'll just ask it right out of the gate is, as we think about the GPU business, and I appreciate you talked about delivering north of $5 billion of revenue, which is extremely impressive in 2024. I'm curious if you -- how we should think about framing the GPU, the instinct business, as we think about 2025? And any kind of color you can provide us as far as kind of the progression of revenue, the pace of revenue first half versus second half as we think about some of the product cycle dynamics. Thank you.
Lisa Su : Sure, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So first of all, look we were very pleased with how we finished 2024 in terms of the data center GPU business. I think the ramp was steep as we went throughout the year, and the team executed well. Going into 2025, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are actually very happy with the progress that we're making on both the hardware road maps and the software road maps. So on the hardware side, we launched MI325 at the end of the fourth quarter, started shipments then. We have new designs that have come on both MI300 and MI325 that we'll deploy in the first half of the year. And then the big news is on the MI350 series. So we had previously stated that we thought we would launch that in the second half of the year. And frankly, that bring-up has come up better than we expected, and there is very strong customer demand for that. So we are actually going to pull that production ramp into the middle of the year, which improves our relative competitiveness. So as it relates to how data center -- so the overall data center business will grow strong double digits certainly, both the server product line as well as the data center GPU product line will grow strong double digits. And from the shape of the revenue you would expect that the second half would be stronger than the first half, just given MI350 will be a catalyst for the data center GPU business. But overall, I think we are very pleased with the trajectory of the data center business in both 2024 and then going into full year 2025.
Aaron Rakers : Yes. Thank you very much. And as a quick follow-up, just thinking about the guidance overall relative to that down 7% sequential I know you mentioned seasonality across the business segments. Are you assuming that you are down sequentially in data center in total in 1Q? And how do I frame that relative to seasonality? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Aaron. So let me give you some more color on the Q1 guide. So Q1 guide was down 7% sequentially, as Jean mentioned. And the way that breaks out in each of the segments assume that data center would be down just about that average, so the corporate average. We would expect the client business and the embedded business to be down more than that. Just given where seasonality is for those businesses. And then we would expect gaming business will be down a little less than that. And that's a little atypical from a seasonality standpoint, but we are coming-off of a year when there was a lot of let’s call it, inventory normalization. And now that inventory has normalized, we would expect that, that would be down a little bit less than the corporate average.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri : Thanks a lot. I wanted to ask about the server CPU business. Jean, I think you have said in the past that core count is going to grow mid-to-high teens. And as long as your competitor is not super aggressive on pricing that your business should grow roughly that much as well. Are you expecting or are you already seeing them become a little more aggressive on pricing as they attempt to shore up their share. It sounds like they're getting a bit more aggressive on pricing. So wondering if you still think that the server CPU business can grow in line with that core kind of mid-to-high teens.
Jean Hu : Yes. First, we always assume server CPU is a very competitive market but we currently have the best lineup portfolio from not only Turin generation, but Genoa and then even Milan, we provide the best TCO for our customers based on the product portfolio. So overall, we are actually quite confident about continuing to drive the server CPU businesses not only growing from a unit perspective, ASP perspective and continue to gain share.
Timothy Arcuri : Thanks a lot. And then, Jean can you just give us a sense of where data center GPU came in for December? I'm thinking it's probably in the $2 billion range. And then is it assumed to be down, flat or up, would you be willing to give a number for March? Thanks.
Jean Hu : Yes. I think the way to look at our Q4 performance is our data center business overall did really well. actually is consistent with our expectations. Of course, when we look at the server and the data center GPU, server did better than data center GPU. But overall, it's very consistent with our performance.
Lisa Su : Yes. Maybe I'll just add, Tim, on your question as to what you would expect as we go into 2025. I think you should assume that the first half of 2025 data center segment will be consistent with the second half of '24. And that's true for both businesses on the server side as well as the data center GPU side.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya : Thanks for taking my question. Lisa, a few questions on the data center GPU business. I think last year, AMD was very explicit about setting and beating or meeting expectations. This year, you have not set a specific forecast, and I'm curious what has changed. And then if I go back to your Analyst Day in December, I think at that time, you are sort of long-term 60% CAGR. Is it fair to assume that you can grow at that for '25, right, versus the $5 billion plus that you did last year. So just contrast the two years and then whether AMD can grow at that 60% trendline.
Lisa Su : Sure. So Vivek, thanks for the question. I think what we look at is certainly for the first year of the data center GPU business, we wanted to give some clear progression as it was going. The business is now at scale, actually now at over $5 billion. And as we go into 2025, I think our guidance will be more at the segment level with some color as to some qualitative color as to what's going on between the two businesses. And relative to your question about long-term growth rates, you are absolutely right. I mean I believe that the demand for AI compute is strong. And we've talked about a data center accelerator TAM upwards of $500 billion by the time we get out to 2028. I think all of the recent data points would suggest that there is a strong demand out there. Without guiding for a specific number in 2025, one of the comments that we made is we see this business growing to tens of billions, as we go through the next couple of years. And that gives you a view of the confidence that we have in the business and particularly our road map is getting stronger with each generation, right? So MI300 was a great start. MI350 series is stronger and addresses a broader set of workloads including both inference, as well as training. And then as we get into MI400 series, we see significant traction and excitement around what we can do there with rackscale designs, and address the innovation that's going on there. So yes, we are bullish on the long-term, and we'll certainly give you progress as we go through each quarter in 2025.
Vivek Arya : Thank you, Lisa. And for my follow-up, I would love your perspective on the news from DeepSeek recently, right? And there are kind of two parts to that. One is once you heard the news, do you think that should make us more confident or more conservative about the semiconductor opportunity going forward? Like is there something so disruptive in what they have done, that reduces the overall market opportunity. And then within that, have your views about GPU versus ASIC how that share develops over the next few years? Have those evolved in any way at all? Thank you.
Lisa Su : Yes. Great. Thanks for the question, Vivek. Yes, it's been a pretty exciting first few weeks of the year. I think the DeepSeek announcements, Allen Institute as well as some of the Stargate announcements, talk about just how much the rate and pace of innovation that's happening in the AI world. So specifically relative to DeepSeek. Look, we think that innovation on the models and the algorithms is good for AI adoption. The fact that there are new ways to bring about training and inference capabilities with less infrastructure actually is a good thing because it allows us to continue to deploy AI compute and broader application space and more adoption. I think from our standpoint, we also like very much the fact that – we are big believers in open source. And from that standpoint, having open source models, looking at the rate and pace of adoption there, I think is pretty amazing. And that is how we expect things to go. So to the overall question, of how should we feel about it. I mean, we feel bullish about the overall cycle. And similarly, on some of the infrastructure investments that were announced with open AI and Stargate and building out, let's call it, massive infrastructure for next-generation AI. I think all of those say that AI is certainly on the very steep part of the curve. And as a result we should expect a lot more innovation. And then on the ASIC point, let me address that because I think that is also a place where there is a good amount of discussion. I've always been a believer in you need the right compute for the right workload. And so with AI, given the diversity of workloads, large models, media models, small models, training, inference when you are talking about broad foundational models or very specific models, you're going to need all types of compute. And that includes CPUs, GPUs, ASICs and FPGAs. Relative to our $500 billion plus TAM going out in time, we've always had ASIC as a piece of that. But my belief is, given how much change there is still going on in AI algorithms that ASICs will still be the smaller part of that TAM because it is a more, call it, specific workload optimized, whereas GPUs will enable significant programmability and adjustments to all of these algorithm changes. But when I look at the AMD portfolio, it really is across all of those pieces. So CPUs, GPUs. And we are also involved in a number of ASIC conversations, as well as customers want to really have an overall compute partner.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Buchalter: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Obviously, it was good to see MI355X pulled into midyear. But I wanted to clarify, you said first half '25 data center GPU likely consistent with second half '24, and I was wondering if you could speak to whether or not the shape of the first half changed over the last few months and is potentially related to this pulled in time line, it could be a potential air pocket ahead of that launch? Or this was sort of consistent with how you saw things playing out as MI350 and MI325X ramps more fully? Thank you.
Lisa Su : Yes. Thanks for the question, Joshua. No, I would say from our standpoint, we've gotten incrementally more positive on the 2025 data center GPU ramp. I think MI350 series was in second half always, but pulling it into midyear is an incremental positive. And from a first half, second half statement, as I mentioned, we have some new important AI design wins that are going to be deployed with and MI300 and MI325 in the first half of the year. But with MI350 series, we end up with more content. I mean it is a more powerful GPU, ASPs go up, and you would expect larger deployments that include training and inference in that time frame. So the shape is similar to what we would have expected before.
Joshua Buchalter: Thank you. And believe it or not, I could ask a question on client. Obviously, the growth number in the fourth quarter, I mean, it was certainly higher than our model. Could you clarify the drivers of the strength across desktop, notebook and enterprise? And how we should think about 1Q, and in particular, to put it bluntly, I mean are you worried at all about inventory buildup, given how much your client revenue has outperformed the broader PC market in the second half of the year? Thank you.
Lisa Su : Yes. Thanks for the question. Our client business performed really well throughout 2024 and Q4 was a very strong quarter. There are a couple of reasons for that. So we should go through that. We don't believe there is some substantial inventory buildup. We actually think that what we're seeing is very strong adoption of our new products. So on the desktop side, we saw our highest sell-out in many years, as we went through the holiday season, launching our new gaming CPUs, frankly, they have been constrained in the market, and we've continued shipping very strongly through the month of January as we are catching up with some demand there. So desktop business was very strong. And on the notebook side, we also saw a number of our OEM partners launching new AI PCs with the slew of new bulk mobile part numbers that we announced at CES. We have our strongest PC portfolio on the mobile side with top to bottom Copilot+ PC compatible products, and those are playing very well into the market. So I think Q4 was strong. I know that there was some commentary about whether there were pull-ins relative to tariffs. We didn't see that in the fourth quarter. I think, as I said, we saw strong sellout. Going into the first quarter, we do expect seasonality in there. But the part of our business that is performing better than seasonality is the desktop portion of the business. And the mobile portion of the business is, let's call it, more typical seasonality. But overall, I think we are very bullish on our prospects to grow clients in 2025. Just given all of the drivers from product portfolio to some of the market dynamics, as well as our new commercial PCs portfolio.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur : Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. For the fourth quarter, did your overall server CPU business grow double digits sequentially. And as a follow-on to that, I think Q4 was the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year increases for your on-prem service solutions. On a sequential basis, I know you guys did start to see recovery in enterprise in the second quarter of last year, I think it was strongly up sequentially in the third quarter, a pretty broad base. Did enterprise service grow sequentially in Q4? And Lisa how do you see the share prospects in this segment as you step into 2025?
Lisa Su : Yes, Harlan, thanks for the question. So I think as Jean mentioned earlier, so in the fourth quarter, we did see a sequential double-digit growth in our server business. We saw that in both cloud and enterprise. I think the server business has been performing extremely well. We are continuing to grow our cloud footprint with more workloads, as we have the strength of the churn portfolio in addition to Genoa and Milan. And then to your question on enterprise, I do believe we are seeing some strong traction in the enterprise. I think what's helping us there is, frankly, we've invested a lot more in go-to-market and the go-to-market investments are paying-off. The enterprise sales cycle is often a 6-month to 9-month sales cycle. But as we've invested more resources in it throughout 2024, we've seen that convert into a significant number of new POCs that are now converting into volume deployments. And as we go through into 2025, from a competitiveness standpoint, we have a very strong portfolio across every price point, every core count, every workload. So I think, we see a strong 2025 for [server GPUs] (ph).
Harlan Sur : I appreciate that. Networking is a very critical part of the AI infrastructure becoming even more important. There seems to be this misconception that AMD is behind the curve here, you you're keeping pace kind of leveraging the incumbent Ethernet technology, strong installed ecosystem. You guys are spearheading the UltraNET Ethernet Consortium. You've got your Infinity Fabric technology for scale-up connectivity does you continue to drive customer adoption of your overall AI platforms. What's the feedback been like on your AI networking architectures? And any networking-related innovations the team is going to be bringing to the market this year?
Lisa Su : Yes. Thanks, Harlan, for that question. No question. Networking is an extremely important part of the AI solution, and it's an area that we have been investing and spending quite a bit of effort with our customers and our partners jointly. The way to think about it is that our networking proof points are actually increasing as we are going from MI300 to MI325 to MI350 to MI400. So in each of those points, we are increasing with a number of proof points. I think people want to see more clusters of ours. Certainly, on inference, we've shown great performance and total cost of ownership. We are now also have a number of training systems that we are putting on board. And the important part there is the networking. We have worked very closely with our partners on Ethernet. We believe that this is the right technology for the future. In addition to third-party networking solutions, we are also with our Pensando team developing our own in-house AI NIC that Forrest mentioned at our Q4 advancing AI event. And as we look forward, working with our customers, we are actually standing up full rack solutions at both the MI350 level as well as in the MI400 series. So I think the net of it is we believe that, yes, it is absolutely very important. And in addition to all of the hardware and software work, the system level scaling is super important and we are on track to deliver that with our road map.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Lisa, I just want to follow up the data center GPU business, obviously, very strongly year-over-year, but it seems for your commentary kind of the sequential growth kind of slows for the next kind of three quarters. So I just want to understand the why. Obviously, you have some new products coming. So maybe it's just the shift to the new products. I also want to just ping your brain on in terms of when you look at the ASIC story lines, there tends to be kind of a shift to focus on training versus inference. So just your perspective, I know a lot of your workloads initially were inference. Are you seeing any shift in terms of the demand from your customers between training inference as well?
Lisa Su : Yes. Sure, Blayne. Look, the way I would say it is, we saw a tremendous growth as we build up the data center GPU business throughout 2024. So I think what we're seeing is we are continuing to do new deployments. We're continuing to bring on new customers. Clearly, we are going through a little bit of a product transition time frame in the first-half of the year. But the key is bringing in the MI350 series was very, very important for us and for the customer set. So the fact that, that hardware has come on clean. And we've learned a lot from the initial deployments of MI300, I think, is very positive. And this is as we might expect, given the overall landscape of deployments. And then to the second part of your question, as it relates to ASICs, I really haven't seen a big shift at all in the conversation. I will say that the conversation as it relates to AMD, is kind of the following. People like the work that we've done in inference. But certainly, our customers want to see us as a strong training solution. And that's consistent with what we've said, right? We've said that we have like a step-wise road map to really show each one of those solutions. On the software side, we've invested significantly more in some of those sort of the trading libraries. We talked -- Harlan's question earlier about networking. And then this is about just getting into data centers and ramping up tens of thousands of GPUs. So from my standpoint, I think we are making very good progress there. And I just want to reiterate on the ASIC side, look, I think ASICs are a part of the solution, but there -- I want to remind everyone, they are also a very strong part of the AMD sort of toolbox. So we've done semi-custom solutions for a long-time. We are very involved in a number of ASIC discussions with our customers as well. And what they like to do is, they'd like to take our baseline IP and really innovate on top of that. And that's what I think differentiates our capability is that we do have all of the building blocks of CPUs, GPUs, as well as all of the networking technologies that you would need to put the solutions together.
Matt Ramsey: Operator, I think we have time for two more callers, please.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to ask this a little more explicitly. So you said your server business was up strong double digits sequentially in Q4. My math suggests that could have even meant that the GPU business was down sequentially. And given your guidance for I guess, flattish GPUs in the first half of '25 versus second half of '24. Again, does the math not suggest that you'd be down sequentially both in Q1 and in Q2 to feel like -- Am I doing something wrong with my math? Or like what am I missing here?
Lisa Su : Yes. perhaps Stacy, maybe let me help give you a little bit of color there. I don't think we said strong double-digits. I think we said double digits. So that perhaps is the -- so data center segment was up 9% sequentially. Server was a bit more than that. Data center GPU was a little less than that. I think for some of the models that are out there, you might be a little bit light in the Q3 data center GPU number. So there might be some adjustments that need to be done there. But I think your suggestion would be incorrect. We -- if you just take the halves, second half '24 to first half '25, let's call it roughly flattish, plus or minus. I mean we'll have to see exactly how it goes. But it is going to be a little bit dependent on just when deployments happen. But that's kind of currently what we see.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thanks. And I guess for my follow-up, maybe to follow on there, do you think your exit rate on GPUs in '25 is higher than your exit rate in '24. Are you willing to commit to that?
Lisa Su : Absolutely. But yes, of course. It would be hard to grow strong double digits otherwise, right?
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, thank you so much for squeezing me in. Lisa, I had a question on the server CPU business. I'm curious how you're thinking about the market this year? And if you can delineate between cloud and enterprise, that would be really helpful. And then kind of part B to that question. In your prepared remarks, you talked about you all having more than 50% share across the major hyperscalers. How would you characterize the competitive intensity at those customers vis-a-vis some of the internal custom silicon that's expected to ramp over the coming quarters and years?
Lisa Su : Sure, Toshiya. So let me say, as we look into 2025, I think we see a good server market between cloud and enterprise. I think as we went into sort of the early part of '24, there was a little bit of, let's call it, less investments on the CPU side as people were optimizing investments for AI. We saw that sort of pick up in the second half of the year in '24, and we would expect that to go into '25. So the enterprise refresh cycles are coming in again. And certainly, there are a number of cloud vendors that are now, let's call it, reupdating some of their data centers. And then your second question was, as it relates to --.
Toshiya Hari: [Competitive custom silicon] (ph).
Lisa Su : Yes. Look, I think it's about the same. What I would say, Toshiya is, it is less about custom silicon versus x86. It is much more about do you have the right product for the right workload. And look, the server market is always a competitive market. What we've done, and you've seen it in our Zen 4 product line as well as in our Zen 5 product-line. We've expanded the design points for each of the core generation so that we have cloud native and then we have enterprise optimized low core count, high core count, highest performance, best perf per dollar. And I think as we do those things, I think we’re continuing to grow share across both cloud and enterprise. And look, it is always very competitive. We take every design win with very seriously, but we are winning our fair share. And I think that's the strength of the product portfolio. And also, I think there is a good amount of trust for our delivery capability as we've built up our sort of our franchise over the last number of years.
Toshiya Hari: That's great. And then as a quick follow-up, maybe one for Jean. So you're guiding gross margin to 54% in the first quarter. I'm curious what some of the major puts and takes are and those are the things that we should be cognizant of going into Q2 and more importantly, the second half. Given your data center commentary skewed more to the second half, I would expect margins to improve in the second half. But yes, if you can kind of run through the pluses and minuses, that would be really helpful. Thank you.
Jean Hu : Yes. Thanks for the question. You are right. Our gross margin is primarily driven by our revenue mix, I think when you look at looking to 2025, Q1 guide, not only data center continued to grow significantly year-over-year. At the same time, client business is also growing year-over-year. So overall, the revenue mix is quite consistent with the Q4. So the gross margin guide is 54%. I think for the first half, if the revenue mix is at this level, we do feel the gross margin will be consistent with 54%. But going into second half, we do believe the data center is our fastest growth driver for the company and that will drive the gross margin to step up in second half.
Matt Ramsey : All right. With that, I think we are ready to close the call now, operator. I just wanted to say thank you to everybody that listened and participated today and for your interest in AMD. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce you, Mitch Haws, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mitch. You may begin.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's third quarter 2024 financial results conference call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and the accompanying slides. If you have not had the chance to review these materials, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and the slides posted on our website. Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Forrest Norrod, Executive Vice President and General Manager, Data Center Business Solutions, will attend the UBS Annual Technology Conference on Tuesday, December 3, and Jean Hu will attend the Barclays Global TMT Conference on Thursday, December 12. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. With that, I'll hand the call over to Lisa.
Dr. Lisa Su: Thank you, Mitch, and good afternoon to all those listening today. We delivered strong top- and bottom-line growth in the third quarter with revenue coming in above expectations, driven by record Instinct and EPYC product sales and robust demand for our Ryzen PC processors. Third quarter revenue increased 18% year-over-year to a record $6.8 billion as significantly higher Data Center and Client Processor sales more than offset declines in Gaming and Embedded product sales. We expanded gross margin by 2.5 percentage points and increased earnings per share by 31% year-over-year as Data Center segment revenue more than doubled. Turning to the segments. Data Center segment revenue increased 122% to a record $3.5 billion. We believe we gained server CPU share in the quarter as Enterprise wins accelerated. Cloud providers expanded their use of EPYC CPUs across their infrastructure, and we began the initial ramp of fifth-gen EPYC processors. EPYC has become the CPU of choice for the modern data center and our multi-generation product portfolio delivers leadership performance and significant TCO advantages across virtually every enterprise and cloud workload. In cloud, EPYC CPUs are deployed at scale to power many of the most important services, including Office 365, Facebook, Teams, Salesforce, SAP, Zoom, Uber, Netflix and many more. Meta alone has deployed more than 1.5 million EPYC CPUs across their global data center fleet to power their social media platforms. Cloudflare selected general X processors with our industry-leading 3D chiplet stacking technology to power their next-generation servers that support twice as many requests per second and deliver 60% higher performance per watt versus their prior generation. Public cloud instances increased 20% year-over-year to more than 950 as Microsoft, AWS and others launched or expanded their EPYC processor-powered offerings in the quarter. EPYC Instance adoption with Enterprise customers also grew in the quarter, highlighted by wins with Adobe, Boeing, Micron Nestle Slack, Synopsys, Tata and others. In the Enterprise, sales grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year for the fifth straight quarter as EPYC CPU adoption accelerated and sell-through momentum grew. Dell, HPE, Lenovo and others have expanded the number of fourth-gen EPYC platforms they offer by 50% in the last year. There are now more than 200 different EPYC solutions available that are optimized for a broad range of enterprise and edge workloads. We are building strong momentum with large Enterprise customers, highlighted in the third quarter by wins with large technology, energy, financial services and automotive companies in the quarter, including Airbus, Daimler Truck, FedEx, HSBC, Siemens, Walgreens and others. We launched our next-generation Turin family earlier this month that delivers absolute performance and TCO leadership across both Enterprise scale up and Cloud-native scale-out workloads. Turin has already set more than 130 performance records for virtualization, database, AI, business applications and energy efficiency with the full EPYC portfolio accounting for more than 500 performance World Records. More than 130 fifth-gen EPYC enterprise platforms are in development from all the leading server OEMs and ODMs. These new servers complement existing fourth-gen EPYC platforms providing a top to bottom stack of platforms optimized for a broad range of business applications. In Cloud, Google and OCI announced plans to launch fifth-gen EPYC instances early next year, and we expect broad adoption with our largest cloud customers based on the significant performance and efficiency advantages of Turin. As an example, Oracle's Turin instances delivered 35% higher performance per core, 33% faster memory speeds and double the networking bandwidth delivering a level of compute performance and capability that is only possible with EPYC CPUs. Looking ahead, we are very well positioned for continued growth in share gains based on the strength of our broad EPYC portfolio and the momentum we have built with Cloud and Enterprise customers. We also took a major step in the quarter to advance the x86 architecture, forming an ecosystem advisory group with Intel, several industry luminaries and the largest cloud PC and enterprise leaders to accelerate innovation by driving consistency and compatibility across both the x86 instruction set and architectural interfaces and ensuring we evolve x86 as a compute platform of choice for developers and customers. Turning to our Data Center AI business, Data Center GPU revenue ramped as MI300X adoption expanded with cloud, OEM and AI customers. Microsoft and Meta expanded their use of MI 300X accelerators to power their internal workloads in the quarter. Microsoft is now using MI 300X broadly for multiple co-pilot services powered by the family of GPT 4 models. Meta announced they have optimized and broadly deployed MI 300X to power their inferencing infrastructure at scale, including using MI300X exclusively to serve all live traffic for the most demanding Llama 405B frontier model. We are also working closely with Meta to expand their Instinct deployments to other workloads where MI300X offers TCO advantages, including training. MI300X public cloud instance availability expanded in the quarter with Microsoft, Oracle Cloud and multiple AI specialized cloud providers now offering Instinct instances with leadership performance and TCO for many of the most widely used models. Instinct cloud instance adoption is strong with multiple start-ups and industry leaders adopting MI300 instances to power their models and services, including Essential AI, Fireworks AI, Luma AI and Databricks. On the AI software front, since launching MI300 10 months ago, we have expanded functionality at every layer of the ROCm stack and increase the number of models that run out of the box on Instinct accelerators to more than 1 million, enabling customers to get up and running as fast as possible with maximum out-of-the-box performance. With the release of ROCm 6.2 last quarter, MI300x inferencing performance has improved 2.4x since launch, and trading performance has increased 80%. We are working closely with a growing number of marquee Cloud and Enterprise customers to fine-tune their specific inferencing workloads for MI300 with many customers seeing 30% higher performance compared to competitive offerings, and we continue to expand our work with the open-source community, broadening support for key frameworks like JAX, libraries like vLLM and hardware-agnostic compilers like Triton. At our advancing AI event earlier this month, we were excited to be joined by the creators and leaders of some of the most important AI software technologies who have added foundational support for ROCm into Triton, the Llama Stack, SGLang, vLLM and TensorFlow and are working to enable broader open-source community work with Instinct platforms. With this growing support from the broader AI software ecosystem and the significant advances we have made in our software stack, ROCm now provides AI developers with a truly open software alternative that has been deployed and validated at scale. To expand our AI systems capabilities, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire ZT Systems, one of the leading providers of AI infrastructure to the world's largest hyperscale computing companies. The ZT team complements our silicon and software capabilities with critical systems expertise needed to deliver rack and cluster level solutions. With ZT we will be able to design and validate our next-gen AI silicon and systems in parallel, greatly accelerating time to deploy instant accelerators at data center scale. Customer feedback has been very positive as the ZT acquisition enabled hyperscale customers to rapidly deploy AMD AI infrastructure at scale and provides OEMs and ODMs with optimized board and module designs for a wide range of differentiated Enterprise solutions. On the regulatory front, we made good progress as we recently passed the HSR waiting period required for U.S. approval. We remain on track to close the acquisition in the first half of 2025. As a reminder, we plan to divest ZT's industry-leading U.S.-based data center infrastructure manufacturing business at the close of the transaction and are pleased that we have received significant interest from a number of parties to date. Looking ahead, we launched our next-gen MI325X GPU earlier this month that extends our memory capacity and bandwidth advantages and delivers up to 20% higher inferencing performance compared to H200 and competitive training performance. Customer and partner interest for MI325X is high. Production shipments are planned to start this quarter with widespread system availability from Dell, HP, Lenovo, Super Micro and others starting in the first quarter of 2025. Longer term, we have successfully accelerated our product development pace to deliver an annual cadence of new Instinct products. Our next-gen MI350-series silicon is looking very good and is on track to launch in the second half of 2025 with the largest generational increase in AI performance we have ever delivered. Development on our MI400 series based on the CDNA Next architecture is also progressing very well towards a 2026 launch. We have built significant momentum across our data center AI business with deployments increasing across an expanding set of Cloud, Enterprise and AI customers. As a result, we now expect Data Center GPU revenue to exceed $5 billion in 2024, up from $4.5 billion we guided in July and our expectation of $2 billion when we started the year. Turning to our Client segment. Revenue was $1.9 billion, an increase of 29% year-over-year, driven by strong demand for our latest generation Zen 5 notebook and desktop processors. Desktop channel sales grew by a significant double-digit percentage led by the launch of our Ryzen 9000 series processors that deliver leadership productivity, gaming and content creation performance. We are seeing strength across our Ryzen desktop portfolio and are on track to launch our next-gen Ryzen 9,000 X3D processors in November with leadership gaming performance. In mobile, Ryzen AI 300 Series sales ramped significantly from the prior quarter as Acer, HP, Lenovo, Asus and others announced new consumer and commercial notebooks with leadership compute and AI performance. We made good progress expanding our presence in the commercial PC market in the quarter, closing multiple large deals with AstraZeneca, Bayer, Mazda, Shell, Volkswagen and other Enterprise customers. We also launched our Ryzen AI Pro 300 Series family, the first CPUs with enterprise-class security, manageability and AI capabilities for CoPilot Plus PCs. HP and Lenovo are on track to more than triple the number of Ryzen AI Pro platforms they offer in 2024, and we expect to have more than 100 Ryzen AI Pro commercial platforms in market next year, positioning us well for share gains as businesses refresh the hundreds of millions of Windows 10 PCs that will no longer receive Microsoft technical support starting in 2025. Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue declined 69% year-over-year to $462 million. Semi-custom sales declined as Microsoft and Sony reduced channel inventory. Sony announced the PS5 Pro with significant increases in graphics and ray tracing performance and AI-driven upscaling, featuring a new AMD semi-custom SoC that extends our multigenerational partnership. In Gaming Graphics, revenue declined year-over-year as we prepare for a transition to our next-gen Radeon GPUs based on our RDNA 4 architecture. In addition to a strong increase in gaming performance, RDNA 4 delivers significantly higher ray tracing performance and adds new AI capabilities. We are on track to launch the first RDNA 4 GPUs in early 2025. Turning to our Embedded segment, third quarter revenue decreased 25% year-over-year to $927 million. Embedded demand continues recovering gradually, led by strength in test and emulation offset by ongoing softness in the industrial market. Momentum continues building for our differentiated Versal family of adaptive SoCs, led by strong demand for our Versal premium VP 1902, which is the world's largest adaptive SoC in FPGA that is powering multiple platforms for all three of the largest EDA vendors. Our Versal portfolio is also being adopted broadly across multiple aerospace customers. As one example, SpaceX recently launched their latest generation broadband satellites powered by Versal AI Core adaptive SoCs. To build on this momentum, we taped out Telluride last quarter, the first product in our second-gen Versal family that delivers up to 10x more compute and enables AI application acceleration on a single chip. Design win momentum is very strong across our portfolio, tracking to grow more than 20% year-over-year in 2024 and positioning us well to grow our embedded business faster than the overall market in the coming years. In summary, the business accelerated in the third quarter, and we expect strong demand for our Instinct EPYC and Ryzen processors to result in another quarter of significant year-over-year growth. Taking a step back, this month marks my 10th anniversary as AMD's CEO. In the last 10 years, we have successfully completed multiple arcs. First, by turning the Company around and setting the solid financial and operational foundation required for sustained growth. And then by transforming AMD into the high-performance and adaptive computing leader. While I'm incredibly proud of what we've accomplished, I'm even more excited about the unprecedented growth opportunities in front of us. Looking out over the next several years, we see significant growth opportunities across our Data Center, Client and Embedded businesses driven by the nearly insatiable demand for more compute. Each of these opportunities is amplified exponentially by the rapid adoption of AI, and -- which is enabling new experiences that will make high-performance computing and even more essential part of our daily lives. In the Data Center alone, we expect the AI accelerator TAM will grow at more than 60% annually to $500 billion in 2028. To put that in context, this is roughly equivalent to annual sales for the entire semiconductor industry in 2023. Beyond the Data Center, we are adding leadership AI capabilities across our product portfolio and partnering deeply with a broad ecosystem of partners to deliver differentiated AI solutions at scale. This is an incredibly exciting time for AMD as the breadth of our technology and product portfolios combined with our deep customer relationships and diversity of markets we address, provide us with a unique opportunity as we execute our next arc and make AMD the end-to-end AI leader. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide some additional color on our third quarter results. Jean?
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results and then provide our current outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. We are very pleased with our strong third quarter financial results. On a year-over-year basis, Data Center segment revenue more than doubled and the Client segment revenue grew 29%. We expanded gross margin by 250 basis points and drove earnings per share growth of 31%. For the third quarter of 2024, revenue was $6.8 billion, up 18% year-over-year and the revenue -- as revenue growth in our Data Center and Client segment was partially offset by lower revenue in our Gaming and Embedded segment. Revenue increased 17% sequentially, primarily driven by growth in our Data Center and Client segment. Gross margin was 54%, up 250 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by higher data center segment revenue. Operating expenses were $1.96 billion, an increase of 15% year-over-year as we continue to invest in R&D and go-to-market activities. Operating income was $1.7 billion, representing a 25% operating margin. Taxes, interest expense and other was $211 million. Diluted earnings per share was $0.92, an increase of 31% year-over-year and 33% sequentially. Now turning to our reportable segments. Starting with the Data Center. Data Center delivered record quarterly segment revenue of $3.5 billion, up 122%, nearly a $2 billion increase year-over-year and an increase of 25% sequentially. Growth in revenue was led primarily by the strong ramp of AMD Instinct GPU shipment and growth in AMD EPYC CPU sales. The Data Center segment accounted for 52% of total revenue in the third quarter. Data Center segment operating income was $1 billion or 29% of revenue compared to $306 million or 19% a year ago. Data Center segment operating income more than tripled compared to the prior year, driven by higher revenue and operating leverage. Client segment revenue was $1.9 billion, up 29% year-over-year and 26% sequentially, driven primarily by strong demand for our Zen 5 AMD Ryzen processors. Client segment operating income was $276 million or 15% of revenue compared to operating income of $140 million a year ago or 10% of revenue, primarily driven by higher revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses. Gaming segment revenue was $462 million, down 69% year-over-year and 29% sequentially, primarily due to a decrease in semi customer revenue. Gaming segment operating income was $12 million or 2% of revenue compared to $208 million or 14% a year ago. Embedded segment revenue was $927 million, down 25% year-over-year as customers continue to normalize their inventory levels. Revenue increased 8% sequentially as demand improved in several end markets. Embedded segment operating income was $372 million or 40% of revenue compared to $612 million or 49% a year ago. Turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $628 million in cash from operations and the free cash flow was $496 million. Excluding certain nonrecurring payments related to acquisitions from operating cash flows, our free cash flow was $619 million. Inventory increased sequentially by $383 million to $5.4 billion, primarily to support the continued ramp of Data Center segment products. At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment was $4.5 billion. In the third quarter, we returned $250 million of cash to shareholders, repurchasing 1.8 million shares, and we have $4.9 billion of authorization remaining. Now turning to our fourth quarter of 2024 outlook. We expect revenue to be approximately $7.5 billion, plus or minus $300 million, up 22% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in our Data Center and Client segment, more than offset decline in the Gaming and Embedded segments. We expect revenue to be up approximately 10% sequentially, driven primarily by growth across Data Center, Client and the Gaming segment. In addition, we expect fourth quarter non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 54%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $2.05 billion. Non-GAAP other net income to be $17 million, non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13% and the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.64 billion shares. In closing, we're pleased with our strong execution in the third quarter. We delivered record revenue, along with the strong year-over-year expansion in gross margin and earnings per share growth. Looking ahead, we are very well positioned to deliver another record quarter of revenue in the fourth quarter, driven by continued momentum in our data center and client segments. Importantly, we are making a strategic investment at position AMD as the end-to-end AI infrastructure leader and drive long-term profitable growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Mitch for the Q&A session.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Jean. Let's poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mitch. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: My first one is on the Data Center GPU business. Lisa, you took up your '24 outlook by $500 million. Curious what drove the change there? And more importantly, as you look forward into calendar '25, I doubt you're going to give us quantitative guidance on this call. But conceptually, how are you thinking about growth in your Instinct between your large cloud customers and your Enterprise customers? And if you can speak to the possibility of adding new customers within cloud, again, specific to Instinct, that would be really helpful.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure. Toshiya, thank you for the question. So first of all, we had a very strong quarter for the Data Center overall in Q3 and especially for the Instinct product portfolio. We actually completed some important customer milestones, and we were able to ramp a bit above our initial expectations. So, Data Center GPU was very strong in the third quarter, and we raised overall guidance for the year from exceeding $4.5 billion to exceeding $5 billion based on the completion of some of those customer milestones. So, we feel good about the trajectory as we go through the end of this year. And then to your overall question about 2025. At a high level, look, we feel very good about the market from everything that we see, talking to customers, there's significant investment in trying to build out the infrastructure required across all of the AI workloads. And then within that, our product portfolio is getting stronger with the annual cadence, launching 325 later this quarter and 355 in the second half of next year. And then in terms of customers, our customer engagements are actually broadening quite well. So -- and it's broadening in two ways. So certainly, cloud -- our largest Cloud customers are broadening the set of workloads that they're running on AMD Instinct. And we're also very engaged with a number of large cloud and Enterprise customers that are actively working with us and optimizing their workloads, and we would expect those would be good opportunities for us over the next couple of quarters as well.
Toshiya Hari: Great. And then a quick follow-up, maybe one for Jean on gross margin. You're guiding Q4 gross margin essentially flat sequentially, if you can walk through the puts and takes there, that would be really helpful. And then again, as you look forward into '25, you're kind of speaking to continued Data Center growth. One would think the Embedded business hopefully begins to recover. And then within some of your businesses like server CPU, I would expect Enterprise to grow perhaps faster off a low base. So, I do think you have a lot going for you from a gross margin standpoint. But are those points valid? And what should we be thinking about in terms of potential headwinds as well?
Jean Hu: Yes. Thank you for that question. First, we are very pleased with our Q3 gross margin performance. We delivered 53.6% and we are guiding approximately 54% in Q4. In general, when you look at 2024, our gross margin improvement has been primarily driven by the mix, especially Data Center business continue to be the strong growth driver of our business, it's accounting for more than 50% of our revenue mix, that helps us to improve gross margin. Going to 2025, we're not going to guide specifically. But as you mentioned, the outputs and takes that will help us going forward I would say first is, going forward, the largest growth driver is our Data Center business, both the CPU side, the GPU side, and you are absolutely right, we see our Enterprise Server business continue to expand. That will be a tailwind on gross margin side. And secondly, Embedded business is recovering and gradually, but that will also help us with our gross margin. At the same time, we are also seeing our client business expansion nicely. Client business today is more focused on consumer side, which tend to be below corporate average. That's something headwind we'll deal with. And lastly, I would say our team has done a great job to continue to improve operational efficiency. When we scale the Company next year, you can see we're going to benefit from economics of scale to continue to drive our operational efficiency to improve gross margin.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I'll do two as well. I guess maybe building on the latter point that you just made, I'm curious of how you would characterize your supply chain having evolved now talking about $5-plus billion. How do we think about what you've been doing on the supply side, given the lead times, the production cycles of these MI300 and MI325 GPUs as we look out into 2025? And I have another question.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. So, look, I've been very happy with how our supply chain has ramped over the last number of quarters. Clearly, it's a tight supply environment, but we've done a great job getting -- ensuring that we have capacity across the entire supply chain. Again, that was part of the reason for the higher revenue in the third quarter around our Instinct business, just both customer demand as well supply chain improvement. And going into the next few quarters going into 2025, I think we expect that the environment will continue to be tight, but we've also planned for significant growth going into 2025. And so, we feel good about our overall supply chain capability.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. And then as a quick follow-up, when I look at the sequential guidance in revenue at the midpoint, let's call it about $680 million up sequentially. Could you help us frame how much of that is driven by Client versus the Data Center piece of the business?
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. So certainly, if you look at the sequential guide, the largest contributor is the Data Center business. And that is now such a large piece of our business, it's over 50% of our business in Q3, and it will continue to grow in Q4. Client segment, we also expect to perform well. I think we've done very well with our launches this year, both on the desktop Zen 5 launches as well as the notebook AI PC launches. So, we expect growth there. And then the other segments on a sequential basis, Gaming, Embedded would be more modest.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Lisa, congrats on the 10-year anniversary. Jean, when you gave the segment guidance kind of playing off the last question, you didn't mention Embedded as being up. And then, Lisa, you just talked about it being up left. Just curious, I know it's kind of a muted recovery. But what's happening in the Embedded business implied in your fourth quarter guidance? And how are you thinking about 2025 just directionally?
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Ross. Let me start, and then maybe Jean can add. Look, we've seen some improvement in the Embedded business. You saw some improvement in the sequential in Q3. We expect some modest improvement in Q4. What we're seeing is really a mix across the different subsegments in Embedded. There are some segments that are stronger. So, our test and emulation business actually did very well. We're ramping our new Versal platform there. Aerospace and defense did well, also continues to be relatively strong. Communications has not seen much recovery. So, I would say that, that's still fairly muted. And industrial is also a little bit on the softer side. So, between all of those, we expect a little bit of growth into Q4, and let's call it, modest growth in 2025, but we're planning for it to be a little bit mixed amongst the segments, maybe, Jean, if you want to add?
Jean Hu: No, I think you covered.
Ross Seymore: Great. And I guess for my follow-up, just on the EPYC business. You've done incredibly well there, Lisa. Have you seen any kind of loosening up of the crowding out effect with the -- well, in your case, the Instinct side taking demand away from the EPYC side? It doesn't seem to have slowed you down much this year. You're still up by my math, maybe 33% or so. And how are you thinking about that kind of CPU versus GPU dynamic from a customer spend perspective as we look into '25?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. Sure. Let me talk a little bit about the Data Center CPU business. Look, we've been extremely pleased with the progress there. I think the market environment has certainly gotten better over the last couple of quarters. We've seen some of the large cloud customers now sort of adding to their data center capacity and refreshes. We've seen enterprises also start with some of their modernization activities. Within that sort of market environment, our product portfolio has done extremely well. So, here in the third quarter, the Zen 4 portfolio between Genoa and Bergamo was very strong. We saw the beginning ramp of our Zen 5 Turin capabilities. And then we also actually saw pretty good demand even on Zen 3 or our Milan family just given the performance of price ratios there. So overall, we have a very strong top to bottom stack, and we do see some strength in the overall server market, which adds to some of the AI opportunity that we have.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Reitzes: Yes. If I could stick to the pattern of two. I want to follow up a little bit on servers and thanks for the question. Going to next year, it seems like you're poised for more share gains. And I was just wondering there is a perception that GPUs are cannibalizing the servers. But what are you seeing specifically in Turin? Is it -- with this momentum that you're talking about, is it the right CPU for a GPU are hyperscalers in particular liking the fact you can consolidate and create more room for AI gear? What is the particular catalyst? And what that you're seeing out there with this upgrade?
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Ben. So, I think when I look at Turin and the environment going into 2025, Turin is actually very well optimized for sort of the broad set of server workloads or traditional CPU workloads, including both scale-up and scale-out workloads. So, I think that is very positive. We believe that there will be strong AI content on CPUs, and that helps Turin as well. It's also an important piece of the head node of any GPU configuration. So overall, I think those are all good catalyst for us. And primarily, we're at this point where we're expanding the workloads in general as we are working with our largest cloud customers, and we're making strong progress in Enterprise, which has been very important for us. The Enterprise sale takes longer. There's a significant amount of POC work and just making sure that CIOs are familiar with our offerings. But I think between our Zen 4, Zen 5 offerings now we really have a very broad portfolio that satisfies the vast majority of the traditional CPU workloads.
Ben Reitzes: Okay. And then I just want to follow up on the PC market. There's -- just you guys keep outperforming, but there's just general concerns that -- of consumer weakness. And I was just wondering what you're seeing in the 4Q and is there a risk of more than seasonal decline in the 1Q? Or do you feel like things will keep going unabated in the PC market for you guys, particularly?
Dr. Lisa Su: Well, we see a few things in the PC market. So, our business tends to be more consumer weighted. So, the second half of the year is usually stronger than the first half of the year. And this year, that's added to the fact that we have a couple of product launches. So, we launched our desktop products for -- with Zen 5 and our Ryzen 9000 series. And we also launched our AI PC next-generation Ryzen AI 300 products. So, I think the combination of those two have given us, let's call it, a stronger than the normal second half of the year. I would expect there will be seasonality going into the first half. That's typical in our business. I think the main point is, I mean, this is the strongest PC portfolio we've had sort of in our history, I think, across desktop and notebook. And as we go into 2025, I think there's generally some optimism about the PC market, let's call it, maybe growing mid-single digits. And within that, we have the AI PC catalyst as well as some of the Windows 10 sort of end of support coming in 2025 as catalysts. So, I think we feel good about the PC market in 2025, but we would expect some level of seasonality going into the first half of the year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Buchalter: I'll keep it to one since I'm new here. On the Data Center GPU side, I realize everyone wants new customer announcements and 2025 guidance, but we're not going to get that, certainly not today. That maybe you could speak to how much of a runway you think exists at existing customers? And how much of a catalyst MI325X on CDNA3 and then MI355 on the new architecture can be to growing revenue and workload breadth internally and externally at these existing customers as we think about growth into next year at the Data Center GPU side?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Joshua. Thanks for the question. So, look, maybe let me start again with this notion of we're very pleased with the progress that we've made in the Data Center GPU business. I mean, if you think about when we started the year, we were just launching MI300. We had talked about perhaps $2 billion of revenue in 2024. And as we've gone through the last few quarters, what we've done is we've successfully completed a number of customer milestones. And those customer milestones include things like ensuring that we are at scale in data centers, meeting all of the reliability requirements and so on and so forth as well as optimizing on specific workloads and ensuring that we have very, very performant -- out-of-the-box performance. So, I think we have gained a lot of confidence over the last couple of quarters, just seeing how the customers have ramped. I know everyone would like it to go faster. We think it's actually going really well. And being able to talk about exceeding $5 billion of revenue in 2024, I think we feel really good about that. Going into 2025, we feel great about the market. The market continues to be the place where there's a significant CapEx investment. We feel great about our product portfolio. It is getting stronger with everything that we've learned off of the MI300 ramp. And then in particular, on the software side, we have greatly increased our customer support, customer engagements, out-of-box performance, open-source ecosystem, all of those components that are necessary to ensure that customers can run at scale, at performance at a great TCO. So, all those together, I think we have a good opportunity to grow at our current customers with the number of workloads. You heard Meta talking at our event about expanding from inference on their large language models with Llama 3.1 to some training workloads. Microsoft has also been a very, very great partner with that. And then you should assume that we are working with all the large customers out there, and many of them are very deep engagements with us to continue to optimize their software to our hardware. So, those are the opportunities in front of us.
Joshua Buchalter: And congrats on an amazing decade at AMD.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: I had a quick one and then a more intensive question. So, the first one is I wanted to ask about the September actuals for Data Center GPU. It seems like it was in the $1.5 billion range. And that would put December in kind of the $2 billion range. Is that about, right?
Dr. Lisa Su: So, it's a pretty granular question, Timothy. But maybe let me help you with this. We actually did better in the Data Center GPU business relative to our initial expectations. So, you would imagine that the business was actually greater than $1.5 billion. I mean we're actually seeing now our GPU business really approaching the scale of our CPU business.
Timothy Arcuri: Great. And then just kind of more broadly on the shape of next year. I mean you see that the market with these big customers, how do you see the shape of revenue off of that Q4 number? Can you continue to grow off that level? Or do you see some risk maybe of a pause next year? And I ask because MI355 is dropping into the existing infrastructure, and I think you did say you'll have a liquid cooled option, but you do hear about some customers wanting rack scale. So, I wonder if you worry a bit about there could be a pause before you get to rack scale in 2026.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. I guess I would put it like this. I mean, look, this business is -- there's a lot of activity going on, and we're spending time with customers as they're building out their data centers, some preferred air-cooled environments, liquid cooled environments, some want rack scale, some are perfectly happy to go into their existing data center infrastructure. So, there are lots of different variants. What I would say about 2025 is we feel very good about the growth opportunities I would say that it might be lumpy. In general, these are large customer acquisitions and it's not always predictable exactly which quarters you would expect the significant build out. But I think overall, we feel good about the trajectory into 2025. That's helpful.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Moore: I wonder if you could talk about the $5 billion of AI revenue, how that breaks down between training and inference, if you're able to assess that and just I know you sort of started off with most of the traction in inference, but you've seen some traction on the training side. Can you just talk about what that split looks like going forward as well?
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Joe. So certainly, from the $5 billion that we're talking about, the early traction has been primarily with inference just given the strength of the product portfolio. MI300 is like very, very well optimized for inference given the memory capacity and memory bandwidth capabilities. But we have had some training adoption, and we expect that, that will continue to grow as we go through the next few quarters. And so, as we -- let's call it fast forward a year, I would say we would have a fairly balanced portfolio between training and inference.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: I had two. So, Lisa, for the first one, how do you address this investor argument that MI is off to a great start, but spec-wise, remains kind of one year behind the industry leader, right? You're shipping something comparable to Hopper while they are starting to ship Blackwell next year when you are at MI350, they will be on Blackwell Ultra or Rubin. So how do you see AMD closing that gap? And can you really gain share until that gap is closed?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. Vivek, I actually don't see that. So maybe let me state it in another way. I think MI300, when we launched it was behind H100, H100 was in the market for a longer time. And we have with our accelerated road map actually closed a good part of that gap. I think MI325 is a great product. It's going to compete very well with H200 and the MI350 series will compete very well with Blackwell. In the overarching view of the world, frankly, the market -- the market continues to be constrained, particularly in the newer product generations. It takes a long time to go from, let's call it, shipping your first samples to actually ramping in volume production workloads. And I think one of the advantages that we have with the -- with our portfolio is that from a data center retrofit standpoint, it's actually a much easier ramp, just the infrastructure is the same. So, look, there are lots of opportunities across the set of AI workloads. We think this road map is actually strengthening over time, and that's the feedback that we're getting from our customers.
Vivek Arya: And for my follow-up, Lisa, back to the question on the PC market. So, it was up -- or the client was up 26% sequentially. I think you are guiding to some growth in Q4 as well. How do you see the state of the channel? And I ask that just because sell-through in Q3 was not that great. And I think Intel had guided down their Q3 to be flat or down. So just how much of the growth that you are seeing is because of ASPs? How much of this is units? And as you look out to 2025, do you think the ASP strength that we have seen this year, can that mix benefit continue for you in '25 also?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. Vivek, the way I would say it is our client business has a few factors that may be slightly different from the overall market. So let me start with our desktop channel. I think our share is very high in the desktop channel. And we've done very well there. So, we saw strength across that portfolio in Q3. We actually saw some of our highest sell-through, so it was a strong sell-through quarter. And obviously, it shows in the revenue results. I think on the notebook standpoint, our business tends to be more heavily consumer weighted and so that is more of a second half story. There is good momentum around AI PCs. I mean we've looked at some of the activation rates of our newest risen AI300 processors and the activation rates are good. It's still very early in the AI PC cycle, but we are seeing some good momentum there. So, I think we'll see both units up and the ASPs will depend a little bit on the mix between Consumer and Enterprise and Desktop and Notebooks. But my earlier comment about the Client segment, I think it is an opportunity for us. We are underrepresented in the Client segment. And we see an opportunity to grow both in consumer as well as Enterprise.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur: Lisa, on your core EPYC business, you did start to see recovery in Enterprise last quarter. It was broad-based across many verticals. You've also got a growing share dynamic as well, right? And it sounds like that trend continued in the September quarter. Do you anticipate continued follow-through in terms of quarter-on-quarter growth this quarter for Enterprise? And then maybe what sort of Enterprise and general cloud demand trends are you seeing out of China?
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure. So, Harlan, thanks for the question. We did see positive growth momentum here in the third quarter in Enterprise. We are getting broader adoption and we're seeing that growth both in on-prem deployments as well as cloud third-party deployments. And so, we're very happy with sort of the adoption of our cloud instances when people are doing migrations, they're migrating from on-prem to cloud, they're migrating to AMD or they're migrating from older cloud instances to newer cloud instances. We're seeing migrations to AMD. So, I think that helps us in both the Enterprise segment as well as the Cloud segment. As we go forward into the fourth quarter, I think we are expecting another quarter of growth on a sequential basis for our Server business and strength in both Enterprise and Cloud. And I think as we think about our opportunities going forward, the Enterprise business is a place where we have been underrepresented. I think our portfolio has strengthened. So, the platforms that are being offered by the OEMs have broadened with not just Zen 4, but also with the Zen 5 portfolio launch. And so, I think those are opportunities for us in 2025.
Jean Hu: Yes. On your China question, we are underrepresented in China market in the service side. So as Lisa said, that's another opportunity for us to continue to gain share.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: For the first one, I wanted to go back to what you said about the size of the Data Center GPUs in the quarter. You said it was approaching the size of your compute business which you put around what under $1.7 billion, maybe a little more. And number, is that right? And like if that is right, it implies that at $5 billion for the year, you'd actually be down in Q4. So, I'd probably got to be $5.2 billion or $5.3 billion for the full year, just to be flat sequentially and more than that to get growth. So, I guess the question is number one, is that the size of the business that you're talking about in Q3? And is that the kind of level of growth you're thinking into Q4? Like how should we think about that?
Dr. Lisa Su: Right, Stacy. So first, a couple of things. You have to remember that in our Data Center segment, we have some other revenue that is not CPUs and GPUs, right? We have some FPGAs and other things. But the question earlier was the revenue of $1.5 billion, and I said that it was greater than $1.5 billion. So, take that as a fundamental. And then as -- we talked about -- we didn't guide an exact number for the data center GPU. We said exceed $5 billion. And so, you should assume that it exceeds $5 billion.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. For my follow-up, you talked a little bit about lumpiness next year, is there any kind of seasonality or something that I to be thinking about specifically into Q1 for Data Center GPU? I know you have like the MI300, I guess, ramping into production at that point. But should I be thinking about a seasonal -- like seasonality into Q1 given the general statement on lumpiness?
Dr. Lisa Su: I wasn't implying something about seasonality of the Data Center GPU business. I was implying more that if you think about the evolution of the business, it depends quite a bit on a specific number of customers. So, these are large customers that drive deployments. Like for example, the third quarter was a bit higher than we expected. That was driven by some additional customer demand, and we may see that type of lumpiness. So that was what I was implying. And we'll have to see how things evolve as we get into 2025.
Operator: We have time for two more questions. The next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Harsh Kumar: Lisa, first of all, congratulations on your 10-year anniversary. I just looked at the 10-year chart, the stock is around $3, so a heck of a job here. And also, congratulations on $5 billion in Instinct revenues. So, I wanted to ask the first question. This is one we get from investors all the time. In the coming year, let's say, 2025, your key competitor will take most of the TAM of the AI market, the GPU market, rough count, they'll take in something like $50 billion, $60 billion, you'll get another $5 billion to $10 billion, call it. So, the question is, what do you think is the major hindrance? You've got chip level compatibility. So does it boil down to the fact that you're just earlier in the game. You've been doing this just 12 months in a serious manner? Or is there still a rack level of disparity? If you could just help us, think about what the hindrances are to you becoming a major player here.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Harsh. Thanks for the question and for the comments. Maybe let me say, I view them as opportunities. If you remember, Harsh, and I think you do, our EPYC ramp from Zen 1, Zen 2, Zen 3, Zen 4 we had extremely good product even back in the Rome days, but it does take time to ensure that there is trust built, there is familiarity with the product that there are some differences, although we're both GPUs. There are some differences, obviously, in the software environment. And people want to get comfortable with the workload ramp. So, from a ramp standpoint, I'm actually very positive on the ramp rate. It's the fastest product ramp that I've seen overall. And my view is this is a multi-generational journey. We've always said that. We feel very good about the progress I think next year is going to be about expanding both customer set as well as workload. And as we get into the MI400 series, we think it's an exceptional product. So -- all in all, the ramp is going well, and we will continue to earn and -- earn the trust and the partnership of these large customers. What I will say is customers are very, very open to AMD. And we see that everywhere we go, everyone is giving us a very fair shot at earning their business, and that's what we intend to do.
Harsh Kumar: Very helpful. Lisa, from a follow-up, and maybe Jean can help out here. It's kind of well understood that your gross margin for MI300, MI325 will be below corporate margins. Could you help us maybe think of some framework on how those gross margins for Instinct might get to parity with your corporate business? I know you probably won't give us a revenue level or a time frame, but maybe you could help us frame in some manner that we could try and understand it.
Jean Hu: Yes. We are very pleased with our overall revenue ramp of our Data Center GPU business, and our team not only support the revenue ramp and continue to improve the gross margin. Overall, it's below corporate average. And when you think about it going into next year, of course, our top priority right now is to really focus on to address customer demand and provide the TCO benefit really increase significantly our market presence and drive substantial revenue growth. On the gross margin side, once we continue to ramp the revenue, we do think we'll have the opportunity to continue to improve gross margin. When you think about it, this is the data center business, over the -- in the longer run, longer term, it tends to be better than corporate average. We'll take some time to get there. But when you look at our Data Center segment performance, we more than doubled the revenue year-over-year, but we tripled the operating income year-over-year. So, I think that's how we are thinking about it is really to drive the long-term growth and get the market presence at the same time, drive gross margin up.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas James: Lisa, I just wanted to ask on mix the MI300 platform into Q4. Obviously, you're launching the MI325 series. Should we expect a significant contribution the new product in Q4? Or is this a situation in which it's launching late year and most of the impact is into Q1? I guess that's the first one. And then the second one is just if you look into next year, could you talk about where the end markets are and Embedded for Xilinx? You gave some color on Com and a little of industrial there. But just where we're at in terms of starting kind of Q4 and into Q1. Are there any that are outperforming, underperforming? Any color there would be helpful.
Dr. Lisa Su: Absolutely, Tom. So back to your first question in terms of the mix in Q4. We would expect the majority of the mix will still be on MI300. MI325 is going into production late in the quarter, and it will be more of a first quarter ramp. So that's that question. And then in terms of the Embedded business going to 2025, I would say that the trends that we see are similar to what I mentioned for the Q3, Q4 timing. We do expect that we're -- some of the markets will recover, we're expecting that it will be a gradual recovery. So, we see that. And the strength that we see is in some of the Test and Emulation segment, we see some strength, certainly in aerospace and defense. There was a little bit of recovery in automotive that we started to see. We're still waiting for comms and industrial. So, we'll get more visibility on that as we go through sort of the end of this year, but that's what we see currently.
Operator: And at this time, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And now I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mitch Haws for any closing comments.
Mitch Haws: That concludes today's call. Thanks to all of you for joining us today.
Operator: And thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you Mitch Haws, Vice President Investor Relations. Thank you, Mitch. You may begin.
Mitch Haws : Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference call. By now you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and the accompanying slides. If you have not had the chance to review these materials, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release, and the slides posted on our website. Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Dr. Lisa Su will attend the Goldman Sachs Technology Communicopia and Technology Conference on Monday, September 9th, and Mark Papermaster, Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, will attend the Deutsche Bank Technology conference on Wednesday, August 28th. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations. Speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause action results to differ materially. With that, I'll hand the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Su : Thank you, Mitch, and good afternoon to all those listening today. We delivered strong second quarter financial results with revenue coming in above the midpoint of guidance and profitability increasing by a double-digit percentage driven by higher than expected sales of our Instinct, Ryzen, and EPYC processors. We continued accelerating our AI traction, as leading cloud and enterprise providers, expanded availability of Instinct MI300X solutions, and we also saw positive demand signals for general purpose compute in both our client and server processor businesses. As a result, second quarter revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $5.8 billion, as significantly higher sales of our data center and client processors more than offset declines in gaming and embedded product sales. We also expanded gross margin by more than 3 percentage points and grew EPS 19%, as data center product sales accounted for nearly 50% of overall sales in the quarter. Turning to the segments, data center segment revenue increased 115% year-over-year to a record $2.8 billion, driven by the steep ramp of Instinct MI300 GPU shipments and a strong double-digit percentage increase in EPYC CPU sales. Cloud adoption remains strong as hyperscalers deploy fourth-gen EPYC CPUs to power more of their internal workloads and public instances. We are seeing hyperscalers select EPYC processors to power a larger portion of their applications and workloads, displacing incumbent offerings across their infrastructure with AMD solutions that offer clear performance and efficiency advantages. The number of AMD-powered cloud instances available from the largest providers has increased 34% from a year ago to more than 900. We are seeing strong pull for these instances with both enterprise and cloud-first businesses. As an example, Netflix and Uber both recently selected fourth-gen EPYC Public Cloud instances as one of the key solutions to power their mission critical customer facing workloads. In the enterprise, sales were increased by a strong double-digit percentage sequentially. We closed multiple large wins in the quarter with financial services, technology, health care, retail, manufacturing, and transportation customers, including Adobe, Boeing, Industrial Light & Magic, Optiver, and Siemens. Importantly, more than one-third of our enterprise server wins in the first half of the year were with businesses deploying EPYC in their data centers for the first time, highlighting our success attracting new customers, while also continuing to expand our footprint with existing customers. Looking ahead, our next-generation Turin family, featuring our new Zen 5 core is looking very strong. Zen 5 is a grounds up new core design optimized for leadership performance and efficiency. Turin will extend our TCO leadership by offering up to 192 cores and 384 threads, support for the latest memory and I.O. Technologies, and the ability to drop into existing fourth-gen EPYC platforms. We publicly previewed Turin for the first time in June, demonstrating our significant performance advantages in multiple compute-intensive workloads. We also passed a major milestone in the second quarter as we started Turin production shipments to lead Cloud customers. Production is ramping now ahead of launch and we expect broad OEM and cloud availability later this year. Turning to our data center AI business, we delivered our third straight quarter of record data center GPU revenue with MI300 quarterly revenue exceeding $1 billion for the first time. Microsoft expanded their use of MI300X Accelerators to power GPT-4 Turbo and multiple co-pilot services including Microsoft 365 Chat, Word, and Teams. Microsoft also became the first large hyperscaler to announce general availability of public MI300X instances in the quarter. The new Azure VMs leverage the industry-leading compute performance and memory capacity of MI300X in conjunction with the latest ROCm software to deliver leadership-inferencing price performance when running the latest frontier models, including GPT-4. Hugging Face was one of the first customers to adopt the new Azure instances, enabling enterprise and AI customers to deploy hundreds of thousands of models on MI300X GPUs with one click. Our enterprise and Cloud AI customer pipeline grew in the quarter, and we are working very closely with our system and cloud partners to ramp availability of MI300 solutions to address growing customer demand. Dell, HPE, Lenovo, and Supermicro all have Instinct platforms in production, and multiple hyperscale and tier-2 cloud providers are on track to launch MI300 instances this quarter. On the AI software front, we made significant progress enhancing support and features across our software stack, making it easier to deploy high performance AI solutions on our platforms. We also continued to work with the open source community to enable customers to implement the latest AI algorithms. As an example, AMD support for Flash Attention 2 algorithm was upstreamed, providing out-of-the-box support for AMD hardware in the popular library that could increase training and inference performance on large transformer models. Our work with the model community also continued accelerating, highlighted by the launches of new models and frameworks with day one support for AMD hardware. At Computex, I was joined by the co-CEO of Stable Diffusion to announce that MI300 is the first GPU to support their latest SD 3.0 image generation LLM. Last week, we were proud to note that multiple partners used ROCm and MI300X to announce support for the latest Llama 3.1 models, including their 405 billion parameter version that is the industry's first frontier-level open source AI model. Llama 3.1 runs seamlessly on MI300 accelerators, and because of our leadership memory capacity, we're also able to run the FP16 version of the Llama 3.1 405B model in a single server, simplifying deployment and fine-tuning of the industry-leading model and providing significant TCO advantages. Earlier this month, we announced our agreement to acquire Silo AI, Europe's largest private AI lab with extensive experience developing tailored AI solutions for multiple enterprise and embedded customers, including Allianz, Ericsson, Finnair, Korber, Nokia, Philips, T-Mobile, and Unilever. The Silo team significantly expands our capability to service large enterprise customers looking to optimize their AI solutions for AMD hardware. Silo also brings deep expertise in large language model development, which will help accelerate optimization of AMD inference and training solutions. In addition to our acquisitions of Silo AI, [Sology] (ph), and Nod.ai, we have invested over $125 million across a dozen AI companies in the last 12 months to expand the AMD AI ecosystem, support partners, and advance leadership AMD computing platforms. Looking ahead from a roadmap perspective, we are accelerating and expanding our Instinct roadmap to deliver an annual cadence of AI accelerators, starting with the launch of MI325X later this year. MI325X leverages the same infrastructure as MI300 and extends our generative AI performance leadership by offering twice the memory capacity and 1.3 times more peak compute performance than competitive offerings. We plan to follow MI325X with the MI350 series in 2025 based on the new CDNA 4 architecture, which is on track to deliver a 35x increase in performance compared to CDNA 3. And our MI400 series powered by the CDNA “Next” architecture is making great progress in development and is scheduled to launch in 2026. Turning to our AI solutions work, Broadcom, Cisco, HP Enterprise, Intel, Google, Meta, and Microsoft all joined us to announce Ultra Accelerator Link, an industry standard technology to connect hundreds of AI accelerators that is based on AMD's proven infinity fabric technology. By combining UA-Link with the widely supported ultra-Ethernet consortium specification, the industry is coming together to establish a standardized approach for building the next generation of high-performance data centers, AI solutions at scale. In summary, customer response to our multi-year Instinct and ROCm roadmaps is overwhelmingly positive and we're very pleased with the momentum we are building. As a result, we now expect data center GPU revenue to exceed $4.5 billion in 2024, up from the $4 billion we guided in April. Turning to our client segment, revenue was $1.5 billion, an increase of 49% year-over-year driven by strong demand for our prior generation Ryzen processors and initial shipments of our next generation Zen 5 processors. In PC applications, Zen 5 delivers an average of 16% more instructions per clock than our industry leading previous generation of Ryzen processors. For desktops, our upcoming Ryzen 9000 series processors drop into existing AM5 motherboards and extends our performance and energy efficiency leadership across productivity, gaming, and content creation workloads. For notebooks, we announced our Ryzen AI 300 series that extends our industry-leading CPU and GPU performance and introduces the industry's fastest NPU with 50 tops of AI compute performance for Copilot Plus PCs. The first Ryzen AI 300 series notebooks went on sale over the weekend to strong reviews. And more than 100 Ryzen AI 300 series premium, gaming, and commercial platforms are on track to launch from Acer, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and others over the coming quarters. Customer excitement for our new Ryzen processors is very strong, and we are well positioned for ongoing revenue share gains based on the strength of our leadership portfolio and design win momentum. Now turning to our gaming segment, revenue declined 59% year-over-year to $648 million as semi-custom SoC sales declined in-line with our projections. Semi-custom demand remains soft, as we are now in the fifth-year of the console cycle and we expect sales to be lower in the second half of the year compared to the first half. In gaming graphics, revenue increased year-over-year driven by improved sales of our Radeon 6000 and 7000 series GPUs in the channel. Turning to our embedded segment, revenue decreased 41% year-over-year to $861 million. The first quarter marked the bottom for our embedded segment revenue. Although second quarter revenue was flattish sequentially, we saw early signs of order patterns improving and expect embedded revenue to gradually recover in the second half of the year. Longer term we are building strong design win momentum for our expanded embedded portfolio. Design wins in the first half of the year increased by more than 40% from the prior year to greater than $7 billion, including multiple triple-digit million-dollar wins combining our adaptive and x86 compute products. We announced our Alveo V80 accelerators that deliver leadership capabilities in memory-intensive workloads and entered early access on next-generation Edge AI solutions with more than 30 key partners on our upcoming second-gen Versal adaptive SoCs. Last week, we also announced Victor Peng, President of AMD, would retire at the end of August. Victor has made significant contributions to Xilinx and AMD, including helping scale our embedded business and leading our cross-company AI strategy. On a personal note, Victor has been a great partner to me in sharing the success of our Xilinx acquisition and integration. On behalf of all of the AMD employees and board, I want to thank Victor for all of his contributions to AMD success and wish him all the best in his retirement. In summary, we delivered strong second quarter results and are well positioned to grow revenue significantly in the second half of the year, driven by our data center and client segments. Our data center GPU business is on a steep growth trajectory as shipments ramp across an expanding set of customers. We're also seeing strong demand for our next generation Zen 5 EPYC and Ryzen processors that deliver leadership performance and efficiency in both data center and client workloads. Looking ahead, the rapid advances in generative AI and development of more capable models are driving demand for more compute across all markets. Under this backdrop, we see strong growth opportunities over the coming years and are significantly increasing hardware, software and solutions investments with a laser focus on delivering an annual cadence of leadership data center GPU hardware, integrating industry leading AI capabilities across our entire product portfolio, enabling full stack software capabilities, amplifying our ROCm development with the scale and speed of the open source community and providing customers with turnkey solutions that accelerate the time to market for AMD based AI systems. We are excited about the unprecedented opportunities in front of us and are well positioned to drive our next phase of significant growth. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide some additional color on our second quarter results. Jean?
Jean Hu : Thank you Lisa, and good afternoon everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results and then provide our current outlook for the third quarter. We're very pleased with our overall second quarter financial results that came in above expectations. On a year-over-year basis, data center segment revenue more than doubled. Client segment revenue grow significantly, and we expand the gross margin by 340 basis points. For the second quarter of 2024, revenue was $5.8 billion, up 9% year-over-year, as revenue growth in the data center and the client segments was partially offset by lower revenue in our gaming and embedded segments. Revenue increases 7% sequentially, primarily driven by growth in the data center and the client segments revenue. Gross margin was 53%, up 340 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by higher data center revenue. Operating expenses were $1.8 billion, an increase of 15% year-over-year, as we continue to invest in R&D to address the significant AI growth opportunities ahead of us and enhanced go-to-market activities. Operating income was $1.3 billion representing a 22% operating margin. Taxes, interest expense and other was $138 million. Diluted earnings per share was $0.69, an increase of 19% year-over-year. Now turning to our reportable segment. Starting with the data center. Data Center delivered record quarterly segment revenue of $2.8 billion, up 115%, a $1.5 billion increase in year-over-year. The Data Center segment accounted for nearly 50% of total revenue, led primarily by the steep ramp of AMD Instinct GPUs and strong double-digit percentage EPYC Server revenue growth. On a sequential basis, revenue increased 21%, driven primarily by strong momentum in AMD Instinct GPUs. Data center segment operating income was $743 million or 26% of revenue compared to $147 million or 11% a year ago. Operating income was up more than 5 times from the prior year, driven by higher revenue and operating leverage, even as we significantly increase our investment in R&D. Client segment revenue was $1.5 billion, up 49% year-over-year and 9% sequentially driven primarily by AMD Ryzen processor sales. Client segment operating income was $89 million or 6% of revenue compared to operating loss of $69 million a year ago. Gaming segment revenue was $648 million down 59% year-over-year and 30% sequentially. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to semi-customer inventory digestion and the lower end-market demand. Gaming segment operating income was $77 million, or 12% of revenue compared to $225 million or 14% a year ago. Embedded segment revenue was $861 million, down 41% year-over-year, as customers continue to normalize their inventory levels. On sequential basis, embedded segment revenue was up 2%. Embedded segment operating income was $345 million or 40% of revenue compared to $757 million or 52% a year ago. Turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $593 million in cash from operations and the free cash flow was $439 million. Inventory increased sequentially by [$339 million] (ph) to $5 billion, primarily to support the continued ramp of a data center GPU product. At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalent, and short-term investments were $5.3 billion. In the second quarter, we returned $352 million to shareholders repurchasing 2.3 million shares, and we have $5.2 billion of authorization remaining. During the quarter, we retired $750 million of debt that matured this past June utilizing existing cash. Now turning to our third quarter, 2024 outlook. We expect revenue to be approximately $6.7 billion plus or minus $300 million. Sequentially, we expect revenue to grow approximately 15%, primarily driven by strong growth in the data center and the client segment. We expect embedded segment revenue to be up and the gaming segment to decline by double digit percentage. Year-over-year we expect revenue to grow approximately 16%, driven by the steep ramp of our AMD Instinct processors and strong server and client revenue growth to more than offset the declines in the gaming and embedded segments. In addition, we expect third quarter non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 53.5%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.9 billion. Non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13%. And the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.64 billion shares. Also during the third quarter, we expect to close the acquisition of Silo AI for approximately $665 million in cash. In closing, we made significant progress during the quarter toward achieving our financial goals. We delivered record MI300 revenue that exceeded $1 billion and demonstrated solid traction with our next-gen Ryzen and EPYC product. We expanded gross margin significantly and drove earnings growth while increasing investment in AI. Looking forward, opportunities ahead of us are unprecedented, will remain focused on executing to our long-term growth strategy, while driving financial discipline and operational excellence. With that, I will turn it back to Mitch for the Q&A session.
Mitch Haws : Thank you, Jean. John, we're happy to poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mitch. We will now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Reitzes: Hey, thanks a lot. Congratulations on these results. Lisa, I wanted to ask you about MI300, how you see it playing out sequentially for the rest of the year. I guess there is about $2.8 billion left to hit your annual target. So I'm wondering if you see things picking up in the fourth quarter and how that's going sequentially. And if you don't mind, I wanted to also ask about next year if you see potential for rapid growth. You're probably aware of some of the chatter out there, and I just was wondering if you are already seeing signs that you can grow significantly, given your road map for next year. Thank you so much.
Lisa Su: Yes. Great, Ben. Thanks for the question. So first of all on sort of MI300 and the customer evolution, we are very happy with how MI300 has progressed. When we started the year, I think the key point for us was to get our products into our customers' data centers, to have them qualify their workloads, to really ramp in production and then see what the production capabilities are especially performance and all of those things. And I can say now being sort of more than halfway through the year, we've seen great progress across the board. As we look into the second half of the year I think we would expect that MI300 revenue would continue to ramp in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And we are continuing to expand both current deployments with our existing customers, as well as we have a large pipeline of customers that we are working through that are getting familiar with our architecture and software and all that stuff. So I’d say overall, very pleased with the progress, and really continuing right on track to what we expected from the capabilities of the product. As we go into next year, I mean one of the important things that we announced at Computex, was increasing and expanding our road map. I think we feel really good about our road map. We are on track to launch MI325 later this year. And then next year, our MI350 Series, which will be very competitive with Blackwell Solutions. And then we're well on our way to our CDNA Next as well. So I think, overall we remain quite bullish on the overall AI market. I think the market continues to need more compute. And we also feel very good that our hardware and software solutions are getting good traction, and we are continuing to expand that pipeline.
Ben Reitzes: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. And congrats on the quarter as well. I guess sticking on the Data Center side, as we look forward and you think about the full year, I'm curious of how you're currently thinking about the EPYC server CPU growth expectations as we go forward. And any kind of updated thoughts on your ability to kind of continue to gain share in the server market? Just kind of just update us on how you see the server market playing out over the next couple of quarters.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure Aaron. Thanks for the question. So we are very pleased with the progress that we've made with EPYC. I think a couple of things. First of all, in terms of competitive positioning and just the traction in the market, our fourth-gen EPYC between Zen 1 Bergamo is really doing very well. We've seen broad adoption across cloud, and then we've been very focused on enterprise as well as third-party cloud instances. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we are starting to see very nice traction in enterprise with both new customers as well as existing customers, and then for third-party cloud adoption, also a good pickup there as well. So I think overall, I think our EPYC portfolio has done well. Going into the second half of the year, I think we also feel good about it. There are a couple of positives there. We see -- first of all the market looks like it's improving, so we have seen some return to spending in both enterprise and cloud. And so I think those are positive market trends. And then in addition to that, we are in the process of launching Turin. So we started production here in the second quarter and we are on track to launch broadly in the second half of the year. We'll see some revenue of Turin in the second half of the year contributing as well. So overall, I think the server market and our ability to continue to grow share in the server market is one of the things that we see in the second half of the year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Lisa, I wanted to ask about the Data Center GPU roadmap. As you said, 325 launching later this year, so I guess I had two questions. Does the greater than $4.5 billion, does that include any revenue from 325? And can you talk a little bit more about 350? Obviously, we are seeing a big rack scale or shift toward rack-scale systems for the competition's product. And I'm wondering if that's what 350 is going to look like. Is it going to have liquid cooling and is it going to have a rack scale aspect to it? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely. So let me start with your original question. I mean, I think looking at 325X, we are on track to launch later this year. From a revenue standpoint there will be a small contribution in the fourth quarter but it really is still mostly the MI300 capabilities. And 325 will start in the fourth quarter and then ramp more in the first half of next year. And then as we look at the 350 Series, what we are seeing and the reason we call it a series is because there will be multiple SKUs in that series that we'll go through the range of, let's call it, air-cooled to liquid-cooled. In spending time with our customers. I think there are people who certainly want more rack level solutions, and we are certainly doing much more in terms of system-level integration for our products. You will see us invest more in system-level integration. But we also have many customers who want to use their current infrastructure. I think the beauty of the MI350 series is, it actually fits into the same infrastructure as the MI300 series. And so it would lend itself to, let's call it a pretty fast ramp if you've already invested in 300 or 325. So we see the range of options, and that's part of the expansion of the road map that we are planning.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi, thanks for having me ask a question and congrats on the strong results. Well, Data Center is obviously very important. I just want to pivot to the Client side. Lisa, can you talk about the AI PC side of things? How you believe AMD is positioned? Are you seeing any competitive intensity changing with the emergence of ARM based systems? Just wanted to see how you are expecting that to roll out and what it means to second half seasonality.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Ross. So first, we are very pleased with our Client business results. I think we have a very strong road map, so I'm very pleased with the road map. The Zen 5 based products, we're launching both notebook and desktop in the middle of this year. What we've seen is actually very positive feedback on the product. So we just actually launched the first Strix-based notebooks over the weekend. They went on sale. You may have seen some of the reviews. The reviews are very positive. Our view of this is the AI PC is an important add to the overall PC category. As we go into the second half of the year, I think we have better seasonality in general, and we think we can do, let us call it above-typical seasonality, given the strength of our product launches and when we are launching. And then into 2025, you're going to see AI PCs across sort of a larger set of price points which will also open up more opportunities. So overall, I’d say, the PC market is a good revenue growth opportunity for us. The business is performing well. The products are strong. And we are working very closely with both the ecosystem partners, as well as our OEM partners to have strong launches here into the second half of the year.
Ross Seymore: And is the ARM side changing anything or not really?
Lisa Su: Look, I think at this point the PC market is a big market and we are underrepresented in the market. I’d say that we take all of our competition very seriously. That being the case, I think our products are very well positioned.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Ramsey: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Lisa, I wanted to maybe draw a parallel between the Instinct portfolio that your company is rolling out now and what you guys did five or six years ago with EPYC. And I remember when the Naples product launched, there was a lot of, I’d say, reaction positively and negatively and sort of sentiment around where your road map might go to relatively small perturbations in what the volumes were, super early. But if I remember back to that, what was the most important was that was the toehold into the market for long-term engagement, both on the software side and the hardware side with your customers two, three, four generations forward. So is that an accurate parallel to where you guys are with MI300? And maybe you could talk about the level of engagement, the intensity of engagement, the breadth of it across the customer base with 350 and 400. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely, Matt. So look as I said earlier, we are very pleased with the progress that we are making on the Instinct road map. This is absolutely a long-term play so absolutely, you are correct. It has a lot of parallels to the EPYC journey, where you really have to -- you gain more opportunities, broader workloads, larger deployments as you go from generation to generation. So we are playing the long game here. Our conversations with our customers, so I’d start with first, in the near-term, we had some very key milestones that we wanted to pass this year. And as I said, they related to getting hardware in volume in multiple hyperscalers, as well as large Tier 2 customers. We've done that. We've now seen our software in a lot of different environments, and it is matured substantially. ROCm is in very -- from a standpoint of features, functions, out-of-box performance, getting to performance with customers, we've gained a lot of confidence and learned a lot in that whole process. The networking aspects of building out the rack scale and the system-level items are areas that we are continuing to invest in. And then the point of having long-term conversations across multiple generations is also really important. So I think all of those things have progressed well. We view this as very good progress for MI300, but we have a lot more to do. And I think the various road maps will help us open up those opportunities over the next couple of years.
Matt Ramsey: Appreciated. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Thanks Matt.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Lisa, there seems to be this ongoing industry debate about AI monetization and whether your customers are getting the right ROI on their CapEx. And today, they have these three options, right? They can buy GPUs from your largest competitor with all the software bells and whistles and incumbency or they can do custom chips or they can buy from AMD. So how do you think this plays out next year? Do you think your customers given all this concern around monetization, does it make them consolidate their CapEx around just the other two suppliers? How is your visibility going into next year, given this industry debate? And how will AMD continue to kind of carve a position between these two other competitive choices that are out there? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Vivek. Well, I mean I think you talk to a lot of the same people that we talk to. I think the overall view on AI investment is we have to invest. I mean the industry has to invest. The potential of AI is so large to impact the way enterprises operate and all that stuff. So I think the investment cycle will continue to be strong. And then relative to the various choices for the size of the market, I firmly believe that there will be multiple solutions, whether you are talking about GPUs or you are talking about custom chips or ASICs, there will be multiple solutions. In our case, I think we've demonstrated a really strong road map and the ability to partner well with our customers. And from the standpoint of that deep engagement, hardware, software co-optimization is so important in that. And for large language models, GPUs are still the architecture of choice. So I think, the opportunity is very large. And I think our piece of that is really strong technology with strong partnerships with the key AI market makers.
Vivek Arya: Thank you Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thanks Vivek.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I also wanted to ask about MI300. I wonder if you could talk about training versus inference. Do you have a sense -- I know that a lot of the initial focus was inference, but do you have traction on the training side? And any sense of what that split may look like over time?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question Joe. So as we said on MI300, there are lots of great characteristics about it. One of them is our memory bandwidth and memory capacity is leading the industry. From that standpoint, the early deployments have largely been inference in most cases, and we have seen fantastic performance from an inference standpoint. We also have customers that are doing training. We've also seen that from a training standpoint, we've optimized quite a bit our ROCm software stack, to make it easier for people to train on AMD. And I do expect that we'll continue to ramp training over time. As we go forward, I think you'll see -- the belief is that inference will be larger than training from a market standpoint. But from an AMD standpoint, I’d expect both inference and training to be growth opportunities for us.
Joe Moore : Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, thank you so much for taking the question. I had a question on the MI300 as well. Curiously, if you are currently shipping to demand or if the updated annual forecast of $4.5 billion is in some shape or form supply constrained. I think last quarter you gave some comments on HBM and CoWoS. Curious if you could provide an update there. And then my Part B to my question is on profitability for MI300. I think in the past, you've talked about the business being accretive and improving further over time as you sort of work through the kinks, if you will. Has that view evolved or changed at all, given sort of the competitive intensity and your need to invest, whether it be through organic R&D or some of the acquisitions you've made? Or are you still confident that profit margins in the business continue to expand? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. So on the supply side, let me make a couple of comments and then maybe I'll let Jean comment on sort of the trajectory for the business. So on the supply side, we made great progress in the second quarter. We ramped up supply significantly exceeding $1 billion in the quarter. I think the team has executed really well. We continue to see line of sight to continue increasing supply as we go through the second half of the year. But I will say that the overall supply chain is tight and will remain tight through 2025. So under that backdrop, we have great partnerships across the supply chain. We've been building additional capacity and capability there. And so we expect to continue to ramp as we go through the year. And we'll continue to work both supply as well as demand opportunities, and really that's accelerating our customer adoption overall, and we'll see how things play out as we go into the second half of this year.
Jean Hu: Yes. On your second question about the profitability, first our team has done a tremendous job to ramp the product MI300. It is a very complex product. So we ramped it successfully. At the same time, the team also started to implement operational optimization to continue to improve gross margin. So we continue to see the gross margin improvement. Over time, in the longer term, we do believe gross margin will be accretive to corporate average. From a profitability perspective, AMD always invests in platforms. If you look at our Data Center platform especially both the [Server] (ph) and the Data Center GPU side, we are ramping the revenue. The business model can leverage very significantly even from GPU side. Because the revenue ramp has been quite significant, the operating margin continued to expand. We definitely want to continue to invest as the opportunity is huge. At the same time, it is a profitable business already.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to dig into the Q3 guidance a little bit, if I could. So with Gaming down double digits, it probably means you've got close to $1 billion of growth revenue across Data Center, Client, and Embedded. I was wondering if you could give us some color on how that $1 billion-ish splits out across those three businesses. Like if I had 70% of it going to Data Center and 20% going to Client and 10% going to Embedded, like would that be like way off? Or how should we think about that apportioning out across the segment?
Lisa Su: Yes. Maybe Stacy, let me give you the following color. So the Gaming business is down double digit as you state. Think of it as the Data Center is the largest piece of it, client next. And then on the Embedded side think of it as single-digit sequential growth.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. So I mean within that Data Center piece then, how does that split out? I mean, is the bulk of it [indiscernible] Instinct? Or is it sort of equally weighted between Instinct and EPYC? Or like again how does it -- again if you got, I don't know $400 million to $600 million of sequential Data Center growth or something like that, how does it split up?
Lisa Su: Yes. So again, without being that granular, we will see both -- certainly, the Instinct GPUs will grow and we'll see also very nice growth on the server side.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Harsh Kumar: Hi, Lisa. From my rudimentary understanding, the large difference between your Instinct products and the adoption versus your nearest competitor is kind of rack level performance and that rack level infrastructure that you may be lacking. You talked a little bit about UALink. I was wondering if you could expand on that and give us some more color on when that might -- when that gap might be closed. Or is this a major step for the industry to close that gap? Just any color would be appreciated.
Lisa Su: Yes. So Harsh, overall, maybe if I take a step back and just talk about how the systems are evolving, there is no question that the systems are getting more complex, especially as you go into large training clusters, and our customers need help to put those together. And that includes the sort of Infinity Fabric-type solutions that are the basis for the UALink things as well as just general rack level system integration. I think what you should expect, Harsh is, first of all, we're very pleased with all of the partners that have come together for UALink. We think that's an important capability. But we have all of the pieces of this already within sort of the AMD umbrella with our Infinity Fabric, with the work with our networking capability through the acquisition of Pensando. And then you'll see us invest more in this area. So this is part of how we help customers get to market faster is by investing in all of the components, so the CPUs, the GPUs, the networking capability as well as system-level solutions.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thanks Harsh.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask another question on MI300. Just curious if you can kind of characterize the makeup of the customers in the first half. I know you had, end of last year, a government customer. Is there still a government contingency? And kind of the second part of it is really you've invested in all these software assets. Kind of curious the challenge of ramping the next wave of customers. I know there's been a lot of talk on some hardware challenges, memory issues and such, but then you're investing in software. I'm sure that's a big challenge, too. Just kind of curious what the biggest hurdle is for you to kind of get that next wave of customers ramp.
Lisa Su: Yes. So Blayne, a lot of pieces to that question, so let me try to address them. First, on your question about I think you are basically asking about the supercomputing piece. That was mainly Q4 and a bit in Q1. So if you think about our Q2 revenue, think about it as almost all AI. So it is MI300X, it's for large AI, hyperscalers as well as OEM customers going to enterprise and Tier 2 data centers. So that's the makeup of the customer set. And then in terms of the various pieces of what we're doing, I think first on your question about memory, I think there's a lot of noise in the system. I wouldn't really pay attention to all that noise in the system. I mean, this has been an incredible ramp. And I'm actually really proud of what the team has done in terms of just definitely fastest product ramp that we've ever done to $1 billion here in the -- over $1 billion in the second quarter, and then ramping each quarter in Q3 and Q4. In terms of memory, we have multiple suppliers that we've qualified on HBM3. And it is a tricky -- memory is a tricky business but I think we've done it very well and that's there. And then we are also qualifying HBM3E for future products with multiple memory suppliers as well. So to your overarching question of what are the things that we're doing, the exciting part of this is that the ROCm capability has really gotten substantially better because so many customers have been using it. And with that, what we look at is out of box performance, how long does it take a customer to get up and running on MI300? And we've seen, depending on the software that companies are using, particularly if you are based on some of the higher-level frameworks like PyTorch, et cetera, we can be out-of-the-box running very well in a very short amount of time, like let's call it, very small number of weeks. And that's great because that's expanding the overall portfolio. We’re going to continue to invest in software and that was one of the reasons that we did the Silo AI acquisition. It is a great acquisition for us, 300 scientists and engineers. These are engineers that have experience with AMD hardware and are very, very good at helping customers get up and running on AMD hardware. And that's -- so we view this as the opportunity to expand the customer base with talent like Silo AI, like Nod.ai which brought a lot of compiler talent. And then we continue to hire quite a bit organically. So I think Jean said earlier that we see leverage in the model, but we are going to continue to invest because this opportunity is huge, and we have all of the pieces. This is just about building out scale.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks so much.
Lisa Su: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tom O'Malley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Tom O'Malley: Hi, Lisa. Thanks for taking my question. I'll give you a breather from the MI300 for a second, but just to focus on Client in the second half. No problem. Focused on Client in the second half, you kind of said above-seasonal for September, December. You're obviously launching a new notebook, desktop product, but you're also talking about AI PC. Could you just break down where you're seeing those above-seasonal trends? Is it the ASP uplift you're getting from the new products? Is it a unit assumption that's coming with AI PC? Just any kind of breakdown between those two and why you're seeing it a little bit better. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure, Tom. So I think you actually said it well. We are launching Zen 5 desktops and notebooks with volume ramping in the third quarter. And that’s the primary reason that we see above-seasonal. The AI PC element is certainly 1 element of that, but there is just the overall refresh. Usually, desktop launches going into a third quarter are good for us, and we feel that the products are very well positioned. So those are the primary reasons.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danely: Again. Thanks for speaking me in. Just a question on gross margin. So if we look at your guidance, it seems like the incremental gross margin is dropping a little bit for Q3. Why is that happening? And then just a follow-up on another part of the gross margin angle. Have you changed your gross margin expectations for the MI300? Has the accretion point moved out a little bit?
Jean Hu: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. I think, first we have made a lot of progress, as you mentioned, this year to expand our gross margin from 2023 at a 50 percentage point to, we actually guided 53.5% for Q3. The primary driver is really the faster Data Center business growth. If you look at the Data Center business as a percentage of revenue from 37% in Q4 last year to now close to 50%. That faster expansion really helped us with the gross margin. When you look at the second half we will continue to see Data Center to be the major driver of our top-line revenue growth, will help with the margin expansion. But there are some other puts and takes. I think Lisa mentioned the PC business actually is going to do better in second half, especially typically, seasonally, it tends to be more consumer-focused. So that really is a little bit different dynamics there. Secondly, I’d say, Embedded business, we are going to see Embedded business to be up sequentially each quarter. But the recovery, as we mentioned earlier, is more gradual. So when you look at the balance of the picture, that's why we see the gross margin -- the pace of the gross margin changed a little bit, but we do see continued gross margin expansion. As far as MI300, we are quite confident over the long-term, it will be accretive to our corporate average. We feel pretty good about the overall Data Center business to continue to be absolutely the driver of gross margin expansion.
Chris Danely: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mitch for any closing comments.
Mitch Haws: Great. That concludes today's call. Thanks to all of you for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mitch Haws, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Mitch, you may begin. 
Mitchell Haws: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's First Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and the accompanying slides. If you have not had the chance to review these materials, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during today's call, and the full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and the slides posted on our website. 
 Participants on today's call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Mark Papermaster, Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, will attend the TD Cowen Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on May 29; and Jean Hu, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will attend the JPMorgan Global Media and Communications Conference on Tuesday, May 21; the Bank of America Global Technology Conference on Wednesday, June 5; and the Jefferies Nasdaq Investor Conference on Tuesday, June 11. 
 Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. 
 With that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. 
Lisa Su: Thanks, Mitch, and good afternoon to all those listening today. This is an incredibly exciting time for the industry as the widespread deployment of AI is driving demand for significantly more compute across a broad range of markets. Under this backdrop, we are executing very well as we ramp our data center business and enable AI capabilities across our product portfolio. 
 Looking at the first quarter, revenue increased to $5.5 billion. We expanded gross margin by more than 2 percentage points and increased profitability as Data Center and Client segment sales each grew by more than 80% year-over-year. 
 Data Center segment revenue grew 80% year-over-year and 2% sequentially to a record $2.3 billion. The substantial year-over-year growth was driven by the strong ramp of AMD Instinct MI300X GPU shipments and a double-digit percentage increase in server CPU sales. We believe we gained server CPU revenue share in the seasonally down first quarter, led by growth in enterprise adoption and expanded cloud deployments. 
 In cloud, while the overall demand environment remain mixed, hyperscalers continued adopting fourth-gen EPYC processors to power more of their internal workloads and public instances. There are now nearly 900 AMD-powered public instances available globally as Amazon, Microsoft and Google all increased their fourth-gen EPYC processor offerings with new instances and regional deployments. 
 In the enterprise, we have seen signs of improving demand as CIOs need to add more general purpose and AI compute capacity while maintaining the physical footprint and power needs of their current infrastructure. This scenario aligns perfectly with the value proposition of our EPYC processors. 
 Given our high core count and energy efficiency, we can deliver the same amount of compute with 45% fewer servers compared to the competition, cutting initial CapEx by up to half and lowering annual OpEx by more than 40%. As a result, enterprise adoption of EPYC CPUs is accelerating, highlighted by deployments with large enterprises, including American Airlines, DBS, Emirates Bank, Shell and STMicro. 
 We're also building momentum with AMD-powered solutions powering the most popular ERP and database applications. As one example of the latest generation of Oracle Exadata, the leading database solution used by 76 of the Fortune 100, is now powered exclusively by fourth-gen EPYC processors. Looking ahead, we're very excited about our next-gen Turin family of EPYC processors featuring our Zen 5 core. We're widely sampling Turin and the silicon is looking great. 
 In the cloud, the significant performance and efficiency increases of Turin position us well to capture an even larger share of both first and third-party workloads. In addition, there are 30% more Turin platforms in development from our server partners compared to fourth-gen EPYC platforms, increasing our enterprise SAM with new solutions optimized for additional workloads. Turin remains on track to launch later this year. 
 Turning to our broader Data Center portfolio. We delivered our second straight quarter of record data center GPU revenue as MI300 became the fastest-ramping product in AMD history, passing $1 billion in total sales in less than 2 quarters. In cloud, MI300x production deployments expanded at Microsoft, Meta and Oracle to power Generative AI training and inferencing for both internal workloads and a broad set of public offerings. 
 For the enterprise, we're working very closely with Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Super Micro and others as multiple MI300X platforms enter volume production this quarter. In addition, we have more than 100 enterprise and AI customers actively developing or OpenAI MI300X. 
 On the AI software front, we made excellent progress adding upstream support for AMD hardware in the open AI Triton compiler, making it even easier to develop highly performant AI software for AMD platforms. 
 We also released a major update to our ROCm software stack that expand support for open source libraries, including vLLM, and frameworks, including JAKs, adds new features like video decode and significantly increases generative AI performance by integrating advanced attention algorithm support for sparsity and FPA. 
 Our partners are seeing very strong performance in their AI workloads. As we jointly optimize for their models, MI300X GPUs are delivering leadership inferencing performance and substantial TCO advantages compared to H100. For instance, several of our partners are seeing significant increases in tokens per second when running their flagship LLMs on MI300x compared to H100. 
 We're also continuing to enable the broad ecosystem required to power the next generation of AI systems, including as a founding member of the Ultra Ethernet Consortium, working to optimize the widely adopted Ethernet protocol to run AI workloads at data center scale. 
 MI300 demand continues to strengthen. And based on our expanding customer engagements, we now expect data center GPU revenue to exceed $4 billion in 2024, up from the $3.5 billion we guided in January. Longer term, we are increasingly working closer with our cloud and enterprise customers as we expand and accelerate our AI hardware and software road maps and grow our data center GPU footprint. 
 Turning to our Client segment. Revenue was $1.4 billion, an increase of 85% year-over-year, driven by strong demand for our latest-generation Ryzen mobile and desktop processors with OEMs and in the channel. Client segment revenue declined 6% sequentially. 
 We saw strong demand for our latest-generation Ryzen processors in the first quarter. Ryzen desktop CPU sales grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year, and Ryzen mobile CPU sales nearly doubled year-over-year as new Ryzen 8040 notebook designs from Acer, Asus, HP, Lenovo and others ramped. 
 We expanded our portfolio of leadership enterprise PC offerings with the launch of our Ryzen Pro 8000 processors earlier this month. Ryzen Pro 8040 mobile CPUs delivered industry-leading performance in battery life for commercial notebooks. And our Ryzen Pro 8000 series desktop CPUs are the first processor to offer dedicated, on-chip AI accelerators in commercial desktop PCs. 
 We see clear opportunities to gain additional commercial PC share based on the performance and efficiency advantages of our Ryzen Pro portfolio and an expanded set of AMD-powered commercial PCs from our OEM partners. Looking forward, we believe the market is on track to return to annual growth in 2024, driven by the start of an enterprise refresh cycle and AI PC adoption. 
 We see AI as the biggest inflection point in PC since the Internet, with the ability to deliver unprecedented productivity and usability gains. We're working very closely with Microsoft and a broad ecosystem of partners to enable the next generation of AI experiences, powered by Ryzen processors, with more than 150 ISVs on track to be developing for AMD AI PCs by the end of the year. 
 We will also take the next major step in our AI PC road map later this year with the launch of our next-generation Ryzen mobile processors codenamed Strix. Customer interest in Strix is very high based on the significant performance and energy efficiency uplifts we are delivering. 
 Design win momentum for premium notebooks is outpacing prior generations as Strix enables next-generation AI experiences in laptops that are thinner, lighter and faster than ever before. We're excited about the growth opportunities for the PC market. And based on the strength of our Ryzen CPU portfolio, we expect to grow revenue share this year. 
 Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue declined 48% year-over-year and 33% sequentially to $922 million. First quarter semi-custom SoC sales declined in line with our projections as we are now in the fifth year of the console cycle. In Gaming Graphics, revenue declined year-over-year and sequentially. We expanded our Radeon 7000 Series family with the global launch of our Radeon RX 7900 GRE and also introduced our driver-based AMD fluid motion frames technology that can provide large performance increases in thousands of games. 
 Turning to our Embedded segment. Revenue decreased 46% year-over-year and 20% sequentially to $846 million as customers remain focused on normalizing their inventory levels. We launched our Spartan UltraScale+ FPGA family with high I/O counts, power efficiency and state-of-the-art security features, and we're seeing a strong pipeline of growth for our cost-optimized embedded portfolio across multiple markets. 
 Given the current embedded market conditions, we're now expecting second quarter embedded segment revenue to be flat sequentially, with a gradual recovery in the second half of the year. Longer term, we see AI at the edge as a large growth opportunity that will drive increased demand for compute across a wide range of devices. To address this demand, we announced our second generation of Versal adaptive SoCs that deliver a 3x increase in AI tops per watt and a 10x greater scaler compute performance compared to our prior generation of industry-leading adaptive SoCs. 
 Versal Gen 2 adaptive SoCs are the only solution that combine multiple compute engines to handle AI preprocessing, inferencing and post processing on a single chip, enabling customers to rapidly add highly performant and efficient AI capabilities to a broad range of products. We were pleased to be joined at our launch by Subaru, who announced they adopted Versal AI Edge series Gen 2 devices to power the next generation of their EyeSight ADAS system. 
 Embedded Design win momentum remains very strong as customers adopt our full portfolio of FPGAs, CPUs, GPUs and adaptive SoCs to address a larger portion of their compute needs. In summary, we executed well in the first quarter, setting us up to deliver strong annual revenue growth and expanded gross margin, driven by growing adoption of our Instinct, EPYC and Ryzen product portfolios. 
 Our priorities for 2024 are very clear: accelerate our Data Center growth by ramping Instinct GPU production and gaining share with our EPYC processors; launch our next-generation Zen 5 PC and server processors that extend our leadership performance; and expand our adaptive computing portfolio with differentiated solutions. 
 Looking further ahead, AI represents an unprecedented opportunity for AMD. While there has been significant growth in AI infrastructure build-outs, we are still in the very early stages of what we believe is going to be a period of sustained growth, driven by an insatiable demand for both high-performance AI and general purpose compute. 
 We have expanded our investments across the company to capture this large growth opportunity, from rapidly expanding our AI software stack to accelerating our AI hardware road maps, increasing our go-to-market activities and partnering closely with the largest AI companies to co-optimize solutions for their most important workloads. We are very excited about the trajectory of the business and the significant growth opportunities ahead. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide some additional color on our first quarter results. Jean? 
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results and then provide our current outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2024. We delivered strong year-over-year revenue growth in our Data Center and Client segments in the fourth quarter and grew 230 basis points of gross margin expansion. For the first quarter of 2024, revenue was $5.5 billion, up 2% year-over-year as revenue growth in the Data Center and the Client segment was partially offset by lower revenue in our Gaming and Embedded segment. 
 Revenue declined 11% sequentially as higher Data Center revenue resulting from the ramp of our AMD Instinct GPUs was offset by lower Gaming and Embedded segment revenues. Gross margin was 52%, up 230 basis points year-over-year, driven by higher revenue contribution from the Data Center and Client segment, partially offset by lower Embedded and Gaming segment revenue contribution. 
 Operating expenses were $1.7 billion, an increase of 10% year-over-year, as we continued investing aggressively in R&D and marketing activities to address the significant AI growth opportunities ahead of us. Operating income was $1.1 billion, representing a 21% operating margin. Taxes, interest expense and other was $120 million. For the fourth quarter of 2024, diluted earnings per share was $0.62, an increase of 3% year-over-year. 
 Now turning to our Reportable segment, starting with the Data Center. Data Center delivered record quarterly segment revenue of $2.3 billion, up 80%, a $1 billion increase year-over-year. Data Center accounted for more than 40% of total revenue, primarily led by the ramp of AMD Instinct GPUs from both cloud and enterprise customers and a strong double-digit percentage growth in our server process revenue as a result of growth across our sample products. 
 On a sequential basis, revenue increased 2%, driven by the ramp of our AMD Instinct GPUs, partially offset by seasonal decline in server CPU sales. Data Center segment operating income was $541 million or 23% of revenue compared to $148 million or 11% a year ago. Operating income was up 266% year-over-year due to operating leverage even as we significantly increased our investment in R&D. 
 Client segment revenue was $1.4 billion, up 85% year-over-year, driven primarily by Ryzen 8000 series processors. On a sequential basis, Client revenue declined 6%. Client segment operating income was $86 million or 6% of revenue compared to an operating loss of $172 million a year ago, driven by higher revenue. 
 Gaming segment revenue was $922 million, down 48% year-over-year and down 33% sequentially due to a decrease in semi customer and Radeon GPU sales. Gaming segment operating income was $151 million or 16% of revenue compared to $314 million or 18% a year ago. 
 Embedded segment revenue was $846 million, down 46% year-over-year and 20% sequentially as customers continue to manage their inventory levels. Embedded segment operating income was $342 million or 41% of revenue compared to $798 million or 51% a year ago. 
 Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $521 million in cash from operations, and free cash flow was $379 million. Inventory increased sequentially by $301 million to $4.7 billion, primarily to support the continued ramp of data center and client products in advanced process node. 
 At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalent and short-term investment was $6 billion. As a reminder, we have $750 million of debt maturing this June. Given our ample liquidity, we plan to retire that utilizing existing cash. 
 Now turning to our second quarter 2024 outlook. We expect revenue to be approximately $5.7 billion, plus or minus $300 million. Sequentially, we expect Data Center segment revenue to increase by double-digit percentage, primarily driven by the Data Center GPU ramp; client segment revenue to increase; embedded segment revenue to be flat; and in the Gaming segment, based on current demand signals, revenue to decline by significant double-digit percentage. 
 Year-over-year, we expect our Data Center and Client segment revenue to be up significantly, driven by the strength of our product portfolio; the Embedded and the Gaming segment revenue to decline by a significant double-digit percentage. In addition, we expect second quarter non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 53%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.8 billion. Non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13% and the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.64 billion shares. 
 In closing, we started the year strong. We made significant progress on our strategic priorities, delivering year-over-year revenue growth in our Data Center and the Client segment and expanded the gross margin. Looking ahead, we believe the investments we are making will position us very well to address the large AI opportunities ahead. 
 With that, I'll turn it back to Mitch for the Q&A session. 
Mitchell Haws: Thank you, Jean. Paul, we're happy to poll the audience for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: Lisa, my first question is on the MI300. You're taking up the full year outlook from $3.5 billion to $4 billion. I'm curious what's driving that incremental $500 million in revenue? Is it new customers? Is it additional bookings from existing customers? Is it more cloud? Is it more enterprise? If you can sort of provide color there, that would be helpful. 
 And then on the supply side, there's been headlines or chatter that CoWoS and/or HBM could be a pretty severe constraining factor for you guys. If you can speak to how you're handling the supply side of the equation, that would be helpful, too. And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Lisa Su: Great. Thank you, Toshiya, for the question. Look, the MI300 ramp is going really well. If we look at just what's happened over the last 90 days, we've been working very closely with our customers to qualify MI300 in their production data centers, both from a hardware standpoint, software standpoint. So far, things are going quite well. 
 And what we see now is just greater visibility to both current customers as well as new customers committing to MI300. So that gives us the confidence to go from $3.5 billion to $4 billion. And I view this as very much -- it's a very dynamic market, and there are lots of customers. We said on the -- in the prepared remarks that we have over 100 customers that we're engaged with in both development as well as deployment. So overall, the ramp is going really well. 
 As it relates to the supply chain, actually, I would say, I'm very pleased with how supply has ramped. It is absolutely the fastest product ramp that we have done. It's a very complex product, chiplets, CoWoS, 3D integration, HBM. And so far, it's gone extremely well. We've gotten great support from our partners. And so I would say, even in the quarter that we just finished, we actually did a little bit better than expected when we first started the quarter. 
 I think Q2 will be another significant ramp. And we're going to ramp supply every quarter this year. So I think the supply chain is going well. We are tight on supply. So there's no question in the near term that if we had more supply, we have demand for that product, and we're going to continue to work on those elements as we go through the year. But I think both on the demand side and the supply side, I'm very pleased with how the ramp is going. 
Toshiya Hari: And then as my follow-up, I was hoping you could speak to your Data Center GPU road map beyond the MI300. The other concern that we hear is your nearest competitor has been pretty transparent with their road map, and that extends into '25 and oftentimes '26. So -- and maybe this isn't the right venue for you to give too much, but beyond the MI300, how should we think about your road map and your ability to compete in Data Center? 
Lisa Su: Yes, sure. So look, Toshiya, when we start with the road map, I mean, we always think about it as a multiyear, multigenerational road map. So we have the follow-ons to MI300 as well as the next, next generations well in development. I think what is true is we're getting much closer to our top AI customers. They're actually giving us significant feedback on the road map and what we need to meet their needs. 
 Our chiplet architecture is actually very flexible. And so that allows us to actually make changes to the road map as necessary. So we're very confident in our ability to continue to be very competitive. Frankly, I think we're going to get more competitive. Right now, I think MI300x is in a sweet spot for inference, very, very strong inference performance. 
 I see as we bring in additional products later this year into 2025, that, that will continue to be a strong spot for us. And then we're also enhancing our training performance and our software road map to go along with it. So more details to come in the coming months, but we have a strong road map that goes through the next couple of years, and it is informed by just a lot of learning in working with our top customers. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: The non-AI side of the Data Center business, it sounds like the enterprise side has some good traction even though the sequential drop happened seasonally, Lisa. But I was just wondering what's implied in your second quarter guidance for the Data Center CPU side of things? And generally speaking, how are you seeing that whole kind of GPU versus CPU crowding out dynamic playing out for the rest of 2024? 
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Ross, thanks for the question. I think the -- our EPYC business has actually performed pretty well. The market is a bit mixed. I think some of the cloud guys are still working through sort of their optimizations. I think it's different by customer. We did see here in the first quarter, actually, some very nice early signs in the enterprise space, sort of large customers starting refresh programs. The value proposition of Genoa is very, very strong, and we're seeing that pull through across the enterprise. 
 In the second quarter, we expect overall Data Center to be up strong double digits. And then within that, we expect server to be up as well. And as we go into the second half of the year, I think there are a couple of drivers for us. 
 We do expect some improvement in the overall market conditions for the server business. But we also have our Turin launch in the second half of the year that will also, we believe, extend our leadership position within the server market. So overall, I think the business is performing well, and we believe that we're continuing to be very well positioned to gain share throughout the year. 
Ross Seymore: And I guess as my follow-up, just switching over to the Client side. I noted you guided it up sequentially. Any sort of magnitude around that for the second quarter? And perhaps, more importantly, when you talk about the whole AI PC side of things, do you believe that's more of a units driver for you, an SAP driver, or will it be both? 
Lisa Su: Yes. So I think, again, I think we're pretty excited about the AI PC, both opportunity in, let's call it, the near term and even more so in the medium term. I think the client business is performing well, both on the channel and on the MNC side. We expect clients to be up sequentially in the second quarter. 
 And as we go into the second half of the year, to your question about units versus ASPs, I think we expect some increase in units as well as ASPs. The AI PC products, when we look at the Strix products, they're really well-suited for the premium segments of the market. And I think that's where you're going to see some of the AI PC content strongest in the beginning. And then as we go into 2025, you would see it more across the rest of the portfolio. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. 
Matthew Ramsay: Lisa, I have sort of a longer-term question and then a shorter-term follow-up one. I guess the -- one of the questions that I've been getting from folks a lot is, obviously, your primary competitor has announced, I guess, a multiyear road map. And we continue to hear more and more from other folks about internal ASIC programs at some of your primary customers, whether they be for inference or training or both. 
 I guess it'd be really helpful if you could just talk to us about how your conversations go with those customers, how committed they are to your long-term road map, multigeneration, as you described it, how they juxtapose doing investments of their internal silicon versus using a merchant supplier like yourselves and maybe what advantages the experience across a large footprint of customers can give your company that those guys doing internal ASICs might not get? 
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Matt. Thanks for the question. So look, I think one of the things that we see and we've said is that the TAM for AI compute is growing extremely quickly. And we see that continuing to be the case in all conversations. We had highlighted a TAM of let's call it, $400 billion in 2027. I think some people thought that was aggressive at the time. But the overall AI compute needs, as we talk to customers is very, very strong. And you've seen that in some of the announcements even recently with some of the largest cloud guys. 
 From my view, there are several aspects of it. First of all, we have great relationships with all of sort of the top AI companies. And the idea there is we want to innovate together. When you look at these large language models and everything that you need for training and inferencing there, although -- there will be many solutions. I don't think there's just one solution that will fit all. The GPU is still the preferred architecture, especially as the algorithms and the models are continuing to evolve over time. And that favors our architecture and also our ability to really optimize CPU with GPU. 
 So from my standpoint, I think we're very happy with the partnerships that we have. I think this is a huge opportunity for all of us to really innovate together. And we see that there's a very strong commitment to working together over multiple years going forward. And that's, I think, a testament to some of the work that we've done in the past, and that very much is what happened with the EPYC road map as well. 
Matthew Ramsay: Lisa, as my follow-up, a little bit shorter term. And I guess, having followed the company super closely for a long time, I think there's been -- there's always been noise in the system from whether the stock price is $2 a share or $200. There's been kind of always consistent noise one way or the other, but the last 1.5 months has been extreme in that sense. 
 And so I wanted to just -- I got random reports by inbox about changes in demand from some of your MI300 customers or planned demand for consuming your product. I think you answered earlier about the supply situation and how you're working with your partners there. But has there been any change from the customers that you're in ramp with now or that you soon will be of what their intention is for demand? Or in fact, has that maybe strengthened rather than gone down in recent periods because I keep getting questions about it? 
Lisa Su: Sure, Matt. Look, I think I might have said it earlier, but maybe I'll repeat it again. I think the demand side is actually really strong. And what we see with our customers and what we are tracking very closely is customers moving from, let's call it, initial POCs to pilots to full-scale production to deployment across multiple workloads. And we're moving through that sequence very well. I feel very good about the deployments and ramps that we have ongoing right now. 
 And I also feel very good about new customers who are sort of earlier on in that process. So from a demand standpoint, we continue to build backlog as well as build engagements going forward. And similarly, on the supply standpoint, we're continuing to build supply momentum. But from a speed of ramp standpoint, I'm actually really pleased with the progress. 
Operator: Our next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. 
Aaron Rakers: I apologize if I missed this earlier, but I know last quarter, you talked about having a -- securing enough capacity to support significant upside to the ramp of the MI300. I know that you upped your guide now to $4 billion. I'm curious how you would characterize the supply relative to that context offered last quarter as we think about that new kind of target for? Would you characterize it as still having supply capacity upside potential? 
Lisa Su: Yes, Aaron. So we've said before that our goal is to ensure that we have supply that exceeds the current guidance, and that is true. So as we've upped our guidance from $3.5 billion to $4 billion, we still -- we have supply visibility significantly beyond that. 
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, going back to an earlier question on server demand, more traditional server. As you see the ramp of maybe share opportunities in more traditional enterprise, I'm curious how you would characterize the growth that you expect to see a more traditional server CPU market as we move through '24 or even longer term, how you'd characterize that growth trend? 
Lisa Su: Yes. I think, Aaron, what I would say is there are -- the need for refresh of, let's call it, older equipment is certainly there. So we see a refresh cycle coming. We also see AI head nodes as another place where we see growth in, let's call it, the more traditional SSD market. Our sweet spot is really in the highest performance, sort of high core count, energy efficiency space, and that is playing out well. 
 And we're also -- we've traditionally been very strong in, let's call it, cloud first-party workloads, and that is now extending to cloud third-party workloads, where we see enterprises who are, let's call it, in more of a hybrid environment, adopting AMD both in the cloud and on-prem. So I think, overall, we see it as a continued good progression for us with the server business going through 2024 and beyond. 
Operator: Our next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. 
Vivek Arya: Lisa, I just wanted to go back to the supply question and the $4 billion outlook for this year. I think at some point, there was a suggestion that the $4 billion number, right, that there are still supply constraints. But I think at a different point, you said that you have supply visibility significantly beyond that. 
 Given that we are almost at the middle of the year, I would have thought that you would have much better visibility about the back half. So is the $4 billion number a supply-constrained number, or is it a demand-constrained number? Or alternatively, if you could give us some sense of what the exit rate of your GPU sales could be. I think on the last call, $1.5 billion was suggested. Could it be a lot more than that in terms of your exit rate of MI for this year? 
Lisa Su: Yes. Vivek, let me try to make sure that we answered this question clearly. From a full year standpoint, our $4 billion number is not supply capped -- I'm sorry, yes, it's not supply capped. It is -- we do have supply capability above that. It is more back half weighted. So if you're looking at sort of the near term, I would say, for example, in the second quarter, we do have more demand than we have supply right now, and we're continuing to work on pulling in some of that supply. 
 By the way, I think this is an overall industry issue. This is not at all related to AMD. I think overall, AI demand has exceeded anyone's expectations in 2024. So you've heard it from the memory guys. You've heard it from the foundry guys. We're all ramping capacity as we go through the year. 
 And as it relates to visibility, we do have good visibility into what's happening. As I said, we have great customer engagements that are going forward. My goal is to make sure that we pass all of the milestones as we're ramping products. And as we pass those milestones, we put that into the overall full year guidance for AI. 
 But in terms of how customer progression, things are going, they're actually going quite well. And we continue to bring new customers on, and we continue to expand workloads with our current customers. And so hopefully, that clarifies the question, Vivek. 
Vivek Arya: Maybe one, not on MI, but maybe on the Embedded business. I think you sound a bit more measured about Q2 and the second half rebound, which is similar to what we have heard from a lot of the auto industrial peers. But where are you in the inventory clearing cycle? And if Embedded has a somewhat more measured rebound in the back half, what implication does that have on gross margin expansion? Can we continue to expect, I don't know, 100 basis points a quarter in terms of gross margin expansion because of the Data Center mix? Or just any puts and takes of Embedded and then what it means for gross margins in the back half? 
Jean Hu: Vivek, thank you for the question. I think the Embedded business declined a little bit more than expected, really due to the weaker demand in some of the markets, very specifically, communication has been weak. And some pockets of industrial and automotive, as you mentioned, it's actually quite consistent with the peers. 
 Second half, we do think the first half is the bottom of Embedded business and will start to see gradual recovery in the second half. And going back to your gross margin question is, when you look at our gross margin expansion in both Q1 and the guide at Q2, the primary driver is the strong performance on the Data Center side. The Data Center will continue to ramp in second half. I think that will continue to be the major driver of gross margin expansion in second half. Of course, if Embedded is doing better, we'll have a more tailwind in the second half. 
Operator: Our next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. 
Timothy Arcuri: I also wanted to ask about your data center GPU road map. The customers that we talk to say that they're engaged, not just because of MI300, but really because of what's coming. And it seems like there's a big demand shift to rack scale systems that try to optimize performance per square foot given some of the data center and power constraints. So can you just talk about how important systems are going to be in your road map? And do you have all the pieces you need as the market shifts to rack scale systems? 
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Timothy. Thanks for the question. For sure, look, our customers are engaged in the multigenerational conversation. So we're definitely going out over the next couple of years. And as it relates to the overall system integration, it is quite important. It is something that we're working very closely with our customers and partners on. That's a significant investment in networking, working with a number of networking partners as well to make sure that the scale-out capability is there. 
 And to your question of do we have the pieces? We do absolutely have the pieces, I think the work that we've always done with our Infinity Fabric as well as with our Pensando acquisition that's brought in a lot of networking expertise. And then we're working across the networking ecosystem with key partners like Broadcom and Cisco and Arista, who are with us at our AI data center event in December. 
 So our work right now in future generations is not just specifying a GPU, it is specifying, let's call it, full system reference designs. And that's something that will be quite important going forward. 
Timothy Arcuri: And then just as a quick follow-up. I know this year it looks like it's going to be pretty back-half loaded in your server CPU business, just like it was last year. I know you kind of held our hands at about this time last year sort of on what the full year could look like and how back-end loaded it could be. 
 So I kind of wonder, could you give us some milestones in terms of how much server CPU could grow this year, how back-end loaded it could be? Is it like up 30% this year for your server CPU business year-over-year? Is that a reasonable bogey? I just wonder if you can kind of give us any guidance on that piece of the business? 
Lisa Su: Yes. I mean, I think, Tim, I think the best way to say it is our Data Center segment is on a very, very strong ramp as we go through the back half of the year. Server CPUs, certainly, Data Center GPUs, for sure. So I don't know that we're going to get into specifics, but I could say, in general, you should expect overall at the segment level to be very strong double digits. 
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. 
Joseph Moore: I wonder if you could address the profitability of MI300. I know you said a couple of quarters ago that it would eventually be above corporate average, but it would take you a few quarters to get there. Can you talk about where you are in that? 
Jean Hu: Yes. Thank you, Joe. Our team has done an incredible job to ramp MI300. As you probably know, it's a very complex product, and we are still at the first year of the ramp, both from yield, the testing time and the process improvement, those things are still ongoing. We do think over time, the gross margin should be accretive to corporate average. 
Joseph Moore: Great. And then as a separate follow-up. On the Turin transition on server, I know when you had transitioned in generally, you said it could take a little while, that there were significant platform shifts and things like that. Turin seems to be much more kind of ecosystem compatible. How quickly do you think you might see that product ramp within our server portfolio? 
Lisa Su: Yes. Joe, I think from what we see, look, think Turin is the same platform so that does make it an easier ramp. I do think that Genoa and Turin will coexist for some amount of time because customers are deciding when they're going to bring out their new platforms. We expect Turin to give us access to a broader set of workloads. So our SAM actually expands with Turin, both in enterprise and cloud. And from our experience, I think you'll see a faster transition than, for example, when we went from Milan to Genoa. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: For my first one, I wanted to address the MI300 ramp into Q2. So you said you've done $1 billion, give or take, in cumulative sales, which puts it at maybe, I don't know, maybe $600 million in Q1. You're guiding total revenues up about $225 million into Q2, but you've got Client up, you've got traditional Data Center up, you've got Embedded flat. Gaming is going to be down, but I'd hazard a guess that the client and traditional Data Center offset it, if not more. Does the MI300 ramp into Q2? Is it more or less than the total corporate ramp that you've got built into guidance right now that you're expecting? 
Jean Hu: Stacy, thanks for the question. You always ask a math question. So I think, in general, it is more. The Data Center GPU ramp, it will be more than the overall company's $200-some million ramp. 
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. So that means Gaming must be down like a lot, right, if client [indiscernible] 
Jean Hu: Yes, yes, you're right. Gaming is down similar zip code like  Q1. 
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. 
Jean Hu: So maybe -- yes, maybe let me give you some color about the Gaming business, right? If you look at the Gaming, the demand has been quite weak, that's quite very well-known and also their inventory level. So based on the visibility we have, the first half, both Q1, Q2, we guided down sequentially more than 30%. We actually think the second half will be lower than first half. 
 That's basically how we're looking at this year for the Gaming business. And at the same time, Gaming's gross margin is lower than our company average. So overall, will help the mix on the gross margin side. That's just some color on the Gaming side. But you're right, Q2 Gaming is down a lot. 
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. For my second question, I wanted to look at the near-term Data Center profitability. So operating profit was down 19% sequentially on 2% revenue growth. Is that just the margins of the GPUs filtering in relative to the CPUs? And I know you said GPUs would eventually be above corporate average. Are they below the CPU average? I mean they clearly are, I guess, in the near term, but are they going to stay that way? 
Jean Hu: Yes. I think you're right. It's -- the GPU gross margin right now is below the Data Center gross margin level, I think there are 2 reasons. Actually, the major reason is we actually increased the investment quite significantly to, as Lisa mentioned, to expand and accelerating our road map in the AI side. That's one of the major drivers for the operating income coming down slightly. 
 On the gross margin side, going back to your question, we said in the past, and we continue to believe the case is, Data Center GPU gross margin over time will be accretive to corporate average. But it will take a while to get to the Server level for gross margin. 
Operator: Our next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: On your Data Center GPU segment and the faster time to production shipments, given you just upped your full year GPU outlook, how much of it is faster bring up of your customers' frameworks driven by your latest ROCm software platform and maybe stronger collaboration with your customers' engineers just to get them to call faster? And how much of it is just a more aggressive build-out plan by customers versus their prior expectations given what appears to be a pretty strong urgency for them to move forward with their important AI initiatives? 
Lisa Su: Yes. Harlan, thank you for the question. What it really is, is both us and our customers feeling confident in broadening the ramp? Because if you think about it, first of all, the ROCm stock has done really well. And the work that we're doing is hand in hand with our customers to optimize their key models. And it was important to get sort of verification and validation that everything would run well, and we've now passed some important milestones in that area. .
 And then I think the other thing is, as you said, there is a huge demand for more AI compute. And so our ability to participate in that and help customers get that up and running is great. So I think, overall, as we look at it, this ramp has been very, very aggressive as you think about where we were just a quarter ago. Each of these are pretty complex bring ups. And I'm very happy with how they've gone. And by the way, we're only sitting here in April. So there's still a lot of 2024 to go, and there's a great customer momentum in the process. 
Harlan Sur: Yes, absolutely. Just going back, just kind of rewinding back to the March quarter. So similar to the PC Client business, right, which declined at the low end of the seasonal range, if I make certain assumptions around your Data Center GPU business, x that out of Data Center, it looks like your Server CPU business was also down at the lower end of the seasonal range. By my math, it was down like 5%, 6% sequentially. Is that right? 
 And that's less than half the decline of your competitor. And if so, like what drove the less-than-seasonal declines? I assume some of it was share gains. It sounds like Enterprise was also better. Looks like you guys did drive a little bit more cloud instance adoption, but anything else that drove to a slightly better seasonal pattern in March for Data Center? Server? 
Jean Hu: Yes. Harlan, this is Jean. I think the Server business has been performing really well. Year-over-year, it actually increased a very strong double digit. I think, sequentially, it is more seasonal, but we feel pretty good about continue gaining share there. 
Lisa Su: Yes. And if I'd just add, Harlan, to your question, we did see strength in enterprise in the first quarter. And I think that has -- that offset perhaps some of the normal seasonality. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tom O'Malley with Barclays. 
Thomas O'Malley: I just wanted to ask on the competitive environment. Obviously, on the CPU side, you had a competitor talk about launching a high core count product in the coming quarter, kind of ramping now and more so into Q3. You've seen really good pricing tailwinds as a function of the higher core capital. Can you talk about what you're seeing in that market? Do you think that there's any risk for more aggressive pricing, which would impact your ASP ramp for the rest of the year? 
Lisa Su: Yes. When we look at our server CPU sort of ASPs, they're actually very stable. I think we -- again, we tend to be indexed towards the higher core counts. Overall, I would say, the pricing environment is stable. This is about sort of TCO for sort of the customer environment and sort of our performance and our performance per watt, our leadership. And that usually translates into TCO advantage for our customers. 
Thomas O'Malley: Helpful. And then just a broader question to follow up here. So I think you got asked earlier about the importance of systems. But on your end, how important is the Open Ethernet Consortium to you being able to move forward to systems? I know that, today, you obviously have some internal assets and then you can partner with others. But is there a way that you could be competitive before there is an industry standard on the Ethernet side? And can you talk about when you think the timing of that kind of consortium comes to market and enables you to maybe accelerate that road map? 
Lisa Su: Yes. I think it's very important to say we are very supportive of the open ecosystem. We're very supportive of the Ultra Ethernet Consortium. But I don't believe that, that is a limiter to our ability to build large-scale systems. I think Ethernet is something that many in the industry feel will be the long-term answer for networking in these systems, and we have a lot of work that we're doing with internally as well as with our customers and partners to enable that. 
Operator: Our last question is from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. 
Harsh Kumar: Lisa, I had two. One is for you and one perhaps for Jean. So we recently hosted a very large custom GPU company for a call. And they talked about kind of mega data centers coming up in the near to midterm, talking about nodes potentially in the 100,000-plus range and maybe up to 1 million. So as we look out at these kinds of data centers, from an architectural standpoint, it's not a situation where winner takes all, where if somebody gets in, they kind of get all the sockets? 
 Or will there reliance where your chip perhaps or your board can be placed right next to somebody else's board maybe on a separate line? Just help us understand how something like that would play out if there's a  chance for more than 1 competitor to play in such a large data center? 
Lisa Su: Yes. So I'll talk maybe a little bit more at the strategic level. I think as we look at sort of how AI shapes up over the next few years, there are customers who would be looking at very large training environments and perhaps that's what you're talking about. I think our view of that is, number one, we view that as a very attractive area for AMD. It's an area where we believe we have the technology to be very competitive there. 
 And I think the desire would be to have optionality in terms of how you build those out. So obviously, a lot has to happen between here and there. But I think your overarching question of. Is it winner takes all? I don't think so. That being the case, we believe that AMD is very well positioned to play in those, let's call it, of very large scale systems. 
Harsh Kumar: That's wonderful. And then maybe a quick one for Jean. So Jean, I put everything into the model that you talked about for June, I get about more or less a $400 million rise in the June quarter over March. You mentioned that both MI300 and EPYC will grow. Curious if you could help us think about the relative sizing of those 2 segments within the growth? I'm getting -- the point I'm trying to make is I'm getting roughly about a $900 million number for MI300 for June. Is that -- am I in the ballpark? Or am I way off here? 
Jean Hu: Harsh, we're not going to guide a specific segment below the segment revenue. I think the most important thing is that we did say Data Center is going to grow double digit sequentially. I will leave it over there. Subsegment, there are a lot of details. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the floor back over to management for any closing comments. 
Mitchell Haws: Great. That concludes today's call. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. 
Lisa Su: Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the AMD Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you, Mitch Haws, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mitch. You may begin.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, John, and welcome to AMD's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. By now you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and the accompanying slides. If you've not had the chance to review these materials, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and the slides posted on our website. Participants on today's call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Mark Papermaster, Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer will attend the Bernstein Tech, Media, Telecom & Consumer One-on-One Forum on Tuesday, February 28th; and Jean Hu, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer will attend the Wolfe Research Semiconductor Conference on Tuesday, February 15th and the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom Conference on March 5th. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. With that, I'll hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Mitch, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. We finished 2023 strong as Data Center sales accelerated significantly throughout the year, despite the mixed demand environment. As a result, we delivered record Data Center segment annual revenue and strong top-line and bottom-line growth in the fourth quarter, driven by the ramp of Instinct AI accelerators and robust demand for EPYC server CPUs across cloud, enterprise and AI customers. Looking at our financial results. Fourth quarter revenue increased 10% year-over-year to $6.2 billion, driven by a significant double-digit percentage growth in our Data Center and Client segments. On a full year basis, annual revenue declined 4% to $22.7 billion as record Data Center and Embedded segment annual revenue was offset by lower Client and Gaming segment revenue. Importantly, Data Center and Embedded segment annual revenue grew by $1.2 billion and accounted for more than 50% of revenue in 2023 as we gained server share, launched our next-generation Instinct AI accelerators and maintained our position as the industry's largest provider of adaptive computing solutions. Turning to the fourth quarter business results. Data Center segment revenue grew 38% year-over-year and 43% sequentially to a record $2.3 billion. Server CPU and Data Center GPU sales both set quarterly and annual revenue records as sales of our Data Center products accelerated throughout the year. We gained server CPU revenue share in the quarter, driven by significant double-digit percentage growth in 4th Gen EPYC Processor revenue and demand for our 3rd Gen EPYC Processor portfolio. In Cloud, while the overall demand environment remained soft, server CPU revenue increased year-over-year and sequentially as North American hyperscalers expanded 4th Gen EPYC Processor deployments to power their internal workloads and public instances. Amazon, Alibaba, Google, Microsoft and Oracle brought more than 55 AMD-powered AI, HPC and general-purpose cloud instances into preview or general availability in the fourth quarter. Exiting 2023, there were more than 800 EPYC CPU based public cloud instances available. We expect this number to grow in 2024 based on the leadership performance, efficiency and features of our EPYC CPU portfolio. In Enterprise, sales accelerated by a significant double-digit percentage in the quarter as we built momentum with Forbes 2000 customers. We closed multiple wins with large financial, energy, automotive, retail, technology and pharmaceutical companies, positioning us well for continued growth, based on expanded production deployments planned for 2024. A growing number of customers are adopting EPYC CPUs for inferencing workloads, where our leadership throughput performance deliver significant advantages on smaller models like Llama 7B, as well as the power head nodes in large training and inference clusters. Looking ahead, customer excitement for our upcoming Turin family of EPYC Processors is very strong. Turin is a drop-in replacement for existing 4th Gen EPYC platforms that extends our performance, efficiency and TCO leadership with the addition of our next-gen Zen 5 core, new memory expansion capabilities and higher core counts. Internal and end customer validation work is progressing to plan with Turin on track to deliver overall performance leadership, as well as leadership on a per core or per watt basis across a wide range of workloads when it launches later this year. Turning to our Broader Data Center portfolio. Our Data Center GPU business accelerated significantly in the quarter, with revenue exceeding our $400 million expectations, driven by a faster ramp for MI300X with AI customers. We launched our MI300 accelerator family in December with strong partner and ecosystem support from multiple large cloud providers, all the major OEMs and many leading AI developers. MI300X GPUs deliver leadership generated AI performance by combining our high-performance CDNA 3 architecture with industry-leading memory bandwidth and capacity. Customer response to MI300 has been overwhelmingly positive. And we are aggressively ramping production to support the dozens of cloud, enterprise and supercomputing customers deploying Instinct accelerators. In Cloud, we are working closely with Microsoft, Oracle, Meta and other large cloud customers on Instinct GPU deployments, powering both their internal AI workloads and external offerings. For Enterprise customers, HPE, Dell, Lenovo, Supermicro and other server vendors are on track to launch differentiated MI300 platforms later this quarter with strong demand from multiple enterprise customers. In HPC Supercomputing, we shipped the majority of AMD Instinct MI300A accelerators for the El Capitan supercomputer in the fourth quarter and expect to complete shipments this quarter for what is expected to be the world's fastest supercomputer when it comes online later this year. We also closed new Instinct GPU wins in the quarter, including the flagship system at the German High Performance Computing Center, HLRS, as well as what is expected to be one of the world's most powerful enterprise supercomputers for energy company Eni. On AI software development, we made significant progress expanding the ecosystem of AI developers working on AMD platforms with the release of our ROCm 6 software suite. The ROCm 6 stack significantly increases performance and key generative AI workloads, adds expanded support and optimizations for additional frameworks and libraries and simplifies the overall developer experience. The additional functionality and optimizations of ROCm 6 and the growing volume of contributions from the Open Source AI Software community are enabling multiple large hyperscale and enterprise customers to rapidly bring up their most advanced large language models on AMD Instinct accelerators. For example, we are very pleased to see how quickly Microsoft was able to bring up GPT-4 on MI300X in their production environment and rollout Azure private previews of new MI300 instances aligned with the MI300X launch. At the same time, our partnership with Hugging Face, the leading open platform for the AI community, now enables hundreds of thousands of AI models to run out of the box on AMD GPUs and we are extending that collaboration to our other platforms. Looking ahead, our prior guidance was for Data Center GPU revenue to be flattish from Q4 to Q1 and exceed $2 billion for 2024. Based on the strong customer pool and expanded engagements, we now expect Data Center GPU revenue to grow sequentially in the first quarter and exceed $3.5 billion in 2024. We have also made significant progress with our supply chain partners and have secured additional capacity to support upside demand. Turning to our Client segment. Revenue was $1.5 billion, an increase of 62% year-over-year and flat sequentially. We launched our latest generation Ryzen 8000 series notebooks and desktop processors in January, including our Ryzen 8040 Mobile series that combined leadership compute performance and energy efficiency with an updated MPU that delivers up to 60% more AI performance compared to our prior generation that was already industry-leading. Acer, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, MSI and other large PC OEMs will all offer notebooks powered by our Ryzen 8000 series processors with the first systems expected to go on sale in February. To further our leadership in AI PCs, we launched our Ryzen 8000 G-series processors earlier this month, which are the industry's first desktop CPUs with an integrated AI engine. Millions of AI PCs powered by Ryzen processors have shipped to date and Ryzen CPUs power more than 90% of AI-enabled PCs currently in market. Our work with Microsoft and our PC ecosystem partners to enable the next-generation of AI PCs expanded significantly in the quarter. We are aggressively driving our Ryzen AI CPU roadmap to extend our AI leadership, including our next-gen Strix processors that are expected to deliver more than three times the AI performance of our Ryzen 7040 series processors. Strix combines our next-gen, Zen 5 core with enhanced RDNA graphics and an updated Ryzen AI engine to significantly increase the performance, energy efficiency and AI capabilities of PCs. Customer momentum for Strix is strong with the first notebooks on track to launch later this year. Looking at 2024, we are planning for the PC TAM to grow modestly year-on-year, weighted towards the second half as AI PCs ramp. We continue to see strong growth opportunities for our client business as we ramp our current products, extend our AIPC leadership and launch our next wave of Zen 5 CPUs. Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue declined 17% year-over-year and 9% sequentially to $1.4 billion as lower semi-custom revenue was partially offset by increased sales of Radeon GPUs. Semi-custom SoC sales declined in line with our projections in the quarter. Going forward, we now expect annual revenue to decline by a significant double-digit percentage year-over-year as supply caught up with demand in 2023, and we entered the fifth year of what has been a very strong console cycle. In Gaming Graphics, revenue grew both year-over-year and sequentially, driven by strong demand in the channel for both our Radeon 6000 and Radeon 7000 series GPUs. We expanded our Radeon 7000 GPU series with the launch of new RX 7600 XT Series enthusiast desktop GPUs earlier this month that offer leadership price performance for 1080p gaming. We also launched new open source FidelityFX Super Resolution 3 software that can deliver significantly higher gaming frame rates on both GPUs and APUs. Turning to our Embedded segment. Revenue decreased 24% year-over-year and 15% sequentially to $1.1 billion as customers focused on reducing their inventory levels. We expanded our embedded portfolio in the quarter with new leadership solutions for key markets. We launched new Versal Prime adaptive SoCs for the aerospace, test and measurement, health care and communications markets that deliver industry-first support for DDR5 memory and increased DSP capability compared to our prior generation. In automotive, we launched new Versal SoC solutions that bring industry-leading AI compute capabilities and advanced safety and security features to next-generation vehicles. We also launched Ryzen embedded processors with unmatched performance and features for industrial automation, machine vision, robotics and edge server applications. Looking at 2024, we expect overall embedded demand will remain soft through the first half of the year as customers continue to focus on normalizing their inventory levels. Longer term, we're very confident in the growth trajectory of our Embedded business as our expanded product portfolio drove more than $10 billion of design wins in 2023, an increase of more than 25% compared to 2022. In summary, I'm very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results. For 2024, we expect the demand environment to remain mixed, with strong growth in our Data Center and Client segments, offset by declines in our Embedded and Gaming segments. Against this backdrop, we believe we will deliver strong annual revenue growth and expand gross margin, driven by the strength of our Instinct EPYC and Ryzen product portfolios. Taking a step back, we believe AI is a once-in-a-generation transition that will reshape virtually every portion of the computing market, starting in the Data Center and then expanding into PCs and across multiple embedded markets. We have built excellent customer traction based on the strength of our multiyear AI hardware and software road maps, and we see clear opportunities to drive our next wave of growth as we deliver leadership AI solutions across our portfolio. In the Data Center, we see 2024 as a start of a multiyear AI adoption cycle with the market for Data Center AI accelerators growing to approximately $400 billion in 2027. Customer deployments of our Instinct GPUs continues accelerating, with MI300 now tracking to be the fastest revenue ramp of any product in our history, and positioning us well to capture significant share over the coming years based on the strength of our multi-generation Instinct GPU road map and open source ROCm software strategy. In PCs, we are focused on delivering our long-term road maps with leadership Ryzen AI NPU capabilities to enable differentiated experiences as Microsoft and our other software partners bring new AI capabilities to PC starting later this year. At the same time, we are rapidly driving leadership AI compute capabilities across the full breadth of our embedded product portfolio. This is an incredibly exciting time for the industry and even more exciting time for AMD as our leadership IP, broad product portfolio and deep customer relationships position us well to deliver significant revenue growth and earnings expansion over the next several years. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year financial results. Jean?
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results and then provide our current outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. AMD executed well in 2023 despite of a mixed market demand environment, delivering revenue of $22.7 billion and earnings per share of $2.65. We drove year-over-year revenue growth in our Embedded and Data Center segments. In addition, we successfully launched our AMD Instinct MI300 GPUs, positioning us for a strong ramp in 2024 in the AI market. For the fourth quarter of 2023, revenue was $6.2 billion, growing 10% year-over-year as revenue growth in the Data Center and the Client segments was partially offset by the lower revenue in our Embedded and Gaming segment. Revenue was up 6% sequentially, primarily driven by the ramp of AMD Instinct GPUs across several leading customers and higher revenue from EPYC server processors, partially offset by the decline in Embedded and Gaming segment revenues. Gross margin was 51%, flat year-over-year, with higher revenue contribution from the Data Center and the Client segments offset by lower Embedded segment revenue. Operating expenses were $1.7 billion, an increase of 8% year-over-year as we invest in R&D and marketing activities to support our significant AI growth opportunities. Operating income was $1.4 billion, representing a 23% operating margin. Taxes, interest expense and other was $163 million. For the fourth quarter of 2023, diluted earnings per share was $0.77, an increase of 12% year-over-year. Now turning to our reportable segments. Starting with the Data Center segment, revenue was $2.3 billion, up 38% year-over-year and 43% sequentially driven by strong growth of both AMD Instinct GPU and the Fourth Generation AMD EPYC CPU sales. Data Center segment operating income was $666 million or 29% of revenue compared to $444 million or 27% a year ago. Higher operating income was primarily due to operating liability driven by higher revenue. Client segment revenue was $1.5 billion, up 62% year-over-year, driven by Ryzen 7000 Series CPU sales. Client segment operating income was $55 million or 4% of revenue compared to an operating loss of $152 million a year ago driven by higher revenue. Gaming segment revenue was $1.4 billion, down 17% year-over-year and 9% sequentially due to a decrease in semi customer revenue, partially offset by increase in Radeon GPU sales. Gaming segment operating income was $224 million or 16% of revenue compared to $266 million or 16% a year ago. Embedded segment revenue was $1.1 billion, down 24% year-over-year and 15% sequentially as customers continue to work down their inventory levels. Embedded segment operating income was $461 million or 44% of revenue compared to $699 million or 50% a year ago. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $381 million in cash from operations and the free cash flow was $242 million. Inventory decreased sequentially by $94 million to $4.4 billion. At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment was strong at $5.8 billion. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares and returned $233 million to shareholders. For the year, we repurchased 10 million shares and returned $985 million to shareholders. We have $5.6 billion in remaining share repurchase authorization. Now turning to our first quarter of 2024 outlook. We expect revenue to be approximately $5.4 billion plus or minus $300 million. Sequentially, we expect Data Center segment revenue to be flat, with the seasonal decline in server sales offset by strong Data Center GPU ramp. Embedded revenue to decline as customers continue to work down their inventory levels. Client segment revenue to decline seasonally. And in the Gaming segment as we enter the fifth year of what has been a very strong gaming cycle and given current customer inventory levels, we expect revenue to decline by significant double-digit percentage. Year-over-year, we expect Data Center and Client segment revenues to increase by strong double-digit percentage given the strength of our product portfolio and the share gain opportunities. Embedded Segment to decline and the Gaming segment revenue to decline by significant double-digit percentage. In addition, we expect first quarter non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 52%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.73 billion. Non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13% and the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.63 billion shares. While we are not providing specific full year guidance for 2024, let me provide some color. Directionally, for the year, we expect 2024 Data Center and the Client segment revenue to increase driven by the strengths of our product portfolio and the share gain opportunities. Embedded segment revenue to decline and the Gaming segment revenue to decline by significant double-digit percentage. We expect to expand gross margin in 2024 and continue to invest to address the large AI opportunities while driving operating model leverage to deliver earnings per share growth faster than top line revenue growth. In closing, we delivered solid financial results in 2023. We further strengthening our product portfolio and establishing ourselves as a leading provider of Data Center GPUs for AI. We are very well positioned to build on this momentum and deliver strong financial performance in 2024 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it back to Mitch for the Q&A session.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Jean. John, we're happy to poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mitch. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. Just kind of framing the outlook and the guidance for this calendar first quarter. I guess the first question is, can you help us on a relative basis the $400 million of Data Center GPU revenue that you expected in Q4. What did that ultimately kind of fell off to be? And then, on the guidance into 1Q, can you help us appreciate what seasonal is defined as, as we think about the server business into the 1Q guide?
Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. Let me start and then see if Jean has something to add. So, relative to the Data Center GPU business, we were very pleased with performance that we saw in the fourth quarter. It was always going to be a very sort of back-end quarter weighted as we were ramping the product and we saw MI300A, our HPC product actually ramped very well. And then we saw MI300X. The AI product actually exceed our expectations based on strong customer demand, the way the qualifications went and then the ramp -- manufacturing ramp. So, we were over $400 million for that business in the fourth quarter. And then, going into the first quarter, as we look at the business, server seasonality, call it, something around, let's call it, high-single-digit, low-double-digit. There are also some other pieces of the Data Center business. I think, the key piece of it is we had originally expected the ramp to be a little bit more shallow of our MI300X and what we're seeing now is the supply chain is operating really well, and the customer demand is strong. And so, we will see MI300X increase as we go into the first quarter, and things are going relatively well so.
Jean Hu: Yeah, Aaron, I'll give you some color about Client seasonality and others. So, Client is very similar to server, typically Q1 is high-single-digit to low-double-digit. That's consistent with past. On the Embedded side, it's very consistent with what we said in the past and the consistent with what you see in the industry's Embedded business is going through a bottoming process, and we think Q1, it will have a low-double-digit sequential decline. That's Embedded. On the Gaming side, Lisa mentioned during his -- her prepared remarks is we have the latest stage of product cycle in the year five of gaming console. But at the same time, we also have inventory at the customers. So, the combination of those impact, we expect the Q1 Gaming sequential declines probably more than 30%, so hopefully that help you a little bit.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Very helpful, Jean. And as a quick follow-up, I'm just curious. The traditional server demand that you see, I know when we looked at server CPU, shipments are down north of 20% year-over-year. Are you seeing any signals or how are you thinking about a recovery in that traditional, call it, non-AI general-purpose server market as we move through '24?
Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. So look, I think, I agree with your characterization of the 2023 demand, although we did see some strong progress in the second half of the year, especially as customers in Cloud and Enterprise adopted our Genoa and our Zen 4 family. So going into 2024, I would say the traditional server market is probably still mixed, especially into the first half of the year. There's still some cloud optimization going on, as well as sort of enterprise being a little bit cautious. That being the case though, we also see opportunities for us to continue to grow share in the traditional server business. I think our portfolio is extremely strong. The adoption of Genoa and Bergamo, as well as our new Siena product lines are getting a lot of traction. And then, we also see Turin, our Zen 5 product coming in the second half of the year. So, even in a mixed demand environment, I think we're bullish on what traditional server CPUs can do in 2024.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Lisa, I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit of sense in terms of the milepost that you're kind of marching toward on this $400 billion TAM that you have for 2027. For example, do you think you can gain share at a rate that's kind of similar to the rate that you gained share for server CPU or I guess maybe asked a different way, is it reasonable to kind of look at your consumer GPU share of 20 plus percent, is that a reasonable bogey, or do you have aspirations higher than that, perhaps?
Lisa Su: Yeah. Thanks, Tim, for the question. I would say a couple of things. First of all, we're really pleased with the progress that we've made in our Data Center GPU business. I think the ramp that we've seen, the customer traction that we've seen even in the last few months, I think has been great. And that gives us a lot of confidence in the ramp of this business. I think the beauty of the AI market here is, it's growing so quickly that I think we have both the market dynamic as well as our ability to gain share in that framework. The point I will make is our customer engagements right now are all quite strategic, dozens of customers with multi-generational conversations. So, as excited as we are about the ramp of MI300 and, frankly, there's a lot to do in 2024. We are also very excited about the opportunities to extend that into the next couple of years out into that '25, '26, '27 timeframe. So, I think, we see a lot of growth. I think it's a little early to make market share projections, but I would say it's a significant growth driver given the market demand, as well as our own product capabilities.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Jean, I guess as a follow-up. I know that you don't want to guide the full year. But I'm wondering if I can pin you down just to touch on maybe a milepost that you're kind of marching to for 2024 growth is up 20% for the whole company. Is that a reasonable target? And then I guess within Data Center, if you just add the incremental Data Center GPU revenue and you assume that the server business grows a little bit, it seems like that should maybe double year-over-year, but I'm kind of wondering if you can give us any ranges on those numbers? Thanks.
Jean Hu: Hi, Tim. Thank you for the question. Yeah, we're not guiding a year. It's very early of the year, literally, January. I think the way to think about it is, Lisa mentioned during her prepared remarks we feel pretty good about both our Data Center and the Client business to grow in 2024. Of course, the largest incremental revenue opportunities are going to come from Data Center between both the server side gaining more share, and Data Center GPU side with the significant ramp up of our MI300. I think that's how we think about it. We do have a headwind from Gaming segment. We do think year-over-year, we'll see very significant double-digit decline on the Gaming segment. And at the same time Embedded is going through the bottoming process. We do think the second-half we will see the recovery. So those are the puts and takes. I can talk about it.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Lisa, I wanted to ask, I mean there's been so much focus and scrutiny as there should be on the really exciting progression with MI300 and I mean we've progressed over the last six months from I think some doubts in the investment community on to software and your ability to ramp the product and now you've proven that you're ramping it what, I think you said dozens of customers right across different end-markets. So, it's what I'm interested in hearing a little bit more about and you guys have been open about what some of the forward programs in your traditional server business look like from a roadmap perspective. I'd be interested to hear how you're thinking about the roadmap in your MI accelerator family. Is it going to -- they're going to continue to be parts that are CPU and GPU together? Or is that a primarily a GPU only roadmap? What kind of cadence are you thinking about? I'd just be, any kind of color you can give us on some of the forward roadmap trajectory for that program would be really helpful. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yeah, sure, Matt. So, I appreciate the comments. I think the traction that we're getting with the MI300 family is really strong. I think what's benefited us here is our use of chiplet technologies, which has given us the ability to have sort of both the APU version, as well as the GPU version and we continue to use that to differentiate ourselves and that's how we get our memory bandwidth and memory capacity advantages. As we go forward, you can imagine, like we did in the EPYC timeframe, we planned multiple generations in sequence. That's the way we're planning the roadmap. One of the things I will note about the AI accelerator market is the demand for compute is so high that we are seeing sort of an acceleration of the roadmap generations here and we are similarly planning acceleration of our roadmap. I would say that we'll talk more about the overall roadmap beyond MI300 as we get into later this year. But you can be assured that we're working very closely with our customers to have a very competitive roadmap for both training and inference that will come out over the next couple of years.
Matthew Ramsay: Thank you for that, Lisa. Just as a follow-up, I guess one of the questions that I've been getting a lot in different forms is, with respect to the $400 billion TAM that you guys have laid out for 2027. Maybe you could give us a little look under the hood as the, I guess, the -- I've got 100 versions of the same question which is, how the heck did you come up with that number. So, if you could give us a little bit more in terms of are we talking about systems and accelerator cards? Are we talking about just the silicon? Are we talking about full servers? And what kind of sort of unit assumptions? Any kind of thing that you can give us on-market sizing or what gives you the visibility so early into this generative AI trend to give a precise number of three years out? That would be really, really helpful. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure. Well, Matt, I don't know-how precise it is, but I think we said approximately $400 billion. But I think what we need to look at is growth rate and how do we get to those growth rates. I think we expect units to grow sort of substantial double-digit percentage. But you should also expect that content is going to grow. So, if you think about how important memory and memory capacity is as we go forward, you can imagine that we'll see acceleration there and just the overall content as we go to more advanced technology nodes. So, there's some ASP uplift in there. And then, what we also do is, we are planning longer-term roadmaps with our customers in terms of how they're thinking about sort of the size of training clusters, the number of training clusters. And then, the fact that we believe inference is actually going to exceed training as we go into the next couple of years just given as more enterprises adopt. So, I think as we look at all those pieces, I think we feel good that the growth rate is going to be significant and sustained over the next few years. In terms of what's in that TAM, it really is accelerator TAM. So, within accelerators, there are certainly GPUs and there will also be some ASICs that are other accelerators that are in that TAM. As we think about sort of the different types of models from smaller models to fine-tuning of models, to the largest large language models, I think you're going to need different silicon for those different use cases. But from our standpoint, GPUs are still going to be the sort of the compute element of choice when you're talking about training and inferencing on the largest language models.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I think you talked about the MI300 cloud workloads being kind of split between the more customer-facing workloads versus internal. Can you talk about how you see the breakdown of that and how is your ecosystem progressing? This is a brand-new chip. It seems impressive they are able to support kind of a broad range of customer-facing workloads and cloud.
Lisa Su: Yeah, sure, Joe. So, yes, look, we are really happy with how the MI300 has come up and we've now deployed and working with a number of customers. What we have seen is certainly ROCm 6 has been a very important, as well as the direct optimization with our top cloud customers. We always said that the best way of optimizing the software is working directly on the most important workloads. And we've seen performance come up nicely, which is what we expect frankly with the GPU capabilities that we would have to do some level of optimization, but the optimization has gone well. I think to your broader question. The way I look at this is, there are lots of opportunities for us to work directly with large customers, both on the Cloud side as well as on the Enterprise side, who have specific training and inferencing workloads. Our job is to make it as easy as possible for them and so our entire tool chain all of our, sort of the overall ROCm suite has really gone through significant progress over the last six to nine months. And then, we're also getting some nice support from the open-source community. So, the work that Hugging Face is doing is tremendous. In terms of just real-time optimization on our hardware, our partnership with OpenAI on Triton and our work across a number of these open source models has helped us actually make very rapid progress.
Joseph Moore: Great. And for my follow-up, I guess a lot of the forecasting of your business that I'm hearing is coming from supply chain and we're sort of hearing AMD is building X in Asia. I guess, how would you ask us to think about that? Are you looking at being kind of sold-out for the year and so the supply chain would be close to revenue? Are you building for the best-case scenario? Just I worry about sometimes expectations when people hear the supply chain numbers. And I'm just curious how you bridge the gap.
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, I mean, Joe, I think we updated our revenue expectations this quarter from our original number of $2 billion to $3.5 billion to try to give some bounding on some of the discussion out there. The way to think about the $3.5 billion is these are customers that we're working with, who have given us firm commitments on what they need. As you know, the lead times on these products are quite long. So, it's important to have those forecasts in early and we have a strong order book. So, that gives us good confidence to exceed the $3.5 billion. From a supply chain standpoint, our goal is always to build more supply we -- and so, from that standpoint, we have also worked with our supply chain partners and secured significant capacity. Think about it as first half capacity is tight and more comes on in the second half of the year, but we've certainly made more progress there. So, we do have more supply, and we're going to continue to work with our customers on their deployments and we'll update that number as we go through the year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thank you for taking the question. I had one on the MI300 as well, Lisa. I guess, first of all, how should we think about the quarterly trajectory beyond Q1? You talked about Q1 being up sequentially. Is it fair to assume kind of a straight line as we progress through the balance of the year? Or is it more second half skewed? How should we think about that? And I guess more importantly, some of the cloud potential customers that have yet to officially sign-up for or sign-off on the MI300. I guess what's the sticking point? Is it just a function of time and you just need a little bit more time to go back-and-forth and tweak things or is there a software kind of concern? I guess what's holding them back at this point?
Lisa Su: Yeah, Toshiya, thanks for the question. So, first on the MI300 trajectory. I think you would expect that revenue should increase every quarter from now through sort of the end of the year, but it will be a bit more second half weighted and part of that is just customers as they're finishing up their qualifications in their lines as well as sort of how our supply chain is ramping. So, yes, it should increase each quarter, but be a bit more second half weighted. And then, to your comment about customers, look, we are engaged with all of sort of the large customers. These are all folks that know what's really well, given our deep relationships in EPYC. I think people just have different adoption cycles as they consider what they're trying to do in their roadmap. But I view this as still very, very early innings for us in this space. And I think the question was asked earlier. I think the key is this is not just about MI300 conversation. But it really is about sort of our long-term multi-generational roadmap. And so, that's the context on which we're working with our largest customers, as well as, as you know, there's a lot of demand coming from folks that are more AI centric and not necessarily typical cloud customers, but more enterprise or let's call it AI-specific companies that we're also very well engaged with.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's super helpful. And then as my follow-up, maybe one for Jean on the gross margin side. You're guiding Q1 to 52%. I'm curious, again, I'm sure you're not going to give quantitative guidance beyond Q1, but how to think about the trajectory for Q2 and beyond? I'm pretty sure you're working through some kinks as it pertains to the Instinct ramp. Hopefully, that improves over time. So that should be a tailwind. FPGAs perhaps the second half turns for the better. And you've got server CPU volume growth throughout the year. So, it feels like you've got multiple tailwinds as we think about gross margin progression on a sequential basis. But what are the potential headwinds as we move throughout 2024? Thank you.
Jean Hu: Yeah, Toshiya, thank you for the question. Yeah, you're absolutely right. We have some puts and takes that impact our gross margin. We guided the Q1, 120 basis points higher than Q4 sequentially, primarily because the higher Data Center contribution actually more than offset the decline of Embedded business in Q1. Going forward, the way to think about it is as you said is the major driver is going to be Data Center business is going to grow much faster than other segment. That mix change will help us to expand the gross margin nicely. I think you also are spot on, the Embedded coming back in second half, which will be a tailwind. With the Data Center GPU, we are at the very early stage of ramp. We are improving testing time yield and continue to expand gross margin and we expect to be accretive to corporate average. So, those are all the tailwinds coming in the second half. I would say the headwinds side continue to be in the first half where we see Embedded business not only Q1 we see sequential decline, Q2 probably are going to be sequentially flattish versus Q1. That is a headwind for us. Because it does have a very nice gross margin. But overall, we feel pretty good about the trajectory of the gross margin improvement, especially second half.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for letting me ask the question. I wanted to get into the competitive environment. First on the Instinct side of things. How that's going? It doesn't seem to be slowing down your ramp whatsoever, but then also on the straight server CPU side of things. Lisa, you said you're gaining share in that area. But as we think about future road maps, pricing incentives, those sorts of things, any meaningful change in the competitive environment that you're seeing throughout 2024?
Lisa Su: Sure, Ross. So look, I think the environment for us is always competitive. So, I think that has not changed. If I look at the Instinct side, I think we have -- I think we've shown that MI300 and our roadmap are actually very competitive. There are some places where let's call it, it's more even like in the training environment. But as we look at the inferencing environment, we think we have significant advantages. And that's showing through in some of our customer work. So we think for both training and inference, we will continue to be very competitive. And then, as you go into the CPU side again, from our view, with each generation of EPYC, we've continued to gain share. I think, we exited the fourth quarter at record share for AMD. And we're still quite underrepresented in Enterprise. So I think there is an opportunity for us to continue to gain share as we go through 2024. From a competitive standpoint, what we see is Zen 4 is extremely competitive right now with Genoa, Bergamo, Siena. And as we go into Turin, we're deep in the design in-cycle for Zen 5 and Turin and we feel very good about how we're positioned.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that. I guess as my follow up. On the Data Center side, another theme that's been pervasive throughout 2023 at least was the GPU side driving out the CPU side. You mentioned that there is still a little bit of cloud digestion going on within your EPYC business. But where do you see that standing? I know you're going to gain share, et cetera, but you guys fully benefit from the Instinct side for the Data Center GPU side, but what about on the CPU side of things? Is that headwind now behind us or is it still an issue?
Lisa Su: I think we expect the CPU business from a market standpoint to grow, Ross. As we go into 2024, I think the rate and pace of growth will depend a little bit on the macro and just overall CapEx trends. But from our standpoint, we are starting to see some of our larger customers plan their refresh cycles. There's a lot of let's call it older equipment that has yet to be refreshed and the value proposition for refresh is so strong because the energy efficiency and sort of the footprint of the newer generations are so much better than sort of the four or five year old infrastructure that we do see that refresh cycle happening as we get into 2024. I think the exact timing, we will have to understand more as it, as the market evolves as we go through the year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. So first one, Lisa, from you gave us the $2 billion plus number for MI before, now you've have raised it to over $3.5 billion. And I'm curious what drove the change, was it incremental demand signals, was it supply? And can you supply more of, let's say, demand is $4 billion or $5 billion or $6 billion, right, what is the limitation? And sort of related to that, on the competition side, your competitor will launch their B100 later in the year, do you think that will change the competitive landscape in anyway?
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Vivek. So, I think what we said is as we went from $2 billion to $3.5 billion, it really is mostly customer demand signals. So as orders have come on books and as we've seen programs moved from, let's call it, pilot programs into full manufacturing programs, we have updated the revenue forecast. As I said earlier, from a supply standpoint, we are planning for success. And so, we worked closely with our supply chain partners to ensure that we can ship more than $3.5 billion, substantially more depending on what customer demand is as we go into the second half of the year. And then, in terms of again roadmaps, as I said, we are very focused on a competitive roadmap this -- that sort of what the next generations are beyond MI300. So, I do believe that we have a strong roadmap in-place and continue to work with our customers to sort of adopt our roadmap as quickly as possible.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And a longer-term question, Lisa. If I look at the success that AMD has enjoyed, its many factors, but a few of them included your early adoption of chiplets and the strong partnerships you have had with TSMC. But now we are seeing your x86 competitor Intel also adopt chiplet or tile technology as they call it. And then I think recently the manufacturing update they gave, they said, they are two years ahead in terms of incorporating gate all-around and backside our delivery. So, let's assume they are right and they have either caught up to TSMC or maybe they are ahead. What impact does that have on AMD in kind of the medium to longer term?
Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Vivek. Look, we're always looking at what's next, right? So, on the chiplet technology, I mean, we're sort of on the fourth generation of the chiplet technologies. I think we've learned a lot about how to optimize performance there. We are very aggressive with our adoption of leading-edge technology as it's needed. But I think those are only a few of the pieces. We're also focused on continuing to innovate on architecture and design. So, I think the longer-term question that you ask is I think we're expecting that the competition is going to be on a similar process technology and even in that case, I think we feel like we have a very strong roadmap going forward and will continue to drive both the CPU and the GPU roadmap very aggressively.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Harsh Kumar: Yes, hey, thanks for letting me ask the question, guys. I have two questions. Let me start-off with the accelerator side. The question we get a lot from our customers is they want to understand the value proposition of the MI300. So, Lisa, I was hoping you could give us some understanding of price versus power comparison or compute power? And then today, are you seeing your customers that are buying the MI300 are they primarily buying it for inferencing today or are they using it primarily for tooling? And maybe for Jean. Jean, do you think is it possible for MI300 to finish the year at a run-rate of about $1.5 billion?
Lisa Su: Okay, Harsh. So, let me start, to your question about the value proposition for MI300. Again, customers are using it for different reasons, but presume that there is a performance per dollar benefit to using AMD. So that's one piece of it. The other piece of it though is we intrinsically have more bandwidth and memory capacity on MI300X compared to the competition. And what that means is for large language models that are many tens of billions of parameters you make -- you could potentially do the workload in fewer GPUs. So, it's a substantial system savings and allows you to do much more work within the same system. In terms of what customers are using MI300 for today, I would say there are a number of customers using it for large language model inferencing and there are also customers that are using it for training. So I think the whole point is being a strong partner. When you put these AI systems in-place, they are sometimes mixed-use systems. So they would be used for both training and inference.
Mitch Haws: John, we have time for two more questions.
Jean Hu: Yeah, Harsh. Let me answer your question about the MI300. Exiting Q4 2024, is it possible to get to $1.5 billion? It is possible, right, because Lisa mentioned earlier, we'll see sequential increase in each quarter and more back-end loaded in second-half and we do have a supplies more than $3.5 billion. And of course we will continue to make progress with our customers. So the math, yeah, it's possible, but right now we are really looking at focus on the execution of the current $3.5 billion plus.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For the first one, you talked about the -- you expected a more shallow ramp of the MI300 and it's clearly doing better than that. So, some of the upside I guess in the near-term is that being pulled forward from the second-half or is this like a step-up or is it more of a step-up in-demand both in the first half and the second-half relative to what you were seeing before? Like how do I interpret that by shallow comment that you made?
Lisa Su: Sure, Stacy. I don't think it's a pull-forward of demand. I think what it is we wanted to see how long it would take for customers to fully qualify and get their workloads performance. So, yeah, that depends a lot on the actual engineering work that's done and now that we're, let's call it a quarter later, we've seen that it's gone really well. So, it's actually gone a bit better, then our original forecast. And as a result, we've seen stronger demand signals and customers are gaining confidence in their ability to deploy a significant number of MI300 this year.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. For my follow-up I wanted to ask Matt's question a little more directly, you didn't quite answer it. That the $400 billion number that you've got out there, is that just silicon in chips or is there hardware and servers and stuff like that in that number as well, like what's in that number?
Lisa Su: Yeah, I thought I had answered it, but yes, I'll answer it again. It is accelerator chips. It is not systems. So, think of it as GPUs, ASICs that will be there. Those types of things, but it includes, obviously, it includes memory and other things that are packaged together with the GPUs.
Jean Hu: Yeah, memory will be quite significant, right? So, memory is a big portion of the two.
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Danely: Hey, thanks for squeezing me and team. I guess, question for Lisa as MI300 revenue ramps how do you see the customer concentration, let's say a year or two from now? Do you think you'll have one or two customers that are in double-digits or one or two that are half the revenue or do you think it will be totally fragmented?
Lisa Su: I don't think it will be one or two that are half the revenue, Chris. I think we are building this as a -- really, we're happy to see sort of the broad adoption as always with sort of the large cloud partners. We might see sort of one or two that are higher than others, but I don't think you see the type of concentration that you mentioned.
Christopher Danely: Great. And then just a follow-up on somebody else's question on sort of Intel's roadmap versus TSMC. So, I'm sure you're intimately familiar with TSMC's manufacturing roadmap and we've all seen the Intel open up the kimono on what they expect to happen over the next couple of years. I mean, do you think Intel is going to close the gap somewhat with what you've found here over the next couple of years? Do you think they'll be able to maintain the lead?
Lisa Su: Look, I feel very good about our partnership with TSMC, they continue to execute extremely well. We'll see what happens over the next few years. But I'd like to kind of reemphasize what I said earlier, even in the case of process parity, we feel very good about our architectural roadmap and all the other things that we add, as we look at our entire portfolio of CPUs, GPUs, DPUs, adaptive SoCs and kind of put them together to solve problems. I think we feel really good about what we can do with our customers. So, we're always going to be paying attention to sort of the process race, but I think we feel very good about sort of our strategy and how do we continue to sort of push the envelope on the computing roadmaps.
Operator: And that is the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to the AMD team for any closing comments.
Mitch Haws: Great, John. That concludes today's call. Thank you to everyone for joining us today.
Operator: And this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. And it is now my pleasure to introduce to you Mitch Haws, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mitch. You may begin.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, John, and welcome to AMD's third quarter 2023 financial results conference call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and the accompanying slides. If you had not had the chance to review these materials, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during today's call, and the full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and slides posted on our website. Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Forrest Norrod, Executive Vice President and General Manager, Data Center Business Solutions unit, will attend the UBS Technology Conference on Tuesday, November 28. AMD will host its Advancing AI Event on December 6, when AMD and its key ecosystem partners and customers will showcase the AMD products and partnerships that will shape the advancement of AI. The event will be live streamed on our website. Jean Hu, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will attend the Barclays Global Technology Conference on Thursday, December 7. And our fourth quarter 2023 quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, December 15. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. With that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Mitch, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. We executed well in the third quarter, delivering strong top line and bottom line growth, achieving multiple milestones on our AI hardware and software road maps and significantly accelerating our momentum with customers for our AI solutions. In PCs, there are now more than 50 notebook designs powered by Ryzen AI in market, and we are working closely with Microsoft on the next generation of Windows that will take advantage of our on-chip AI Engine to enable the biggest advances in the Windows user experience in more than 20 years. In the Data Center, multiple large hyperscale customers committed to deploy Instinct MI300 accelerators, supported by our latest ROCm software suite and the growing adoption of an open hardware-agnostic software ecosystem. Looking at the third quarter financial results, revenue grew 4% year-over-year and 8% sequentially to $5.8 billion, driven by record server CPU revenue and strong Ryzen processor sales. Turning to the segment results. Data Center segment revenue of $1.6 billion was flat year-over-year and up 21% sequentially as solid demand for both 3rd and 4th Gen EPYC processor families resulted in record quarterly server processor revenue. We gained server CPU revenue share in the quarter as 4th Gen EPYC CPU revenue grew more than 50% sequentially, crossing over to represent a majority of our server processor revenue and unit shipments. In cloud, while the demand environment remained mixed in the quarter, EPYC CPU revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage sequentially as hyperscalers expanded deployments of EPYC processors to power their internal workloads and public instances while optimizing their infrastructure spend. Nearly 100 new AMD-powered cloud instances launched in the quarter from Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Oracle, Tencent and others, including multiple general instances that deliver leadership performance for general purpose, HPC, bare metal and memory optimized workloads. In enterprise, while overall demand remains soft, we are seeing strong indications that the significant performance and TCO advantages of Genoa and our expanded go-to-market investments are paying off as enterprise revenue grew by a double-digit percentage sequentially. We closed multiple new wins with leading automotive, aerospace, financial services, pharmaceutical and technology customers, and the number of enterprise customers actively testing EPYC platforms on-prem increased significantly quarter-on-quarter. We also expanded our 4th Gen EPYC processor portfolio with the launch of our Ciena processors that deliver leadership energy efficiency and performance for intelligent edge and telco applications. Dell, Lenovo, Super Micro and others launched new platforms that expand our EPYC CPU TAM to address telco, retail and manufacturing applications. With the launch of Ciena, we now offer the industry's most performant and most energy-efficient portfolio of server processors across cloud, enterprise, technical, HPC and edge computing. I am very pleased with the momentum we have built for our EPYC CPU portfolio. We are building on this momentum with our next-gen Turin server processors based on our new Zen 5 core that delivers significant performance and efficiency gains. Turin is in the labs of our top customers and partners now, and customer feedback has been very strong and we're on track to launch in 2024. Looking at our broader Data Center portfolio, we made significant progress in our Data Center GPU business in the third quarter as the multiyear investments we have made in our hardware and software road maps resulted in significant customer traction for our next-generation Instinct MI300 accelerators and particularly our Instinct MI300X GPU that delivers leadership inferencing and training performance. On the hardware side, bring-up and validation of our MI300A and MI300X accelerators continue progressing to plan with performance now meeting or exceeding our expectations. Production shipments of Instinct MI300A APUs started earlier this month to support the El Capitan Exascale supercomputer, and we are on track to begin production shipments of Instinct MI300x GPU accelerators to lead cloud and OEM customers in the coming weeks. On the software side, we further expanded our AI software ecosystem and made great progress enhancing the performance and features of our ROCm software in the quarter. In addition to ROCm being fully integrated into the mainline PyTorch and TensorFlow ecosystems, Hugging Face models are now regularly updated and validated to run on Instinct accelerators and other supported AMD AI hardware. AI start-up, Lemon.ai announced they achieved software parity with CUDA for LLMs running on Instinct MI250 GPUs, enabling enterprise customers to easily deploy production-ready LLMs fine-tuned for their specific data on Instinct MI250 GPUs with minimal code changes. We also strengthened our AI software capabilities with the strategic acquisitions of Mipsology and Nod.ai. Mipsology is a long-standing partner with proven expertise delivering AI software and solutions running on top of our adaptive SoCs for data center, edge and embedded markets. Nod.ai adds a highly experienced team with a track record of substantial contributions to open-source AI compilers and industry-leading software already used by many of the largest cloud enterprise and AI companies. Nod's compiler-based automation software can significantly accelerate the deployment of highly performant AI models optimized for our Instinct, Ryzen, EPYC, Versal and Radian processors. Based on the rapid progress we are making with our AI road map execution and purchase commitments from cloud customers, we now expect Data Center GPU revenue to be approximately $400 million in the fourth quarter and exceed $2 billion in 2024 as revenue ramps throughout the year. This growth would make MI300 the fastest product to ramp to $1 billion in sales in AMD history. I look forward to sharing more details on our progress at our December AI event. Turning to our Client segment. Revenue increased 42% year-over-year and 46% sequentially to $1.5 billion. Sales of our Ryzen 7000 processors featuring our industry-leading Ryzen AI on-chip accelerator, grew significantly in the quarter as inventory levels in the PC market normalized and demand began returning to seasonal patterns. Revenue for our latest-generation client CPUs powered by our Zen 4 core more than doubled sequentially as we saw strong demand for our Ryzen 7000 Series notebook and desktop processors that deliver both leadership energy efficiency and performance across a wide range of workloads. In commercial, we launched our first Threadripper Pro workstation CPUs based on our Zen 4 Core that deliver unmatched performance for multi-threaded professional design, rendering and simulation applications. Dell, HPE and Lenovo announced an expanded set of workstations powered by new Threadripper Pro processors as we focus on growing this margin-accretive portion of our client business. Looking forward, we are executing on a multiyear Ryzen AI road map to deliver leadership compute capabilities built on top of Microsoft's Windows software ecosystem to enable the new generation of AI PCs that will fundamentally redefine the computing experience over the coming years. Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue declined 8% year-over-year and 5% sequentially to $1.5 billion as lower semi-custom revenue was partially offset by increased sales of Radeon GPUs. Although semi-custom SoC sales declined in line with our projections for this point in the console cycle, overall revenue for this console generation continues tracking significantly higher than the prior generation based on strong demand for Microsoft and Sony consoles. In Gaming Graphics, revenue grew both year-over-year and sequentially, driven by increased demand in the channel. We expanded our Radeon 7000 series with the launch of new RX 7000 Series enthusiast desktop GPUs that offer leadership price performance for 1440p gamers. Turning to our Embedded segment. As we expected, revenue decreased 5% year-over-year to $1.2 billion. Sequentially, revenue declined 15% as lead times normalized and customers focused on reducing inventory levels. We expanded our leadership Versal SoC portfolio in the quarter with the launches of our first adaptive SoCs with on-chip HBM memory that deliver significant performance and efficiency for memory-bound data center, network, test and aerospace applications. We also announced our next-generation space-grade Versal SoC that integrates an enhanced AI Engine and is the industry's only solution that supports unlimited reprogramming during development and after deployment. For the fintech market, we launched our latest Alveo Accelerator card that delivers a 7x improvement in latency compared to our prior generation and has already been deployed by multiple trading firms in their ultra-low latency training platforms. Since closing our acquisition of Xilinx a little over 1.5 years ago, our Embedded business has grown significantly, driven by our leadership products. Looking ahead, based on our current visibility, we expect Embedded segment revenue to decline sequentially as customers continue working through elevated inventory levels through the first half of 2024. Over the medium term, we see strong growth opportunities for our Embedded business based on our significant design win traction and our broad and differentiated portfolio of embedded FPGAs, CPUs, GPUs and adaptive SoCs that can address a larger portion of our customers' compute needs. In summary, I'm pleased with our third quarter financial results, driven by the significant acceleration of Zen 4 server and client processor sales. Looking at the next couple of quarters, we expect strong growth in our Data Center business, driven by both EPYC and Instinct processors. This growth will be partially offset by softening demand in our Embedded business and lower semi-custom revenue, given where we are in the console cycle. As the PC market returns to seasonal patterns, we believe we are well positioned to gain profitable share in the premium and commercial portions of the market based on the strength of our product offerings. We are focused on accelerating our leadership AI capabilities across our entire product portfolio, executing on our hardware and software road maps and expanding our enterprise computing footprint. I look forward to sharing more details on our AI progress in a few weeks at our together we advance AI event. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide additional color on our third quarter results and our outlook for Q4. Jean?
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results for the third quarter and then provide our current outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. We delivered better than expected third quarter results with revenue of $5.8 billion and diluted earnings per share of $0.70. On a year-over-year basis, revenue increased 4% as growth in the Client segment revenue was partially offset by lower Gaming and Embedded segment revenue. Revenue was up 8% sequentially, driven by growth in both the Client and the Data Center segment. Gross margin was 51%, up approximately 1 percentage point year-over-year primarily driven by stronger Client segment revenue and product mix. Operating expenses were $1.7 billion, an increase of 12% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher R&D investment to support our significant AI growth opportunity. Operating income was $1.3 billion, representing a 22% operating margin. Taxes, interest expense and other was $141 million. For the third quarter, diluted earnings per share was $0.70 compared to $0.67 in the same period last year. Now turning to our reportable segment. Starting with the Data Center segment, revenue was $1.6 billion, flat year-over-year as growth in the EPYC processor sales was offset by a decline in adaptive SoC product sales. Data Center revenue grew 21% sequentially, primarily driven by strong sales of our 4th Gen EPYC processors to both cloud and enterprise customers. Data Center segment operating income was $306 million or 19% of revenue compared to $505 million or 31% a year ago. Lower operating income was primarily due to increased R&D investment to support future AI revenue growth and product mix. Client segment revenue was $1.5 billion, up 42% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher sales of Ryzen mobile processors. On a sequential basis, revenue grew 46% as PC market conditions continued to improve, and we ramped our Ryzen 7000 series to meet strong demand. Client segment operating income was $140 million or 10% of revenue compared to an operating loss of $26 million a year ago, driven by higher revenue and a disciplined OpEx management. We are pleased that the Client segment returned to profitability in the third quarter. Gaming segment revenue was $1.5 billion, down 8% year-over-year, primarily due to a decrease in semi-custom revenue, partially offset by increase in Radeon GPU sales. On a sequential basis, Gaming segment revenue declined 5%, in line with our expectations as we are now in the fourth year of the console cycle. Gaming segment operating income was $208 million or 14% of revenue compared to $142 million or 9% a year ago, primarily driven by higher Radeon GPU revenue. Embedded segment revenue was $1.2 billion, down 5% year-over-year, primarily due to lower sales to the communication market. On a sequential basis, Embedded segment revenue declined 15%, primarily due to inventory correction at customers in several end markets. Embedded segment operating income was $612 million or 49% of revenue compared to $635 million or 49% a year ago. Turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $421 million in cash from operations and the free cash flow was $297 million. In the fourth quarter, we expect to pay approximately $550 million in cash taxes, primarily due to previously deferred taxes from California disaster relief efforts made available by the IRS. Inventory decreased sequentially by $122 million to $4.4 billion. At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment was strong at $5.8 billion. We returned $511 million to shareholders, repurchasing 4.8 million shares and we have $5.8 billion in remaining share repurchase authorization. Now turning to our fourth quarter 2023 outlook. We expect revenue to be approximately $6.1 billion, plus or minus $300 million, an increase of approximately 9% year-over-year and 5% sequentially. Year-over-year, we expect revenue for the Data Center and the Client segments to be up by strong double-digit percentage, the Gaming segment to decline, given where we are in the console cycle, and the Embedded segment to decline due to additional softening of demand in the embedded market. Sequentially, we expect Data Center segment to grow by strong double-digit percentage, Client segment revenue to increase and the Gaming and Embedded segment to decline by double-digit percentage. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 51.5%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.74 billion, non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13% and the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.63 billion shares. In closing, I’m pleased with our execution in the third quarter with year-over-year growth in revenue, gross margin and earnings per share. In the fourth quarter, we expect to benefit from strong Data Center and Client momentum, driven by MI300 AI accelerated ramp and the strength of our high performance leadership Zen 4 family of products despite lower sales in the Gaming segment and additional softening of demand in the embedded market. Looking ahead, the investment we are making in AI across our Data Center, Client, Gaming and the Embedded segment enable us to offer one of the best industry’s broadest portfolio, targeting the most compelling opportunities and positioning us to drive long-term profitable growth. With that, I’ll turn it back to Mitch for the Q&A session.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Jean. John, we're happy to poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mitch. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you so much. Lisa, I had two questions. My first one is on the Data Center GPU business. You talked about '24 revenue potentially exceeding $2 billion. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color. What percentage of this is AI versus supercomputing or other applications? Within AI, maybe talk about the breadth of your customer lineup. And how should we think about which workloads you're addressing, again, within the context of AI? Is it primarily training or inference or both?
Lisa Su: Great. Thanks, Toshiya, for the question. So look, we've made significant progress on the overall MI300 program. I think we're very happy with how the technical milestones look. And then also, we've made significant progress from a customer side. Your question as to how the revenue evolves, so the way to think about it is, in the fourth quarter, we said revenue would be approximately $400 million, and that's mostly HPC with some -- the start of our AI ramp. And then as we go into the first quarter, we actually expect revenue to be approximately similar in that $400 million range. And that will be mostly AI so with a very small piece being HPC. And as we go through 2024, we would expect revenue to continue to ramp quarterly, and again, it will be mostly AI. Within the AI space, we've had very good customer engagement across the board from hyperscalers to OEMs, enterprise customers and some of the new AI start-ups that are out there. From a workload standpoint, we would expect MI300 to be on both training and inference workloads. We're very pleased with the inference performance on MI300, so especially for large language model inference, given some of our memory bandwidth and memory capacity. We think that's going to be a significant workload for us. But I think we would see a broad set of workloads as well as broad customer adoption.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. And then as my follow-up, a question on the server CPU side. You talked about Genoa growing really nicely in the quarter. I think you talked about both units and volume being bigger than its predecessor. Is the growth that you're seeing or the growth that you saw in Q3 and the growth that you're guiding to for Q4, is this primarily a function of share growth or are you actually seeing a pickup in the overall market? And I ask the question because, obviously, year-to-date, there's been a significant shift away from traditional compute to accelerated computing, but are you actually starting to see signs of stabilization or even improvement on the traditional compute side? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure. So the way I would frame it is we're very pleased with our third quarter performance as it relates to EPYC overall. I think the 4th Gen EPYC, so that's Genoa Plus Bergamo actually ramped very nicely. We got to a crossover in the third quarter, which is a little bit ahead of what we had previously forecasted. And when I look underneath that, I would say with a strong growth in both cloud. Cloud was strong so strong double-digits. The adoption is pretty broad across first-party and third-party workloads and new instances. And then on the enterprise side, we've also seen some nice growth across our OEMs. And so from the standpoint of, is it the market recovery or is it share gain? I think it's some of both. From a market standpoint, I would say it’s still mixed. I think enterprise is still a little bit mixed depending on sort of which region from a macroeconomic standpoint. Cloud depends a bit on the customer set. But overall, I think we’re pleased with the progress and the leadership of EPYC has ended up, allowing us to grow substantially in the third quarter and then into the fourth quarter.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thank you for taking the questions. Just to build off that last question, Jean, I think last quarter, you kind of endorsed the notion that your Data Center business would grow. I think it was in the high-single digit range. I think you started the year thinking like 10. So I guess the question is, do you still see that kind of growth rate setup? And how has that $400 million evolved underneath that? Has that -- was it $300 million now going to $400 million? Just how has that changed over the course of the last quarter just to level set that Data Center expectation?
Jean Hu: Yeah. So I think for the second half, we said we expect Data Center business to grow approximately 50% versus first half. But right now based on what we are seeing, we continue to see in that similar range of that 50%. So we are very happy and pleased about the strong momentum of our Data Center business. On the GPU side, Lisa mentioned about $400 million, around $400 million. As we go through the quarter, we have a strong engagement with the customers. So we do see the progress continues and we see customers placing orders. So that's why when we go through the quarter, we start to increasingly confident about the revenue profile in Q4 we are guiding.
Lisa Su: Yeah. And Aaron, if I could add to that -- if I can just add to that. I think what we've seen is the adoption rate of our AI solutions has given us confidence in not just the Q4 revenue number but also sort of the progression as we go through 2024.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. That's helpful. And maybe just the follow-up, how would you characterize the supply side of the equation? As you look at that $2 billion number, do you feel confident that you've got adequate visibility in the supply side to hit those expectations, any update on that side?
Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. So we've been planning the supply chain for the last year and we're always planning for success. So certainly, for the current forecast of greater than $2 billion, we have adequate supply. But we have also planned for a supply chain forecast that could be significantly higher than that, and we would continue to work with customers to build that out.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. Following up on the Data Center GPU, can you talk about the breadth of customers that you might see there? How -- I assume it's fairly concentrated in year one, but you also did mention multiple hyperscalers. Can you just give us a sense for how concentrated that might be?
Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Joe. So we've been engaging broadly with the customer set. I think in the last earnings call, we said that our engagements had increased 7 times and so there is a lot of interest in MI300. We will start, let's call it, more concentrated in cloud, sort of several large hyperscalers. But we're also very engaged across the enterprise and there's a lot of interest. Our partnerships with the OEMs are quite strong. And when we think about sort of the breadth of customers who are looking for AI solutions, we certainly see an opportunity, especially as we get beyond the initial ramp to broaden the customer set.
Joseph Moore: Great. And now that you're getting a look at volume in that space, can you talk about, are the gross margins there going to be comparable to your other Data Center businesses?
Jean Hu: Yeah. So on the gross margin side, we do expect our GPU gross margin to be accretive to corporate average. Of course, right now, we are at a very, very early beginning of the ramp of the product. As you probably know, typically when you ramp new product, it takes some time to improve yield, testing time, manufacturing efficiency. So typically, it takes a few quarters to ramp the gross margin to a normalized level. But we are quite confident that our team is executing really well.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Lisa, I also wanted to ask about that $2 billion number for Data Center GPU next year. That's still a pretty small portion, obviously, of the total TAM. Where do you think that can go? Do you think when we look at this out a couple of years, do you think you can be 15%, 20% share for total Data Center GPU or do you have aspirations to be even larger than that?
Lisa Su: Yeah, Tim. I mean, I would say that, first of all, this is an incredibly exciting market, right? I think we all see the growth in generative AI workloads. And the fact is, we're just at the very early innings of people truly adopting it for enterprise, business productivity applications. So I think we are big believers in the strength of the market. We previously said we believe that the compound annual growth rate could be 50% over the next three or four years. And so we think the market is huge and there will be multiple winners in this market. Certainly, from our standpoint, we want to be -- we're playing to win and we think MI300 is a great product, but we also have a strong road map beyond that for the next couple of generations. And we would like to be a significant player in this market so we'll see how things play out. But overall, I would say that I am encouraged with the progress that we're making on hardware and software and certainly with the customer set.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank a lot. And then Jean, I just wanted to ask on March. I know that there's a lot of moving parts. It sounds like Data Center is up but PC is going to be down, normal seasonal and Embedded and Gaming sound down as well. So can you just help us shape sort of how to think about March? Is it down a smidge? Is it flat? Could it be up a little bit? And maybe then how to think about like first half, back half next year, if you even want to go there. Thanks.
Jean Hu: Hey, Tim. We're guiding one quarter at a time. But just to help you with some of the color, as Lisa mentioned earlier, we said the Data Center GPU revenue will be flattish sequentially. That's the first thing, right? The mix will shift from El Capitan majority in Q4 to predominantly more for AI in Q1. So that -- because of the long lead time manufacturing cycle, we feel like it's going to be a similar level of revenue with the Data Center GPU. But in general, if you look at our business, we do have a seasonality. Typically Q1, the Client business, server business, Gaming business seasonally is down. Of course, right now, we definitely have a little bit more seasonality, given Embedded and the Gaming dynamics we are seeing right now. Server and Client typically were down sequentially, seasonally too. But overall, I think we are really focused on just execution. We probably can provide more color when we get close to Q1 2024, and especially, Lisa, please add if we have any color we can provide on the whole year 2024.
Lisa Su: Yeah. No, I think that covers it. When we look at the various pluses and minuses, I think we feel very good about the Data Center business. It continues to be a strong growth driver for us as we think about 2024 for both server as well as our MI300 clients as well, we think incrementally improves from a market standpoint as well as we believe we can gain share, given the strength of our product portfolio. And then we have the headwinds of Embedded in the inventory correction that we'll go through in the first half and the console cycle. So I think those are the puts and takes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Lisa, on the MI300, many of your hyperscaler customers have internal ASIC solutions ready or in the process of getting them ready. So if inference is the primary workload for MI300, do you think it is exposed to replacement by internal ASICs over time or do you think both MI300 and ASICs can coexist, right, along with the incumbent GPU solution?
Lisa Su: Yeah. I think Vivek, when we look at the set of AI workloads going forward, we actually think they're pretty diverse. I mean, you have sort of the large language model training and inference then you have what you might do in terms of fine-tuning off of a foundational model and then you have, let's call it, straight inferencing what you might do there. So I think within that framework, we absolutely believe that MI300 has a strong place in the market, and that's what our customers are telling us and we're working very closely with them. So yes, I think there will be other solutions, but I think for the -- particularly for the LLMs, I think GPUs are going to be the processing of choice and MI300's very, very capable.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then a question, Lisa, on just this interplay between AI and traditional computing. It seems like especially when it relates to ASPs and units, seems like server CPU makers are kind of holding the line on price per core. But at the same time, the cloud players are extending the depreciation and replacement cycle of traditional server CPUs. So I'm just curious to get your take. What do you think is the interplay between units and ASP, right? If you were to take a snapshot of what you have seen in '23 and how it kind of informs you as you look at '24, that is it possible that maybe unit growth in server is not that high but you are able to make up for it on the ASP side. So just give us some color on, one, what is happening to traditional computing deployments? And secondly, is there a difference in kind of the unit and ASP interplay on the server seat side?
Lisa Su: Yeah. I think it's a good point, Vivek. So I mean, if I take a look at 2023, I think it's been a mixed environment, right? There was a good amount of, let's call it, caution in the overall server market. There was a bit of inventory digestion at some of the cloud guys and then some optimization are going on with enterprise, again, somewhat mixed. I think as we go forward, we've returned to growth in the server CPU market. Within that realm, because these -- like for example, 4th Gen EPYC, somewhere between 96 and 128 cores. I mean, you just get a lot of compute for that. So I do think there is the framework that unit growth may be more modest, but ASP growth, given the core count and the compute capability will contribute to overall growth. So from a traditional server CPU standpoint, I think we do see those trends. 2023 was a mixed environment and I think it improves as we go into 2024.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for taking the question. I want to ask on the Embedded side. I think last quarter, you kind of talked about the headwinds being mostly in the communications end market. You're guiding it down in December. I was curious if that weakness is spread. And then your competitor talked about kind of a reset getting back to pre-pandemic levels. Just kind of curious how you framed that reset? You said it'd be weak to the first half.
Lisa Su: Yeah. Absolutely, Blayne. So I think when we look at end markets, I think communications was weak in sort of last quarter and it certainly continues to be weak. We see 5G sort of CapEx just down overall. On the other market where we see a little bit of, let's call it, soft end market demand would be industrial and that's a little bit more geographic, so a little bit worse in Europe than in other geographies. The other end markets are actually relatively good. And what we just see is that inventory is high, just given where we were with lead times coming into the sort of through the pandemic and with the high demand that was out there. As the lead times have normalized, people are drawing down their inventories and they have an opportunity to do that, given the normalization. So from an overall standpoint, we think demand is solid. And what we view is that we have a very strong portfolio in Embedded. We like sort of the combination of the, let's call it, the classic Xilinx portfolio together with the Embedded processing capabilities that we add. Customers have seen sort of that portfolio come together, and we've gotten some nice design win traction as a result of that. So we have to get through sort of the next couple of quarters of inventory correction, and then we believe we'll return to growth in the second half of the year.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And then, I just wanted to ask on the PC market. I think you and Intel have seen -- you were under-shipping in the first half. Maybe you're kind of over-shipping a little bit now, restocking. I'm just kind of curious to your perspective of what that normalized run rate is in terms of the size of the PC market and kind of any perspective if inventory levels are starting to move back up.
Lisa Su: Yeah. I would say, again, Blayne, when we looked at sort of the third quarter and sort of the environment that we’re in now, I think inventory levels are relatively normalized, and so the selling and consumption are fairly close. We were building up for a holiday season that is a strong season for us overall. When I think about the size of the market, I think from a consumption standpoint this year is probably somewhere like 250 million to 255 million units or so. We expect some growth going into 2024 as we think about sort of the AI PC cycle and some of the Windows refresh cycles that are out there. And I think the PC market returns to, let’s call it, a typical seasonality, in which underneath that, we have a strong product portfolio. And we are very much focused on growing in places like high-end gaming, ultrathins, premium consumer as well as commercial. So those are -- that’s how sort of we see the PC market.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Lisa, I wanted to maybe ask the AI question a little bit differently, not just focused on your GPU portfolio, but more broadly. I think one of the big surprises to a lot of us is, how quickly the AI market changed from accelerator cards to selling full servers or full systems for your primary competitor. And they've done a lot of innovation not just on GPU, but on CPU on their own custom interconnect, et cetera. So what I'd like to hear a little bit of an update on is just how you think about your road map going forward across CPU, GPU and networking and particularly the networking part as you look to continue to advance your AI portfolio. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. I think it's an important point. What we're seeing with these AI systems is they are truly complicated when you think about putting all of these components together. We are certainly working very closely with our partners in putting together sort of the full system, CPU, GPUs as well as the networking capability. Our Pensando acquisition has actually been really helpful in this area. I think we have a world-class team of experts in this area, and we're also partnered with some of the networking ecosystem overall. So going forward, I don't think we're going to sell full systems, let's call it, AMD-branded systems. We believe that there are others who are more set up for that. But I think from a definition standpoint and when we're doing development, we are certainly doing development with the notion of what that full system will look like. And we'll work very closely with our partners to ensure that, that's well defined so that it's easy for customers to adopt our solutions.
Matthew Ramsay: Got it. Thank you for that perspective. As my second question, Jean, I wanted to dig into gross margin a little bit and just, I guess, complement you and the team on being able to guide up for the fourth quarter. Sequentially, gross margin if we, I guess, rewound the clock back to the beginning of the year and the Embedded segment would be down from the peak to where you're guiding the fourth quarter, maybe down by a third. I wouldn't have thought gross margin would have hung in as well and grown sequentially each quarter through the year. Obviously, Client margins got better. But maybe you could walk us through some of the puts and takes on gross margin, and inside of each segment, where you're making progress because I imagine some of that progress is pretty positive underneath. Thanks.
Jean Hu: Yeah, Matt. Thank you for the question. Yes, there are a few puts and takes, especially in a mixed demand environment. So let me just comment on Q3 first. We are very pleased with our gross margin expansion sequentially, 140 basis points. As you mentioned, the Embedded segment, revenue actually declined double-digits sequentially. There are two primary drivers. The first one is definitely Data Center grew 21% sequentially, which should provide a tailwind to our gross margin. Secondly, as we go through the inventory correction in PC market, we did encounter some headwinds in the Client segment gross margin. And in Q3, we saw very significant improvement with our client segment gross margin. I think going forward, the pace of Client segment improvement will moderate, but it will continue to drive incremental gross margin improvement in Client segment. So that really is why we are able to drive sequential growth in Q3. And in Q4, I would say the major dynamics is with a very strong double-digit growth in Data Center business, we definitely have the tailwind, which more than offset the Embedded segment decline sequentially double-digit again. I think going forward, it's really mix, primarily mix is driving our gross margin, but we feel pretty good about second half next year when we can expand the Data Center significantly and especially, Embedded segment start to recover, we should be able to drive more meaningful gross margin improvement in second half.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Lisa, I had a question on the MI300 side of things. When you go to market, obviously, there's been shortages this year of GPU accelerators, and so a second source is definitely needed. But beyond just providing that second source role, can you just walk us through some of the competitive advantages that the customer lists that you're going to talk about on the sixth is finding to be so attractive relative to your primary competitor?
Lisa Su: Yeah. I think there's a couple of different things, Ross. I mean, if we start with, it's just a very capable product. The way it's designed from a triplet standpoint, we have a very strong compute as well as memory capacity and memory bandwidth. In inference, in particular, that's very helpful. And the way to think about it is on these larger language models, you can't fit the model on one GPU. You actually need multiple GPUs. And if you have more memory, you can actually use fewer GPUs to infer those models, and so it's very beneficial from a total cost of ownership standpoint. From a software standpoint, this has been perhaps the area where we've had to invest more and do more work. Our customers and partners are actually moving towards an area where they're more able to move across different hardware so really optimizing at the higher-level frameworks. And that's reducing the barrier of entry of sort of taking on a new solution. And we're also talking very much about, going forward, what the road map is. It's very similar to our EPYC evolution. When you think about sort of the -- our closest partners in the cloud environment, we work very closely to make each generation better. So I think MI300 is an excellent product and we'll keep evolving on that as we go through the next couple of generations.
Ross Seymore: For my follow-up, I want to focus on the OpEx side of things. You guys have kept that pretty tight over the years. Jean, I just wondered what the puts and takes on that might be heading into 2024. I think you're exiting this year at about up kind of high single digits, maybe 10% year-over-year. Any sort of unique puts and takes, especially as you guys are driving for all that MI300 success as we think about OpEx generally in 2024?
Jean Hu: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Our team has done an absolutely great job in reallocating resources within our budget envelope to really invest in the most important areas in AI and the data center. We are actually in the planning process for 2024. I can comment on a very high level, given tremendous opportunities we have in AI and the Data Center, we definitely will increase both R&D investment and go-to-market investment to address those opportunities. I think the way to think about it is our objective is to drive top line revenue growth much faster than OpEx growth, so our investment can drive long-term growth. And we also can leverage our operating model to really actually expand earnings much faster than revenue. That’s really how we think about running the company and driving the operating margin expansion.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Harsh Kumar: Hi, Lisa. I had a strategic one for you and then somewhat of a tactical one. On the strategic side, as your key competitor is sort of getting their act together on the manufacturing technology and the nodes, would it not be feasible to think that their manufacturing cost could be significantly better, let's say, than that of yours? And so if that's the case down the line one year or two years out, I'm curious what kind of value-add offerings would AMD have to provide to a customer to keep the market share that you have in the server space, data center space and then keep that growing as well?
Lisa Su: Yes, Harsh. Maybe I should just take a step back and just talk about sort of the engagement that we have with our data center customers. When we think about sort of the EPYC portfolio and what we've been able to build over the last few generations and what we have going forward with Zen 5 and beyond, process technology is only one piece of the optimization. It's really about process technology, packaging. We're leading sort of the usage of chiplets and 2.5D and 3D integration and then when you go to architecture and design. So it's really the holistic product. And from a pricing standpoint, actually, price is only one aspect of the conversation. Much of the conversation is on how much performance can you give me at what efficiency. So from a -- from an overall efficiency standpoint, I think we've developed fantastic products. We are working closely with our customers to ensure that we continue to evolve our overall portfolio. So I think from a value-added standpoint, it's providing the best TCO is what our customers are looking for, and that's where our road map is headed. Going forward, I think having the CPU, the GPU, the FPGAs, the DPUs, I think it gives us actually a nice portfolio to really optimize not just on a single component basis but on sort of all of the different workloads that you need in the data center.
Harsh Kumar: Very helpful, Lisa. And then for my follow-up, a lot of folks that we talk to think that compute game is shifting completely from CPUs to GPUs. [Technical Difficulty] So it was actually very encouraging to hear you talk about your core EPYC CPUs and the traction that you're seeing with the new generation of CPUs. So I'm curious, if I was to ask you how you think the long-term growth prospects for the next, call it, two to three to four years our for your CPU business, not the GPU but the CPU business, I'm curious what the answer would be.
Lisa Su: Yeah. So look, I'm a big believer and you need all types of compute in the data center, especially when you look at the diverse set of workloads. There's a lot of excitement around AI, and we are very much clear that, that is the number one priority from a growth standpoint going forward. But the EPYC CPU business, we feel like we've consistently gained share throughout the last few years. And even with that, we're still underrepresented in large portions of the market, right? We're underrepresented in enterprise. We've seen some nice sort of sequential growth and nice prospects there, but there's a lot more we can do in enterprise. And we're still underrepresented in cloud third-party workloads, which, again, it's a -- you have to sell through the cloud manufacturers. So I think overall, we feel good about our EPYC leadership and also our go-to-market efforts that will help us continue to grow that business in 2024 and beyond.
Mitch Haws: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Okay. And the next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question/
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I wanted to just dial in on the Q4 guidance. If you are going to grow Data Center 50% half over half and I assume Client is up sequentially, implies Gaming and Embedded both likely down sequentially in the 20% range. I know you said double-digits. But is that right? And if that is true, especially for Embedded, what does that mean going forward into next year? I know you said it's going to be weak in the first half. Does that mean -- I mean, is it stable at these levels or does it continue to decline through the first half until things stabilize? Just how do we think about that in the context of the guidance that you've given for Q4?
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Stacy. Let me take that and then Jean might add a few comments. So without getting very specific, I would say I think your comments about Data Center and Client are correct. And then from an Embedded and Gaming standpoint, we would say Embedded, think about it down similar levels sort of in the teens compared to sort of Q3 was down in the teens and Q4 will be down in the teens. And then Gaming, from a console standpoint, we do expect that to be down a bit more than that. And then as we go into Q1, again without being -- there are lots of things that need to happen. We would expect that both gaming and embedded would be down into Q1 as well and sort of the other comments would be more around seasonality. Does that help?
Stacy Rasgon: That does help. For my follow-up, again, I wanted to ask about gross margins. So I know that they've been extending through the year, but for the full year, they're actually down. And I get the mix things and everything else. But as I look into next year, like how do I think about this because it sounds like Embedded is going to be pretty weak next year. Client is what it is. Data Center is growing but it does feel like even if the GPUs are accretive, they're not accretive yet, and it's going to take them a while to get to be accretive. Like how much do you think you can expand gross margins year-over-year like in '24 versus '23, given the trends that we have entering the year?
Jean Hu: Yeah. Hi, Stacy. I'll say the first thing is, if you look at 2023, it's a very unusual year for the industry, right, especially the PC market. It's one of the worst down cycles during the last 3 decades. So during that kind of a down cycle, definitely, we had headwinds on gross margin side, on our Client business, which we have made significant progress in Q3 and Q4 in second half. Going into next year, the mix primarily is the driver of our gross margin. The way to think about it is Data Center is going to be the largest incremental revenue contributor next year. And then with both Gaming and Embedded facing continued sequential decline, I think it's all about the mix. We do expect next year will improve gross margin versus 2023, especially second half. So that's how we think about it right now.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks for the question. There was an article suggesting that you guys could be interested in doing some ARM-based CPUs. I guess I'd love any thoughts that you have there on that architecture for PC. But also Apple has their M3 out now. It seems pretty robust. Qualcomm has an X Elite new chip. It was rumored NVIDIA might be doing that as well. Would love your expectations for this market. And what does that mean for the TAM for AMD moving forward?
Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Chris. Thanks for the question. So look, the way we think about ARM, ARM is a partner in many respects so we use ARM throughout parts of our portfolio. I think as it relates to PCs, x86 is still the majority of the volume in PCs. And if you think about sort of the ecosystem around x86 and Windows, I think it's been a very robust ecosystem. What I'm most excited about in PCs is actually the AI PC. I think the AI PC opportunity is an opportunity to redefine what PCs are in terms of productivity tool and really sort of operating on sort of user data. And so I think we're at the beginning of a wave there. We're investing heavily in Ryzen AI and the opportunity to really broaden sort of the AI capabilities of PCs going forward. And I think that's where the conversation is going to be about. It's going to be less about what instructions that you're using and more about what experience are you delivering to customers. And from that standpoint, I think that we have a very exciting portfolio that I feel good about over the next couple of years.
Christopher Rolland: Thank you, Lisa. And one quick one on FPGA for the Data Center in particular. That was a really cool fintech win. I understand that [Technical Difficulty] AI? And could we even mix in an FPGA into the MI300 tile at some point or is there really, at this point, not an AI market for FPGA?
Lisa Su: Yeah. I mean, Chris, the way I think about sort of FPGAs in the data center, it's another compute element. We do use FPGAs or there are FPGAs in a number of the systems. I would say from a revenue contribution standpoint, it's still relatively small sort of in the near term. We have some design wins going forward that we would see that content grow but that won't be so much in 2024, that it will be beyond that. And part of our value proposition, I think, to our data center partners is, look, whatever compute element you need, whether it's CPUs or GPUs or FPGAs or DPUs or -- we have the ability to sort of bring those components together. And that is a strong point as we think about just how heterogeneous these data centers are going forward. So thank you for that.
Operator: At this time, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. Now I’d like to turn the floor back over to Mitch for any closing comments.
Mitch Haws: Great, John. That concludes today's call. Thank you to everyone for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you, Mitch Haws, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mitch. You may begin.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's second quarter 2023 financial results conference call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and accompanying slideware. If you've not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and slides posted on our Web site. Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. This is a livecom, and will be replayed via webcast on our Web site. Before we begin, I would like to note that Jean Hu will attend the Jefferies Semiconductor, IT Hardware and Communications Summit on Tuesday, August 29, and the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on Thursday, August 31. Dr. Lisa Su will attend the Goldman Sachs 2023 Communacopia & Technology Conference on Tuesday, September 5. Our third quarter 2023 quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, September, 15. Finally, today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations speak only as of today and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. With that, I'll hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Mitch, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. We executed well in the second quarter, launching multiple leadership products, significantly expanding our AI engagements, and ramping our latest Zen 4, EPYC, and Ryzen product families. Second quarter revenue declined 18% year-over-year, to $5.4 billion. Sales were flat sequentially as Client and Datacenter segment growth was offset by expected declines in our Gaming and Embedded Segments. AI cluster engagements grew by more than seven times sequentially as multiple customers initiated or expanded programs supporting future deployments of Instinct MI250 and MI300 hardware and software at scale. Looking at the second quarter business results, Datacenter segment revenue, of $1.3 billion was down 11% year-over-year, and up 2% sequentially. Although market demand remains mixed, the 4th Gen EPYC CPU adoption accelerated in the quarter, with revenue nearly doubling sequentially as cloud provided expanded deployments to power their internal infrastructure and public instance offerings. In cloud, 30 new AMD instances launched in the second quarter, with multiple Genoa instances announced by AWS, Alibaba, Microsoft, and Oracle. Genoa delivers up to 1.9 times more performance in enterprise and cloud applications, and 1.8 times more performance per watt than the competition, making it, by far, the industry's higher performance and most efficient server processor. As an example, AWS announced its M7a Genoa instance, which is the highest performance and best price-performance general purpose x86 instance they offer. In total, there are now more than 670 AMD-powered cloud instances publicly available, and we expect that number to grow 30%, to nearly 900 by the end of the year, driven largely by new Genoa deployments. We also expanded our Zen 4 server product portfolio in the quarter with the launches of Bergamo and Genoa-X. Microsoft Azure announced the first Genoa-X HPC instances that offer more than five times higher performance in technical computing workloads compared to their prior generation. With Bergamo, we deliver more than double the performance than competitive offerings for cloud-native applications, while offering full x86 software compatibility. We were excited to be joined at our launch event by Meta, where they announced plans to deploy Bergamo broadly across their global datacenter infrastructure to power applications, including Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp. Looking ahead, Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Supermicro, and other large server providers are on track to begin launching their new Bergamo platforms in the third quarter. In enterprise, while macroeconomic uncertainty resulted in weaker customer demand year-over-year, sales of EPYC processors for enterprise servers grew sequentially as we closed multiple wins with large energy, technology, financial services, and healthcare companies. Overall, pull from large enterprises continued to grow. For example, Banco de Brasil, BNP Paribas, Petronas, Uber, and other large enterprises, all adopted EPYC processors in the quarter. And SAP selected EPYC processors to power RISE with SAP applications hosted on Google Cloud. We expect EPYC revenue to grow by a double-digit percentage sequentially in the third quarter, led by the expanding 4th Gen EPYC CPU ramp. In addition, Siena, our first EPYC processor optimized for leadership, Edge server, and teleco infrastructure is on track to launch this quarter. Turning to our broader Datacenter business, in networking, the largest cloud providers expanded their adoption of Pensando DPUs in the quarter, highlighted by new deployments with Alibaba and Oracle Cloud. In supercomputing, EPYC and Instinct processors continue to be the solutions of choice for the most powerful supercomputers in the world, powering 121 of the fastest systems on the latest top-500 list, and seven of the 10 most efficient systems on the Green500 list. In AI, we made strong progress in the second quarter as we met key hardware and software milestones to address the growing customer pull for our datacenter AI solutions. Our AI strategy is focused on three areas. First, deliver a broad portfolio and multi-generation roadmap of leadership GPUs, CPUs, and adaptive computing solutions for AI inferencing. Second, expend the open and proven software platform we have established that enables our AI hardware to be deployed broadly and easily. And third, expand the deep and collaborative partnerships we have established across the ecosystem to accelerate deployments of AMD-based AI solutions at scale. We delivered on all three fronts in the second quarter. On the software and partnership side, Hugging Face announced plans to optimize thousands of their models for AMD Instinct, Ryzen, EPYC, Radeon, Versal, and Alveo platforms. To make it easier for developers to tap into the full performance and features of our AI hardware, we delivered a significant performance and feature update in our latest ROCm software, and expanded support for AMD silicon across the leading frameworks, including PyTorch, TensorFlow, Onyx, and technologies like OpenAI Triton. We are receiving positive feedback on the improvements and the new capabilities of our latest ROCm software stack from our AI customers and ecosystem partners. As an example, leading AI software company, MosaicML, recently highlighted that our Instinct MI250 accelerator delivers competitive training performance with minimal or no changes to the underlying AI software. On the hardware side, we announced our new Instinct MI300X GPUs designed to be the world's most advanced accelerators for generative AI. MI300X combines our next-gen CDNA 3 architecture with the industry's largest memory footprint and fastest memory bandwidth. These are critical factors in AI inferencing performance. Customer interest in our Instinct MI300A and MI300X GPUs is very high. Engagements with top-tier cloud providers, large enterprises, and numerous leading AI companies significantly expanded in the quarter. We are providing early system access and sampling both products with our lead AI, HPC, and cloud customers now, and remain on track to launch and ramp production in the fourth quarter. Turning to our Client segment, revenue declined 54% year-over-year to $1 billion. Client segment revenue increased 35% sequentially as Ryzen 7000 series CPU sales grew significantly, led by the launches of new notebooks from the largest OEMs. We also launched new commercial offerings with our first Ryzen Pro notebook and desktop processors powered by our leadership Zen 4. More than 100 AMD-powered commercial PC platforms are on track to launch this year from HP, Lenovo, and other leading OEMs as we grow this important part of our client business. We expect our Client segment will grow in the seasonally stronger second-half of the year based on the strength of our product portfolio and increased adoption of our Ryzen 7000 CPUs, including the ramp of our Ryzen 7040 mobile CPUs that deliver leadership performance and energy efficiency, and are the industry's first x86 processors with a dedicated AI engine. Going forward, we see AI as a significant PC demand driver as Microsoft and other large software providers incorporate generative AI into their offerings. We are executing a multi-generational rise in AI processor roadmap which, together with our ecosystem partners, will fundamentally change the PC experience. Now, turning to our Gaming segment, revenue declined 4% year-over-year to $1.6 billion as higher semi-custom revenue was more than offset by lower gaming graphic sales. Sequentially, segment revenue declined 10%. Semi-custom SoC sales were strong in the quarter as Microsoft and Sony had healthy console demand based on improved retail availability globally, and the launches of new AAA games. In gaming graphics, we expanded our Radeon 7000 GPU series in the second quarter with the launch of our mainstream RX 7600 cards for 1080p gaming. We are on track to further expand our RDNA 3 GPU offerings with the launch of new, enthusiast-class Radeon 7000 series cards in the third quarter. Turning to our Embedded segment, revenue increased 16% year-over-year to $1.5 billion. Sequentially, revenue declined 7% as solid demand with industrial, vision and healthcare, automotive, and broadcast customers was offset by softness with communications customers as some operators slowed their infrastructure upgrades. We expanded our leadership adaptive computing product portfolio in the quarter, launching our new Versal Premium VP1902 adaptive SoC with advanced chiplet packaging, the industry's largest and most performance solution for emulating and verifying next generation ASICs and SoCs. In the low end, we announced our Spartan UltraScale+ FPGA family to address a new range of cost optimized, industrial, computer vision, healthcare and robotics applications. We also released enhanced versions of our Vivado and Vitis software platforms that make it easier for customers to develop highly performant applications for our Versal Adaptive SoCs. Embedded CPU sales grew in the quarter with the launches of new AMD powered security, storage and networking solutions from HPE, Fortinet and other leading vendors. Looking into the second-half of the year, after delivering six quarters of very strong year-over-year growth, we expect Embedded segment revenue to decline in the back-half of the year as lead times normalize and some customers reduce their inventory levels. We continue to be very pleased with our embedded design win momentum and in particular, the growing revenue synergy opportunities we see based on our combined adaptive and embedded processing product portfolio. In summary, we executed well in the quarter against our strategic priorities. Looking at the second-half of the year, we expect the PC market to grow seasonally with more normalized inventory levels across the supply chain. In the datacenter market, we see a mixed environment as AI deployments are expanding. However, cloud customers continue optimizing their datacenter compute and enterprise customers remain cautious with new deployments. Against this backdrop, we expect strong growth driven by higher fourth gen EPYC and Ryzen 7000 processor sales and initial shipments of our Instinct MI300 accelerators in the fourth quarter. Longer term, while we are still in the very early days of the new era of AI, it is clear that AI represents a multibillion dollar growth opportunity for AMD across cloud, edge and an increasingly diverse number of intelligent endpoints. In the datacenter alone, we expect the market for AI accelerators to reach over $150 billion by 2027. We have increased our AI related R&D, ecosystem enablement and go-to-market investments to capture a significant share of this emerging market. The strong progress we are making executing our AI roadmaps and the rapid pace at which we are expanding our ecosystem of AI hardware and software partners makes us very confident we can deliver leadership, training and inference solutions powered by our instinct EPYC, Ryzen AI, Versal and Alveo platforms for our customers and partners. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide additional color on our second quarter results and our outlook for Q3, Jean?
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results for the second quarter and then provide our current outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2023. We are pleased with our second quarter results with revenue of $5.4 billion and a diluted earning per share of $0.58. On a year-over-year basis, revenue declined 18% as growth in the Embedded segment revenue was more than offset primarily by lower Client segment revenue. Revenue was flat compared to the first quarter, as growth in both the client and the Datacenter segments was offset by expected declines in the Gaming and Embedded segments. Gross margin was 50%, down approximately four percentage points from a year ago, primarily driven by lower Client segment performance, partially offset by strong Embedded segment performance. Operating expenses were $1.6 billion, an increase of 3% year-over-year primarily due to higher R&D investments. Operating income was $1.1 billion, down $114 million year-over-year and operating margin was 20%. Interest expense, taxes and other was $120 million. For the second quarter, diluted earning per share was $0.58, compared to $1.05 in the same period last year. EPS declined on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to Client segment performance. Now, turning to our reportable segments for the second quarter, starting with the Datacenter segment, revenue was $1.3 billion, down 11% year-over-year, mainly due to lower third generation EPYC processor sales as enterprise demand was softer and inventory levels were elevated at certain MDC customers. Datacenter revenue grew sequentially with strong sales of our fourth generation EPYC processors, specifically Gen 1 partially offset by decline in adaptive SoC product sales. Datacenter segment operating income was $147 million or 11% of revenue, compared to $472 million or 32% a year ago. Lower operating income was primarily due to lower revenue and increased R&D investment to support future growth. Client segment revenue was $998 million down 54% year-over-year, due to reduced processor shipment resulting from a weaker PC market and significant inventory correction across the PC supply chain. On a sequential basis, revenue grew 35% as we ramped our Ryzen 7000 series processors and the PC market conditions improved. Client segment operating loss was $69 million, compared to operating income of $676 million a year ago, primarily due to lower revenue. We expect the Client segment to return to profitability in the third quarter. Gaming segment revenue was $1.6 billion, down 4% year-over-year. Semi-customer revenue grew year-over-year which was more than offset by lower gaming graphics revenue. On a sequential basis, gaming revenue declined 10% in line with our expectations. Gaming segment operating income was $225 million, or 14% of revenue, compared to $187 million or 11% year ago, primarily due to higher semi-customer revenue. Embedded segment revenue was $1.5 billion, up 16% year-over-year, primarily driven by strength in the industrial vision, healthcare, automotive, test and emulation market. On a sequential basis, Embedded segment revenue declined 7%, primarily due to weaker communication market demand. Embedded segment operating income was $757 million or 52% of revenue, compared to $641 million or 51% a year ago, primarily driven by higher revenue. Turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow, during the quarter, we generated $379 million in cash from operations. Free cash flow was $254 million. Inventory increased by $332 million to support the continued ramp of Advanced Technology products, we expect inventory to decline as we ship this product to customers in the second-half of the year. At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment was drawn at $6.3 billion. Now, turning to our third quarter 2023 outlook, we expect revenue to be approximately $5.7 billion plus or minus $300 million and an increase of approximately 2.5% year-over-year and approximately 6.5% sequentially. Year-over-year, we expect revenue for the Client segment to be up, Datacenter segment to be flattish, and the gaming and Embedded segments to decline. Sequentially, we expect the Client and the Datacenter segment to each grow by a double-digit percentage and the Gaming and Embedded segments to decline. Non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 51%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.65 billion, non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13%, and the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.63 billion shares. In closing, I'm pleased with our second quarter top line and bottom line execution. We expect our new product ramps across the Datacenter and Client segment to drive sequential growth into the third quarter. Importantly, our leadership product portfolio, datacenter and AI investment priorities and financial strengths position us well for long-term growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Mitch for Q&A session.
Mitch Haws: Thank you, Jean. John, we're happy to poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Ramsay: Yes, good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on the results. I guess, Lisa, my first question is around the Datacenter business. I think we're all, across the industry, observing a shift in workload and spending patterns like maybe we've, arguably, never seen. And your company is in a great position to participate on both sides of that on the CPU strength, and obviously in the AI space. Last quarter, you had given us some metrics around potentially being able to grow your datacenter business by 50% in the second-half of the year versus the first-half. And maybe you could give us a little bit of an update on how you're thinking about that milestone and the drivers of growth across CPU and accelerator for the back-half? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Matt. Thanks for the question. So, you're absolutely right. It's a very dynamic market right now in the datacenter. We certainly see -- let me go through some of the pieces. So, on the positive side, we certainly see that acceleration of AI demand. From our standpoint, we see it in a couple ways. We have a number of design wins in AI deployments as the CPU that goes with GPUs, as well as other accelerators. So, in the head nodes, we've seen that positive on the CPU side. We've also seen some strong interest in our MI250 accelerator, which is currently shipping right now. And we see very strong pull on the MI300 accelerators that are starting production in the fourth quarter. So, those are the positive market dynamics as we go into the second-half of the year. We also see some of the softer cloud spend that is happening outside of AI as some of the cloud vendors are optimizing their CapEx. And enterprise, I would say is still on the weaker side. But with all that in place, we are expecting a large ramp in second-half for our Datacenter business, and weighted towards the fourth quarter. And we are still looking at a zip code of, let's call it, 50% plus or minus second-half to first-half. So, it's a big ramp, but when we look at all the components, I think that the customer pull is certainly there. And it's exciting to be in this part of the industry.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you for that, Lisa. I guess as my follow-up, still sticking with the Datacenter business. Your company is aggressively trying to ramp both the hardware and the software side of the MI300 programs to support AI. There's been some conflicting reports as to whether all of those deployments are time. I think you've, in the prepared script, said what you guys think about that. I guess my question is really around the software work and the hardware itself that you're doing with your lead customers, maybe you could give a little bit about, firstly, how the customer feedback has been on the performance of the hardware itself? And secondly, how you think the software work you're doing with your lead customers will translate into other customer deployments as we work through next year? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, absolutely. So, if I give you just some color on how the customer engagements are going, there's very strong customer interest across the board in our AI solutions, that includes, let's call it, multiple tier 1 hyperscalers that we're engaged with. It includes some large enterprises. And it also includes this new category of some of these AI-centric companies that are sort of very forward-looking in terms of how they're deploying and building AI solutions. So, from that aperture, we made a lot of progress with our ROCm software stack. I'm actually -- there is a lot more to do, but I would say the progress that we've made has been significant. We're getting lots of feedback from those lead customers. We're seeing the benefits of the optimization, so working also on the higher-level model frameworks, the work that we're doing with the PyTorch Foundation, the work that we're doing with Onyx, with Triton. And the key is we're getting significant real-time feedback from some of these lead customers. So, we're learning at a very fast pace. In terms of the feedback on performance, a number of companies have now been able to look at MI250 across a broad range of workloads, and that's a good translation as you go to MI300, and the feedback has been quite positive. We have customers sampling either on our lab systems, they're accessing the hardware, or sampling in their labs. And I would say, so far very positive. The pull is there. There is a lot of work to be done, but we feel very good about the progress of our overall AI solutions for the Datacenter.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Just building on Matt's comments or question, I just want to go back to the implied revenue for the Datacenter business for the back-half of the year. Jean, I think, last quarter, you had alluded to, for the full-year, the expectation is still growing 10% or double digits, I should say, for the full-year the Datacenter business, just confirming that. And what I'm really trying to ask is, given the guidance of flat year-over-year growth in Datacenter in 3Q, it would seem, if my math is correct, you're implying a 50% or so increase sequentially into 4Q. I'm just trying to frame exactly how you're thinking about the cadence of what 4Q looks like, underpinning that expectation?
Jean Hu: Hi, Aaron. Thanks for the question. I think as Lisa just mentioned earlier, it's a very dynamic market. There are puts and takes. We have a tremendously strong momentum with our product portfolio, but there is continued softness in enterprise market, and also call it, the optimization is still ongoing. So, overall on balance, we think year-over-year it's probably more like a high single-digit. It's really strong ramp, not only in Q3, right, sequentially earnings double-digit -- strong double-digit. And the Q4, of course we're going to see continued sequential strong ramp.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, that's helpful, Jean. And then just following up on that as well, how have you guys managed through, with that ramp in mind, the supply chain side? I know that your manufacturing partners talked about expanding their capacity significantly. Just curious of what you're seeing as far as being able to fulfill that degree of demand as we look into, not just this quarter, but into 4Q?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Aaron. So, we have been really investing in our supply chain, the Datacenter growth is so strategic to us, that this has been part of the strategy. So, if you look at all aspects of the supply chain, from the wafers to the backend capacity, to some of the specific components that you need to do something of the class of MI300, we've worked with the entire supply chain. We feel that we have ample supply for an aggressive ramp in the fourth quarter and into 2024. But this is certainly one of the areas that we spent quite a bit of time to ensure that we do have that confidence.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Aaron.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, thank you so much for taking the question. My first one is on the Datacenter business as well. And I just wanted to follow up on the Q3 to Q4 dynamic. And I do apologize if I missed this, but in the implied growth rate in Datacenter in Q4, can you speak to what percentage of supercomputing. I think there is a big project that's slated to ship in Q4. And is there any contribution from the Instinct series outside of supercomputing as well or is it primary your server CPU franchise?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. So, as Jean said, into the third quarter, we expect double-digit sequential growth in Datacenter, that's primarily EPYC. So, that's primarily the Zen 4, let's call it the combination of Genoa and Bergamo, as that continues to ramp. As we go into the fourth quarter, there is an implied significant ramp in revenue. I think there are multiple components to that. So, there is -- the server CPU side will continue to ramp as we see Zen 4 ramp. There is a sort of large, call it, lumpy supercomputer win, so our El Capitan win will be in the fourth quarter primarily, with a little bit in the first quarter. And then we will have contribution from both MI300X going to large AI customers as they start their initial ramps, as well as MI250s with a number of customers who have now -- view that as a very good option for some of the workloads that are not necessarily the largest language models or the largest parameters, but let's call it more sort of the other AI workload. So, those are the components of the fourth quarter implied growth. Lots of pieces to it, but clearly a big piece of it is the MI300 ramp.
Toshiya Hari: That's helpful, thank you, Lisa. And then shifting gears a little bit and follow-up question on the Client side. You talked about the business returning to profitability in Q3, which is great. But you're still well below where you were in '21 and '22 from an operating margin perspective. Can you speak to the competitive landscape in the client business? Is there a path back to, call it, 20%, 30% operating margins there? And do you have any cost initiatives ongoing to get you back to that level of profitability in Client? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure. Maybe let me start, and then maybe Jean can add some comment. So, look, I think the PC business has been fairly volatile over the last number of quarters, from the pandemic highs to some of the inventory digestion that we were all dealing with. I can say that I'm pleased to say that I think the growth that we're seeing -- that we saw during the second quarter and that we see in the second-half is the strength of our product portfolio. I think the Ryzen 7000 series is doing well, there's good customer pull. I think from a competitive dynamic standpoint, the business is always competitive, but we feel good about. The most important thing that was a little bit of a drag on operating margins was the revenue being low, as well as some of the -- we had a case where the sell-in was below consumption as we were normalizing inventory levels in the supply chain. As we get past that, what we see is I think the Client business continues to grow. We believe that Client will grow into 2024 as well. In terms of some of the cost initiatives, we have been, let's call it, optimizing sort of the overall R&D footprint, but maybe I'll let Jean comment some more.
Jean Hu: Yes, on the OpEx side, the team has done a great job during this process to really optimize the investment in Client, on the segment to be more efficient and effective. If you look at the overall common company level, our OpEx has been largely flattish. But we are investing in AI, Datacenter, and the strategic priorities we have which generate a much higher return on investment. So, we have optimized it. We feel pretty good about this level of operating expense to continue to invest in Client, the segment. As Lisa mentioned, it's really about revenue. The model we leverage to generate profitability, we should be able to get back to 20%.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur: Yes, good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Good to see the quarter-over-quarter inflexion in your EPYC business targeted at enterprise customers. I think you did mention a continued muted environment in enterprise. But the team continues to drive share gains with global corporations, you're ramping Genoa. Are you anticipating your enterprise segment to contribute to the strong second-half growth profile of your Datacenter business?
Lisa Su: Yes, thanks for the question, Harlan. Look, enterprise business is very strategic to us. We feel that we're underrepresented. It's a place that we're putting more resources because, again, when we look at the value proposition of Genoa and entire Zen 4 portfolio, we think it plays very well into the enterprise. So, pleased to see the growth in the second quarter. We do believe that we're on a path to continue to grow into the second-half of the year, and beyond. And the key here is also investments in some of the go-to-market activity, so investing in more business development folks that can call directly on these enterprise customers, together with our OEM partners, and ensure that our value proposition is very well understood.
Harlan Sur: Perfect, thank you. And then on the accelerated compute, general purpose compute demand might muted in China, but there is a significant amount of unmet demand for accelerated compute in this region. And I know there were performance thresholds put in place last year, and maybe U.S. government might lower that performance threshold again soon, I'm not sure. But let's say barring that, has the team looked into developing China-specific SKUs, if they are MI250 or your new MI300 platforms? It seems like the opportunity here is quite large.
Lisa Su: Yes, Harlan, look, China is a very important market for us, certainly across our portfolio, as we think about certainly the accelerator market. Our plan is to of course be fully compliant with U.S. Export controls, but we do believe there's an opportunity to develop product for our customer set in China that is looking for AI solutions, and we'll continue to work in that direction.
Harlan Sur: Thank you, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. The first one, just a clarification, would it be reasonable to assume that your GPU accelerator sales could be about, say, $500-ish million this year, so about 7%, 8% of datacenter sales? And if that is the right number, does it mean your server CPU sales are effectively flattish year-on-year this year?
Lisa Su: Yes, Vivek, I don't know that I would go into quite that granularity. What we will say is the GPU sales in the first-half of the year were very low as we were sort of in a product transition timing as we go into the second-half of the year. In particular, the fourth quarter, we'll have MI300 ramp. I think your number may be a little bit high in terms of the GPU sales, but overall in general, I think our expectation is that, as Jean said, the datacenter business, given all of the market dynamics, we see it up high single-digits year-on-year, we see much better second-half compared to first-half. And I think the product portfolio and the ramp of Genoa and Bergamo, as well as the ramp of MI300 are key components of the second-half ramp.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Lisa. And for my follow-up, just kind of a broader question on AI accelerators in the commercial market, so I'm excluding the Supercomputing, the El Capitan projects, et cetera. What is AMD's specific edge in this market? You know there are already strong and established kind of merchant players, there are a number of ASIC options, a number of your traditional competitors, Intel and others, and several startups are also ramping. So my question is, what is AMD's specific niche in this market? What is your value proposition and how sustainable is it, because you're just starting to sample the product now. So, I'm trying to get some realistic sense of how big it can be and what the specific kind of niche and differentiation is for AMD in this market?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure Vivek. So, I think maybe let me take a step back and just talk about sort of our investments in AI. So, our investments in AI are very broad and I know there's a lot of interest around datacenter, but I don't want us to lose track of the investments on the edge as well as in the client. But to your question on what is our value proposition in the datacenter, I think what we have shown is that we have very strong capability with supercomputing, as you've mentioned. And then, as you look at AI, there are many different types of AI. If you look across training and inference, sort of the largest language models and what drives some of the performance in there when we look at MI300, MI300 is actually designed to be a highly flexible family of products that looks across all of these different segments. And in particular, where we've seen a lot of interest is in the sort of large language model inference. So, MI300X has the highest memory bandwidth, has the highest memory capacity. And if you look at that inference workload, it's actually a very, it's very dependent on those things. That being said, we also believe that we have a very strong value proposition and training as well. When you look across those workloads and the investments that we're making, not just today, but going forward with our next generation MI400 series and so on and so forth, we definitely believe that we have a very competitive and capable hardware roadmap. I think the discussion about AMD, frankly, has always been about the software roadmap, and we do see a bit of a change here on the software side. Number one, we've put a tremendous amount of resource on it. So, bringing together our former Xilinx software team, together with the AMD sort of based software team, we've dramatically increased the resources. And also the focus has now been on sort of optimizing at these higher level models. So, if you think about the frameworks around PyTorch and Triton and Onyx, I think many of the new AI centric companies are actually optimizing at a different level, and they're working very closely with us. So, in this place where AI is tremendously exciting, I think there will be multiple winners. And we will be first to say that there are multiple winners. But we think our portfolio is actually fairly unique in the sense that we do have CPUs, GPUs, we have the accelerator technology with Ryzen AI on the PC side as well as in the embedded side with our Xilinx portfolio. So, I think it's a pretty broad and capable portfolio.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to first go back to the Q4 datacenter guide. So, if I do my math right, it's something like $700 million sequentially in datacenter from Q3 to Q4. So, how much of that is MI300 versus CPU? And given the lumpiness of the El Capitan piece, what does that imply for the potential seasonality into Q1 as most of it rolls off?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure. So, it is a large ramp, Stacy, into the fourth quarter. I think the largest piece of that is the MI300 ramp. But there is also a significant component that's just the EPYC processor ramp with, as I said, the Zen 4 portfolio. In terms of the lumpiness of the revenue and where it goes into 2024. Let me give you kind of a few pieces. So, I think there was a question earlier about how much of the MI300 revenue was AI centric versus let's call it supercomputing centric. The larger piece is supercomputing, but it's meaningful revenue contribution from AI. As we go into 2024, our expectation is again, let me go back to the customer interest on MI300X is very high. There are a number of customers that are looking to deploy as quickly as possible. So, we would expect early deployments as we go into the first-half of 2024, and then we would expect more volume in the second-half of '24 as those things fully qualify. So, it is going to be a little bit lumpy as we get through the next few quarters. But our visibility is such that there are multiple customers that are looking to deploy as soon as possible. And we're working very closely with them to do the co-engineering necessary to get them ramped.
Stacy Rasgon: But like, of the $700 million, it's like $400 million of it El Capitan or is it $500 million or $300 million like how big is the El Capitan piece?
Lisa Su: You can assume that the El Capitan is several hundred million.
Stacy Rasgon: Several hundred, okay. For my follow-up, just gross margins coming up in the back in the second. I mean, they still kind of missed in the quarter. I know they rounded up to 50%, but they were 49.7%. I know you're guiding 51 for Q3. Jean, where do you see gross margins sitting like in Q4 as we exit the year?
Jean Hu: Yes, I think the gross margin is, for us, the primary driver as we discussed in the past, it's really mixed. And if you look at our guidance or outlook of Q3, gross margin of 51%, it's more than one percentage point improvement sequentially despite of very significant headwind from embedded business declining in Q3. So, the datacenter and the client business are expect to grow double-digit sequentially and provide a positive impact on the gross margins, which actually more than offset the headwind from embedded business. So, going to Q4, again we're not guiding Q4 and it's going to depend on mix. I would say one thing is you will have a similar dynamics, right. Datacenters expect to grow very significantly. At the same time, we're going to have the same headwind from embedded business declining sequentially. So, overall, we do expect gross margin to improve from this level going forward.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. You've talked about the embedded business declining as you move into the second-half. Can you give us a sense for how much? And is that decline a function of the common infrastructure market or are you seeing weakness beyond that part of the market?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Joe. Thanks for the question. So, look, when I look at the embedded business, I think we should start by remembering that we're coming off of six quarters of very strong growth. I mean, this business has performed extremely well and very pleased with the overall momentum in the business. To your exact question of what we're seeing in the markets, we're actually seeing the core markets hold up pretty well, so let's call it aerospace and defense strong; industrial vision and healthcare, strong; test and emulation strong. We are seeing communications weakness. So, that is the primary driver of the second-half commentary. And there's also some inventory optimization, as you might expect, since our league times have come down over the last several months. So, in terms of zip code, I would say think of it as double-digit down sequentially in the third quarter, and that's the current view that we have. But overall, the business has been extremely strong for us, so I think this is an expected decline as we come off the cycle.
Joseph Moore: Great. And any sense for beyond this quarter, since we've asked you so many Q4 questions already today, but any sense is that kind of the bottom level or do you expect there to be some continued contraction?
Lisa Su: As Jean would say, we're not guiding for the fourth quarter, but I think you should expect embedded sort of in that similar zip code. Yes, that's what I would say.
Joseph Moore: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Jean, my first question is on inventory. You said it's going to come down a bit as you ramp into the Q4, obviously, you have a big Q4. Can you sort of shape that out for us? Before this, normalized inventory days were kind of 90 to 100 days. Where do you think you're going to exit Q4 in terms of inventory days?
Jean Hu: Yes, Tim, thanks for the question. I think as we ramp those product lines in Q3 and Q4, you will see inventory come down first in Q3 and Q4 again. I think the inventory days of inventory probably will be around 110 to 120 days. The key thing is, right, is if you look at a lot of our product, they are like advanced process technology, five nanometer, four nanometer, six. The manufacturing cycle tend to be long. So, in the longer term, you should expect us from days of inventory be more around 100 to 120 days versus traditionally like 80 days or 75 days. That will be too short for really most advanced process technologies.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. And then, my follow-up is for you, Lisa. I mean if you kind of add up the units, the customer interest, you can easily get to several hundred thousand units, it seems to me, for the MI300X next year. So, the question really is on the supply chain, and particularly Cohost, do you think that's going to be a bottleneck for you? I know that they've been expanding capacity. I know you've been trying to procure more there. Can you sort of talk about that and sort of do you think that supply could become a limiting factor you next year? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely. So, I'm not going to comment on the exact units, but what I will say is that we've been focused on the supply chain for MI300 for quite some time. It is tight. There's no question that it's tight in the industry. However, we have sort of commitments for significant capacity across the entire supply chain. So, co-host is one piece of it, high bandwidth memory is another piece of it and then just the general capacity requirements and look, our goal is to make this a significant growth driver for AMD, I think it's a great market opportunity. We love the engagements with customers, it's our responsibility to provide the supply for the demand and so that's what we've been working on.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with SIG. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Rolland: Hey guys, thanks for the question and more on the MI300 opportunity that you guys called out as a multibillion dollar growth opportunity, I was wondering if perhaps you could put a time frame around that multibillion dollar opportunity but more specifically, have you guys ported over MI300 LLMs to MI300? Have you looked at the performance? How do they perform? Are you excited about that? And then, in terms of hyperscale uptake, is it the X version, the GPU only version, that you expect to be the biggest seller here? And have you had any semi-custom kind of configurations here that potentially might even include an FPGA or other kind of Lego movements on the MI300? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure. So, there were a lot of aspects to that question, Chris. So, let me try to give you some framework here. I don't think we're ready to talk about timing yet of revenue numbers. What we will say is we do believe it's a multibillion dollar opportunity. I think 2024 is a very important year for us. Ramping MI300 in multiple customers over the next several quarters is very important. I think I mentioned earlier in the Q&A that the customer interest is actually diverse, which is great. It includes sort of what you would expect in terms of the large Tier-1 hyperscalers. But I think these new class of sort of AI focused companies have been working very closely with us, and then some of the large enterprises are also looking at ramping up their efforts. The performance that we see is strong. I think the large language model work that we've done, we've done a lot of it on MI250, and we've seen very good results that's on both training as well as inference. I think as we go through MI300 again, the early results are strong. For AI applications, what we're seeing now is MI300X. So, let's call it the GPU only version is the one that is sort of most prevalent in the AI customer engagement. But the MI300A, actually, which is sort of where we have the CPU and the GPU more closely coupled together is also of interest. So, I think the key is I think we've built a platform that does allow people to kind of choose what is best for the models and for the workloads that they're trying to enable. And that's what we're working on.
Christopher Rolland: Great. And just as a quick follow-up, then, Siena Telco is a market kind of owned by your competitor there. They have a lot of software around Telco. What kind of share do you think you can take in the Telco market from them over the next few years?
Lisa Su: Yes, we're excited about Siena. I think Siena fits again. It's as you said, it's a niche that we haven't previously been focused on. I think our interactions with the Telco suppliers are they're anxious to have Siena be a part of their portfolio. Siena is also one that we'll use for other edge applications, or let's call it lower end applications that need the performance of Zen 4, but perhaps not the heavy platform that we have on the Genoa and Bergamo. So, we do think we're starting from a very low point. So, there's an opportunity to gain share over the next couple of years, and we'll focus on that.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks so much, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danely: Hey, team. Thanks for squeezing me in. Lisa, so if the MI250, 300, et cetera ramp or the revenue is mostly GPU only, what kind of an impact would that have on AMD gross margin? Would that still be gross margin accretive or dilutive or net neutral to your corporate gross margin?
Lisa Su: Yes, thanks Chris. Let me just make sure I get the statement clear. So, both MI300A and MI300X will be part of the ramp, particularly in the fourth quarter. And as we go into next year for the AI specific applications, we are more heavily weighted towards MI300X, just given sort of where the software is written. And to your question about gross margins at the corporate level, so we would expect that our AI business will be accretive to gross margins at the corporate level. And obviously, as you start the ramp, there's a little bit of learning, but overall we expect it to be accretive to our corporate gross margins.
Chris Danely: Great. And then, from a follow-up I just had -- I guess clarification, so it sounds like most of the MI revenue you have in the hopper right now for at least the committed revenue is LCAP, is that true? And do you have other, I guess, confirmed or hard orders for that, or maybe just spend some time telling us how you're working with the customers or what it takes for them to go from, "Hey, we are interested," to, "Here is the purchase order?"
Lisa Su: Yes. So, may be if your question is do we have other customers who are committed to MI300 other than LCAP, the answer is yes. We have a number of customers who are actually committed. And the way these things go, actually it's not different, not very different than how a server ramp goes, right? I mean one starts with an initial deployment, ensures that the software works, ensures that we have all of the reliability and capability in the datacenter, and then they ramp from that. I will say the difference in AI deployments is, I think, customers are willing to go very quickly. There is sort of a desire and agility because we all want to accelerate the amount of AI compute that's out there. And so, the speed in which customers are engaged and customers are making decisions is actually faster than they would in sort of a normal, sort of regular environment. And that's great. I think that's helping us, as I said earlier, learn, perfect the software, get of all the capabilities in place for a significant ramp next year.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thanks.
Mitch Haws: John, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. And our final question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Harsh Kumar: Yes, hey, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. And Lisa, we are looking forward to an exciting second-half for your company. I had a quick question on the server share. Do you think that there is a theoretical limit to the share that AMD can get? Historically initially we heard 80/20 was a pervading rule, and then you busted through that. Now we are hearing customers say 70/30 is more like it. More importantly, are there anything large vendors for your server business, where you have significantly more than 30% share, let's say, 40% or even 50% share? And I have a follow-up.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Harsh. Thanks for the question. Look, in the server business, I think the most important thing for our customers is that we have a strong roadmap, and it's a roadmap that they can count on. And we've been building that sort of working model, that roadmap, and the trust over the past four or five years. So, I don't think there is any theoretical cap on AMD share. I would say, if we look today, there are multiple customers who have us deployed in their datacenters more than 50% share. And from our view, the place where we have perhaps been a bit more underrepresented is in the enterprise. And that's just a matter of sort of the breadth of enterprise customers and the breadth of enterprise software. So, we believe that we have leadership today, and we are very, very focused on ensuring that we continue leadership in the market. And with that, there is an opportunity to continue to gain share in the server market.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you, Lisa. On my second one, can you help us think a little bit about the generative AI spend, let's say, if you can side press some kind of metric, and so, how many dollars of spend today are you seeing from your customers on generative AI for let's say each dollar of regular server CPU spend? Is there a metric that we can think of? Is there a trend today? And where do you think it can be in a couple of years.
Lisa Su: Yes. I think, Harsh, the best way to answer that, and again, we are all sort of -- it's all on crystal ball as to what's going to happen over the next four or five years. There is no question that the demand for generative AI solutions is very high, and there is a lot of compute capacity that needs to put in. The way we size the market is, it can perhaps grow at a rate of, let's call it 50% CAGR plus or minus over the next three or four years. So, that would take us to $150 billion by the time we get to 2027. Now, that's all accelerators in the datacenters, so that includes GPUs, that includes other ASICs and other accelerators. But I think we have an opportunity to address a large portion of that market. So, that makes it very clear priority for us. It's our number one strategic priority, and we will continue to work closely with our customers as they optimize between CPU and GPU or spend.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thank you.
Mitch Haws: Great. John, that concludes today's call. Thank you to everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the AMD First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ruth Cotter. Please go ahead, Ruth.
Ruth Cotter: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and accompanying slideware. If you've not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. . We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and slides posted on our website.  Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website.  Before we begin today's call, we would like to note that Jean Hu will attend the JPM Annual Technology, Media and Communications Conference on Tuesday, May 23; Dan McNamara, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Server Business Unit, will attend the Bank of America Global Technology Conference on Tuesday, June 6. And our second quarter 2023 quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, June 16.  Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  Now with that, I'll hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Ruth, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. We executed very well in the first quarter as we delivered better-than-expected revenue and earnings in a mixed demand environment, launched multiple leadership products across our businesses and made significant progress accelerating our AI road map and customer engagements across our portfolio.  First quarter revenue was $5.4 billion, a decrease of 9% year-over-year. Sales of our data center and embedded products contributed more than 50% of overall revenue in the quarter as cloud and embedded revenue grew significantly year-over-year.  Looking at the first quarter business results. Data Center segment revenue of $1.3 billion was flat year-over-year with higher cloud sales offset by lower enterprise sales. In cloud, the quarter played out largely as we expected. EPYC CPU sales grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year but declined sequentially as elevated inventory levels with some MDC customers resulted in a lower sell-in TAM for the quarter.  Against this backdrop, we were pleased that the largest cloud providers further expanded their AMD deployments in the quarter to power a larger portion of their internal workloads and public instances. 28 new AMD instances launched in the first quarter, including multiple confidential computing offerings from Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud and Oracle Cloud that take advantage of the unique security features of our EPYC processors. In total, we now have more than 640 AMD-powered public instances available.  Enterprise sales declined year-over-year and sequentially as end customer demand softened due to near-term macroeconomic uncertainty. We continued growing our enterprise pipeline and closed multiple wins with Fortune 500 automotive, technology and financial companies in the quarter. We made strong progress in the quarter, ramping our Zen 4 EPYC CPU portfolio. All of our large cloud customers have Genoa running in their data centers and are on track to begin broad deployments to power their internal workloads and public instances in the second quarter.  For the enterprise, Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Super Micro and other leading providers entered production on new Genoa server platforms that complement their existing third-gen EPYC platforms. We are on track to launch Bergamo, our first cloud-native server CPU and Genoa-X, our fourth Gen EPYC processor with 3D chiplets for leadership in technical computing workloads later this quarter. Although we expect server demand to remain mixed in the second quarter, we are well positioned to grow our cloud and enterprise footprint in the second half of the year based on the strong customer response to the performance and TCO advantages of Genoa, Bergamo and Genoa-X.  Now looking at our broader data center business. In networking, Microsoft Azure launched their first instance powered by our Pensando DPU and software stack that can significantly increase application performance for networking intensive workloads by enabling 10x more connections per second compared to non-accelerated instances.  We expanded our data center product portfolio with the launch of our first ASIC-based Alveo data center media accelerator that supports 4x the number of simultaneous video streams compared to our prior generation. In supercomputing, the Max Planck Society announced plans to build the first supercomputer in the EU, powered by fourth-gen EPYC CPUs and Instinct MI300 accelerators that is expected to deliver a 3x increase in application performance and significant TCO improvements compared to their current system.  Our AI activities increased significantly in the first quarter, driven by expanded engagements with a broad set of data center and embedded customers. We expanded the software ecosystem support for our Instinct GPUs in the first quarter, highlighted by the launch of the widely used PyTorch 2.0 framework, which now offers native support for our ROCm software. In early April, researchers announced they used the LUMI supercomputer powered by third-gen EPYC CPUs and Instinct MI250 accelerators to train the largest Finnish language model to date.  Customer interest has increased significantly for our next-generation Instinct MI300 GPUs for both AI training and inference of large language models. We made excellent progress achieving key MI300 silicon and software readiness milestones in the quarter, and we're on track to launch MI300 later this year to support the El Capitan Exascale supercomputer win at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and large cloud AI customers.  To execute our broad AI strategy and significantly accelerate this key part of our business, we brought together multiple AI teams from across the company into a single organization under Victor Peng. The new AI group has responsibility for owning our end-to-end AI hardware strategy and driving development of a complete software ecosystem, including optimized libraries, models and framework spanning our full product portfolio.  Now turning to our client segment. Revenue declined 65% year-over-year to $739 million as we shipped significantly below consumption to reduce downstream inventory. As we stated on our last earnings call, we believe the first quarter was the bottom for our client processor business. We expanded our leadership desktop and notebook processor portfolio significantly in the quarter. In desktops, we launched the industry's fastest gaming processors with our Ryzen 7000 X3D series CPUs that combine our Zen 4 core with industry-leading 3D chiplet packaging technology.  In mobile, the first notebooks powered by our Dragon Range CPUs launched a strong demand, with multiple third-party reviews highlighting how our 16 core Ryzen 9 7945HX CPU is now the fastest mobile processor available. We also ramped production of our Zen 4-based Phoenix Ryzen 7040 series CPUs in the first quarter for ultrathin and gaming notebooks to support the more than 250 ultrathin gaming and commercial notebook design wins on track to launch this year from Acer, Asus, Dell, HP and Lenovo.  Looking at the year, we continue to expect the PC TAM to be down approximately 10% for 2023 to approximately 260 million units. Based on the strength of our product portfolio, we expect our client CPU sales to grow in the second quarter and in the seasonally stronger second half of the year.  Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue declined 6% year-over-year to $1.8 billion as higher semi-custom revenue was offset by lower gaming graphics sales. Semi-custom SoC revenue grew year-over-year as demand for premium consoles remain strong following the holiday cycle.  In gaming graphics, channel sell-through of our Radeon 6000 and Radeon 7000 series GPUs increased sequentially. We saw strong sales of our high-end Radeon 7900 XTX GPUs in the first quarter, and we're on track to expand our RDNA 3 GPU portfolio with the launch of new mainstream Radeon 7000 series GPUs this quarter.  Looking at our Embedded segment. Revenue increased significantly year-over-year to a record $1.6 billion. We saw strength across the majority of our embedded markets, led by increased demand from industrial, vision and health care, test and emulation, communications, aerospace and defense and automotive customers. Demand for our adaptive computing solutions continues to grow as industrial vision and health care customers actively work to add more advanced compute capabilities across their product lines.  We also released new Vitis AI software libraries to enable advanced visualization and AI capabilities for our medical customers and launched our next-generation Kria platform that provides a turnkey solution to deploy our leadership adaptive computing capabilities for smart camera, industrial and machine vision applications.  In Communications, we saw strength with wired customers as new infrastructure design wins ramped into production. We also launched Zynq RFSoC products to accelerate 4G and 5G radio deployments in cost-sensitive markets and formed our first telco solutions lab to validate end-to-end solutions based on AMD CPUs, adaptive SoCs, FPGAs, DPUs and software.  In automotive, deployments of our adaptive silicon solutions for high-end ADAS and AI features grew in the quarter, highlighted by Subaru rolling out its AMD-based EyeSight 4 platform across their full range of vehicles. In addition, we expanded our embedded processor portfolio with the launches of Ryzen 5000 and EPYC 9000 embedded series processors with leadership performance and efficiency as we focus on growing share in the security, storage, edge server and networking markets.  Looking more broadly across our embedded business, we are making great progress in bringing together our expanded portfolio and scale to drive deeper engagements with our largest embedded customers.  In summary, I'm pleased with our operational and financial performance in the first quarter. In the near term, we continue to see a mixed demand environment based on the uncertainties in the macro environment. Based on customer demand signals, we expect second quarter revenue will be flattish sequentially with growth in our client and data center segments, offset by modest declines in our Gaming and Embedded segments.  We remain confident in our ability to grow in the second half of the year, driven by adoption of our Zen 4 product portfolio, improving demand trends in our client business and the early ramp of our Instinct MI300 accelerators for HPC and AI.  Looking longer term, we have significant growth opportunities ahead based on successfully delivering our road maps and executing our strategic data center and embedded priorities, led by accelerating adoption of our AI products. We are in the very early stages of the AI computing era, and the rate of adoption and growth is faster than any other technology in recent history.  And as the recent interest in generative AI highlights, bringing the benefits of large language models and other AI capabilities to cloud, edge and endpoints require significant increases in compute performance. AMD is very well positioned to capitalize on this increased demand for compute based on our broad portfolio of high-performance and adaptive compute engines, the deep relationships we have established with customers across a diverse set of large markets, and our expanding software capabilities.  We are very excited about our opportunity in AI. This is our #1 strategic priority, and we are engaging deeply across our customer set to bring joint solutions to the market, led by our upcoming Instinct MI300 GPUs, Ryzen 7040 Series CPUs with Ryzen AI, Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoCs, LVO V70 data center inference accelerators and Versal AI adaptive data center and edge SoCs. I look forward to sharing more about our AI progress over the coming quarters as we broaden our portfolio and grow this strategic part of our business.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide some additional color on our first quarter results. Jean?
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results for the first quarter and then provide our current outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2023. As a reminder, for comparative purposes, first quarter 2022 results included the only partial quarter financial results from the acquisition of Xilinx, which closed in February 2022.  Revenue in the fourth quarter was $5.4 billion, a decrease of 9% year-over-year as Embedded segment strength was offset by lower Client segment revenue. Gross margin was 50%, down 2.7 percentage points from a year ago, primarily impacted by Client segment performance.  Operating expenses were $1.6 billion, increasing 18% year-over-year, primarily due to inclusion of a full quarter of expenses from Xilinx and Pensando acquisitions. Operating income was $1.1 billion, down $739 million year-over-year, and the operating margin was 21%. Interest expense, taxes and other was $128 million. For the first quarter, diluted earnings per share was $0.60 due to better-than-expected revenue and operating expenses.  Now turning to our reportable segment for the first quarter. Starting with the Data Center segment, revenue was $1.3 billion, flat year-over-year, driven primarily by higher sales of EPYC processors to cloud customers, offset by lower enterprise server processor sales.  Data Center segment operating income was $148 million or 11% of revenue compared to $427 million or 33% a year ago. Lower operating income was primarily due to product mix and increased R&D investments to address large opportunities ahead of us.  Client segment revenue was $739 million, down 65% year-over-year as we shipped significantly below consumption to reduce downstream inventory. We expect an improvement in second quarter Client segment revenue and a seasonally stronger second half. Client segment operating loss was $172 million compared to operating income of $692 million a year ago, primarily due to lower revenue.  Gaming segment revenue was $1.8 billion, down 6% year-over-year. Semi-custom revenue grew double-digit percentage year-over-year, which was more than offset by lower gaming graphics revenue. Gaming segment operating income was $314 million or 18% of revenue compared to $358 million or 19% a year ago. Decrease was primarily due to lower gaming graphics revenue.  Embedded segment revenue was $1.6 billion, up $967 million year-over-year, primarily due to full quarter of Xilinx revenue and the strong performance across multiple end markets. Embedded segment operating income was $798 million or 51% of revenue compared to $277 million or 46% a year ago, primarily driven by the inclusion of a full quarter of Xilinx.  Turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $486 million in cash from operations, reflecting our strong financial model despite the mixed demand environment. Free cash flow was $328 million. In the first quarter, we increased inventory by $464 million, primarily in anticipation of the ramp of new Data Center and Client product in advanced process node. At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalents and such short-term investment were $5.9 billion, and we returned $241 million to shareholders through share repurchases. We have a $6.3 billion in remaining authorization for share repurchases. In summary, in an uncertain macroeconomic environment, the AMD team executed very well, delivering better-than-expected top line revenue and earnings.  Now turning to our second quarter 2023 outlook. We expect revenue to be approximately $5.3 billion, plus or minus $300 million, a decrease of approximately 19% year-over-year and approximately flat sequentially. Year-over-year, we expect the Client, Gaming and the Data Center segment to decline, partially offset by Embedded segment growth. Sequentially, we expect Client and Data Center segment growth to be offset by modest Gaming and Embedded segment decline.  In addition, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 50%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.6 billion. Effective tax rate to be 13%. And the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.62 billion shares.  In closing, I'm pleased with our strong top line and bottom line execution. We have a very strong financial model, and we'll continue to invest in our long-term strategic priorities, including accelerating our AI offerings to drive sustainable value creation over the long term.  With that, I'll turn it back to Ruth for Q&A session.
Ruth Cotter: Thank you, Jean. And Kevin, we're happy to pull the audience for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: For my first one, Lisa, when I look at your full year Data Center outlook for some growth, that implicitly suggest Data Center, right, could be up 30% in the second half versus the first half, right? And I'm curious, what is your confidence and visibility and some of the assumptions that go into that view?  Is it -- do you think there is a much bigger ramp in the new products? Is it enterprise recovery? Is it pricing? So just give us a sense for how we should think about the confidence and visibility of the strong ramp that is implied in your second half Data Center outlook?
Lisa Su: Right. So Vivek, thanks for the question. Maybe let me give you some context on what's going on in the Data Center right now. First of all, we have said that it's a mixed environment in the Data Center. So the first half of the year, there are some of the larger cloud customers that are working through some inventory and optimization as well as a weaker enterprise.  As we go into the second half of the year, we see a couple of things. First, our road map is very strong. So the feedback that we're getting working with our customers on, Genoa it's ramping well. It is very differentiated in terms of TCO and overall performance. So we think it's very well positioned. Much of the work that we've done in the first half of the year -- in the first quarter and here in the second quarter is to ensure that we complete all of that work such that we can ramp across a broader set of workloads as we go into the second half of the year.  And then I would say, from an overall market standpoint, I think enterprise will still be mixed with the notion that we expect some improvement. It depends a little bit on the macro situation. And then as we go into the second half of the year, in addition to Genoa, we're also ramping Bergamo. So that's on track to launch here in the second quarter and will ramp in the second half of the year. And then as we get towards the end of the year, we also have our GPU ramp of MI300. So with that, we start the ramp in the fourth quarter of our supercomputing wins as well as our early cloud AI wins. So those are all the factors. Of course, we'll have to see how the year plays out but we feel very good about how we're positioned from an overall product and roadmap standpoint for Data Center.
Vivek Arya: All right. And for my follow-up, Lisa, how do you see the market share evolve in the Data Center in the second half? Do you think that the competitive gap between your and your competitors' products, has that narrowed? Or you still think that in the second half, you have a chance to gain market share in the Data Center?
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely, Vivek. Well, I mean, we've gained share nicely over the last 4 years. When you look at our Data Center progression, it's actually been pretty steady. As we go into the second half of this year, I think we continue to believe that we have a very strong competitive position. So we do think that positions us well to gain share.  In the conversations that we're having with customers, I think they're enthusiastic about Zen 4 and what it can bring into cloud workloads as well as enterprise workloads. I think actually Genoa is extremely well positioned for enterprise where we have been underrepresented. So we feel good about the road map. I mean, obviously, it's competitive, but we feel very good about our ability to continue to gain share.
Operator: Next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Lisa, I wanted to ask about the Embedded business. It's been a really strong business for you since the acquisition of Xilinx. You're guiding the business down sequentially in Q2. Is this sort of the macro/cycle kicking in? Or is it something supply related? If you can kind of expand on the Q2 outlook there and your expectations for the second half, that would be helpful.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. I mean I think the Embedded business has performed extremely well over the last 4 or 5 quarters. Q1 was another record for the Embedded business. When we look underneath it, there is a broad set of market segments that we have exposure to, and the majority of them are actually doing very well. Our thought process for sort of modest decline into Q2 is that we did have a bunch of backlog that we're in the process of clearing and that backlog will clear in Q2, and then we expect that the growth will moderate a bit. We still very much like the positioning of sort of our aerospace and defense, our industrial, our test and emulation business, our automotive business. We expect wireless trends to be a little bit weaker as well as consumer trends. So those are the kind of the puts and takes in the market. But I would say the business has performed well above our expectations.
Toshiya Hari: That's helpful. And then as my follow-up, maybe one for Jean on the gross margin side of things. In your slide deck, I think you're guiding gross margins up half over half in the second half. Can you maybe speak to the puts and takes and the drivers as you think about gross margins over the next 6 to 9 months?
Jean Hu: Yes. Thank you for the question. Our gross margin is primarily driven by mix. If you look at the first half -- first quarter performance and second quarter guide, we are very pleased with the strong gross margin performance in both the Data Center and the embedded segment. We haven't been seeing headwinds from Client segment impacting our gross margin.  Going to the second half, we do expect gross margin improvement because Data Center is going up and the Embedded continue to be relatively strong. The pace of improvement in the second half actually will be largely dependent on the Client segment. We think the Client segment gross margin is also going to improve. But overall, it's going to be below corporate average. So the pace of improvement of gross margin could be dependent on the pace of the Client business recovery in second half. But in the longer term, right, when we look at our business opportunities, the largest incremental revenue opportunities are going to come from Data Center and Embedded segment. So we are building very good about longer-term gross margin going up continuously.
Operator: Next question is coming from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: I've got two as well. I guess the first question going back on just like the cadence of the server CPU cycle with Genoa and Bergamo. And I think it's great to hear that you guys are on track to launch Bergamo here. But there's been some discussion here throughout this last quarter around some DDR5 challenges. I think there's PMIC issues. I'm just curious of how you -- if those issues have presented themselves or how you would characterize the cadence of the ramp cycle of Genoa at this point?
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Aaron. So yes, look, I think Genoa, we always said, as we launched it, that it would be a little bit more of a longer transition compared to Milan because it is a new platform. So it is the new DDR5, it's PCI Gen 5. And for many of our top customers, they're also doing other things other than upgrading the CPUs.  So from that standpoint, I would say the ramp is going about as we expected. We've seen a lot of interest, a lot of customer engineering work that we're doing together in the data centers with our customers, we feel great about the set of workloads, and we see expansion in the workloads going forward. So overall, our expectation is, particularly as we go into the second half, we'll see Genoa ramp more broadly. But Genoa and Milan are going to coexist throughout the year, just given sort of the breadth of platforms that we have.
Aaron Rakers: And anything specific on the DDR5 questions that come up? And then I'm curious but my second question just real quick is the MI300, if we look out beyond just the El Capitan deployment through the course of this year, how do you guys think about success in that data center GPU market as we think about beyond just El Capitan?
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Aaron. So back to the DDR5 question, we haven't seen anything specific on DDR5. And it's just normal platform bring up that we're seeing. Now as it relates to your question about MI300, look, we're really excited about the AI opportunity. I think that is success for us is having a significant part of the AI overall opportunity. AI for us is broader than cloud. I mean it also includes what we're doing in Clients and Embedded. But specifically, as it relates to MI300, MI300 is actually very well positioned for both HPC or supercomputing workloads as well as for AI workloads.  And with the recent interest in generative AI, I would say the pipeline for MI300 has expanded considerably here over the last few months, and we're excited about that. We're putting a lot more resources, I mentioned on the prepared remarks, the work that we're doing, sort of taking our Xilinx and sort of the overall AMD AI efforts and collapsing them into one organization, that's primarily to accelerate our AI software work as well as platform work. So success for MI300 is for sure a significant part of sort of the growth in AI in the cloud. And I think we feel good about how we're positioned there.
Operator: Next question is coming from Matt Ramsey from TD Cowen.
Matthew Ramsay: Lisa, my first question, I think just the way the business has trended, right, with enterprise and with China in the data center market being a bit softer recently, and it seems like that's kind of continuing into the second quarter. It occurs to me that a big percentage of your data center business, particularly in server in the second half of the year is going to be driven by U.S. hyperscale.  And I guess my question is the level of visibility you have to unit volumes, to pricing, to timing of ramps. If you could walk us through that a little bit, given it's customer concentrated. I imagine you have some level of visibility. And you mentioned growth for the year-end data center. If you could be a little bit more precise there, that's -- I understand there's market dynamics, but it's a bit of a big comment and folk just push me to ask about quantifying the growth for the year.
Lisa Su: Sure. Matt, thanks for the question. So look, I think as we work with our largest cloud customers in the Data Center segment, particularly with our EPYC CPUs, we have very good conversations in terms of what their ramp plans are, what their qualification plans are, which workloads, which instances. So I feel that we have good visibility. Obviously, some of this is still dependent on overall macro situation and overall demand. But our view is that there is a lot of good progress in the Data Center.  Now in terms of quantification, as I said, there's a lot of puts and takes. My view is that enterprise will improve as we go into the second half, and we're even seeing, I would say, some very early signs of some improvement in China as well. So our view is, I think, double-digit Data Center growth is what we currently see. And certainly, we would like to ramp Genoa and Bergamo as a large piece given the strength of those products, we'd like to see them grow share here over the next couple of quarters.
Matthew Ramsay: Lisa, that's helpful. For my follow-up question, I think in the prepared scripts, we're obviously undershipping sell-through to clear the channel in the Client business in the first half of the year. And I think the language that was used was seasonal improvements in the second half. So are you guys expecting to come back to shipping in line with sell-through so to stop under-shipping demand? And then for on top of that seasonal improvements in the market? Or -- and if you could just kind of help me think about the magnitude and the moving pieces in Client for the second half?
Lisa Su: Yes. So we've been undershipping sort of consumption in the Client business for about 3 quarters now. And certainly, our goal has been to normalize the inventory in the supply chain so that shipments would be closer to consumption. We expect that, that will happen in the second half of the year, and that's what the comment meant that we believe that there will be improvements in the overall inventory positioning.  And then we also believe that the Client market is stabilizing. So Q1 was the bottom for our business as well as for the overall market. From what we see although it will be a gradual set of improvements, we do see that the overall market should be better in the second half of the year. We like our product portfolio a lot. I'm excited about having AI-enabled on our Ryzen 7000 series. And we have leadership notebook platforms with Dragon Range. Our desktop road map is also quite strong with our new launch of the Ryzen 7000 X3D products.  And so I think here in the second quarter, we'll still undership consumption a bit. And by the second half of the year, we should be more normalized between shipments and consumption, and we expect some seasonal improvement into the second half.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Yes, I guess same question in terms of the cloud business. You mentioned some combination of kind of digestion of spending and inventory reduction. Can you give us a sense of how much inventory was there in hyperscale? How much has it come down? And how much are you sort of maybe undershipping demand in that segment.
Lisa Su: Yes. I think, Joe, this is a bit harder because every customer is different. What we're seeing is different customers are at a different place in their sort of overall cycle. But let me say it this way though. I think we have good visibility with all of our large customers in terms of what they're trying to do for the quarter, for the year. Obviously, some of that will depend on how the macro plays out. But from our viewpoint, I think we're also going through a product transition between Milan and Genoa and some of these workloads.  So if you put all those things into the conversation, that's why our comment was that we will -- we do believe that the second quarter will grow modestly and then there'll be more growth in the second half of the year as it relates to the Data Center business. So there lots of puts and takes, every customers in a bit of a different cycle. But overall, the number of workloads that they're going to be using AMD on, we believe, will expand as we go through the next few quarters.
Joseph Moore: Great. And then for my follow-up, I mean, you mentioned interest in MI300 around generative AI. Can you talk to -- is that right now kind of a revenue pipeline with major hyperscalers? Or is that sort of more indication of interest level? Just trying to figure out where you are in terms of establishing yourself in that market?
Lisa Su: Yes. I would say, Joe, we've been at this for quite some time. So AI has been very much a strategic priority for AMD for quite some time. With MI250, we've actually made strong progress. We mentioned in the prepared remarks some of the work that was done on the LUMI supercomputer with generative AI models. We've continued to do quite a bit of library optimization with MI250 and software optimization to really ensure that we could increase the overall performance and capabilities.  MI300 looks really good. I think from everything that we see, the workloads have also changed a bit in terms of -- whereas a year ago, much of the conversation was primarily focused on training. Today, that has migrated to sort of large language model inferencing, which is particularly good for GPUs. So I think from an MI300 standpoint, we do believe that we will start ramping revenue in the fourth quarter with cloud AI customers and then it will be more meaningful in 2024.
Operator: Next question is coming from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good to see the strong dynamics in Embedded, very diverse end markets. And given their strong market share position here, the Xilinx team is in a really good position to catalyze EPYC attach or Ryzen attached to their FPGA and adaptive compute solutions, right? I think embedded x86 is like a $6 billion to $8 billion per year market opportunity. So, Lisa, given you're a year with Xilinx in the portfolio, can you just give us an update on the synergy unlock and driving higher AMD compute attached to Xilinx sockets?
Lisa Su: Yes. Thanks, Harlan. It's a great question. The Xilinx portfolio has done extremely well with us. Very strong, I would say, we continue to get more content attached to the FPGAs and the adaptive SoCs. We have seen the beginnings of good traction with the cross-selling and that is opportunity to take both Ryzen and EPYC CPUs into the broader embedded market. I think the customers are very open to that. I think we have a sales force and a go-to-market capability across this customer set that is very helpful for that.  So I do believe that this is a long-term opportunity for us to continue to grow our embedded business. And we've already seen some design wins as a result of the combination of the Xilinx portfolio and the AMD portfolio, and I think we'll see a lot more of that going forward.
Harlan Sur: Great. And in terms of other opportunities, there appears to be this trend towards more of your cloud and hyperscale customers opting to do their own silicon solutions around accelerated compute or AI offload ends, right? And if I look at it right, there are less than a handful of the world semiconductor companies that have the compute, graphics, connectivity IP portfolio that you guys have as well as the capabilities to design these very complex offload SoCs, right? Does the team have a strategy to try and go after some of the semi-custom or full-blown ASIC-based hyperscale programs?
Lisa Su: We do, Harlan, and I would put it more broadly. And the more -- the broader point is, I think we have a very complete IP portfolio across CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs, adaptive SoCs, DPUs and a very capable semi-custom team. And so beyond hyperscalers, I think when we look at sort of higher volume opportunities, we think there are higher volume opportunities beyond game consoles that there are custom opportunities available. So I think that combination of IP is very helpful. I think it's a long-term opportunity for us, and it's one of the areas where we think we can add value to our largest customers.
Operator: Next question is coming from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Lisa, I just want to talk about the pricing environment in a general sense. You guys have done a great job of increasing the benefits to your customers and being able to raise prices, pass along cost increases, those sorts of things. But the competitive intensity and the weakness in the market, at least currently seems to -- that it could work against that.  So in the near term and then perhaps exiting this year into the next couple of years, can you just talk about where you think pricing is going to go across both your Data Center market, most importantly, but then also in your Client market?
Lisa Su: Yes. I think, Ross, what I would say is a couple of things. I think in the Data Center market, the pricing is relatively stable. And what that comes from is -- our goal is to add more capability, right? So it's a TCO equation where as we're going from Milan to Genoa, we are adding more cores, more performance. And the performance per dollar that we offer to our customers is one where it's advantageous for them to adopt our technologies and our solutions. So I expect that.  I think in the Client business, given some of the inventory conditions in there, I think there's -- it's a more competitive environment. We're all -- from my standpoint, we're focused on normalizing the inventory levels. And with that normalization, the most important thing is to ensure that we get the shipments more in line with consumption because I think that's a healthier business environment overall. And then, again, it's back to product values, right? So we have to ensure that our products continue to offer superior performance per dollar, performance per watt capabilities in the market.
Ross Seymore: And pivoting for my follow-up on the AI side and MI300. I just wanted to know what you would describe as your competitive advantages? Everybody knows that's a market that's exploding right now. There's tons of demand. You guys have all the IP to be able to attack it. But there's a very large incumbent in that space as well.  So when you think about what AMD can bring to the market, whether it's hardware, software, heterogeneity of the products you can bring, et cetera, what do you think is the core competitive advantage that can allow you to penetrate that market successfully?
Lisa Su: Yes. There's a couple of aspects, Ross. And -- yes, since we haven't yet announced MI300, all of the specifications will -- some of those will come over the coming quarters. MI300 is the first solution that has both the CPU and GPU together, and that has been very positive for the supercomputing market. . I think as it relates to generative AI, and we think we have a very strong value proposition from both a hardware and again, it's a performance per dollar conversation, I think there's a lot of demand in the market. And there's also -- I think given our deep customer relationships on the EPYC side, there's actually a lot of synergy between the customer set between the EPYC CPUs and the MI sort of 300 GPU customers.  So I think when we look at all these together, our view is that demand is strong for AI. And I think our position is also very strong given there are very, very few products that can really satisfy these large language model sort of needs. And I think we feel confident that we can do that.
Operator: Next question is coming from Tim Arcuri from UBS
Timothy Arcuri: Lisa, there was a lot more talk on this call about AI. And obviously, PyTorch 2.0 now supporting ROCm is a great step forward. But how much would you say software is going to dictate how successful you can be for these workloads? You had mentioned that you're forming this new group, this new AI group. Do you have the internal software capabilities to be successful in AI?
Lisa Su: Tim, I think the answer is yes. I think we have made significant progress even over the last year in terms of our software capabilities. And the way you should think about our AI portfolio is it's really a broad AI portfolio across client sort of edge as well as cloud. And with that, I think the Xilinx team brings a lot of background and capability, especially in inference. We've added significant talent in our AI software as well.  And the beauty of particularly the cloud opportunity is it's not that many customers, and it's not that many workloads. So when you have sort of very clear customer targets, we're working very, very closely with our customers on optimizing for a handful of workloads that generate significant volume. That gives us a very clear target for what winning is in the market. So we feel good about our opportunities in AI. And I'd like to say that it's a multiyear journey. So this is the beginning what we think is a very significant market opportunity for us over the next 3 to 5 years.
Timothy Arcuri: And I guess as my follow-up. So can I -- can you just give us a sense of sort of the overall profile that you see for revenue into the back half? I know you said that Data Center and Embedded will be up this year. It sounds like Data Center probably up double digits. But I also wanted to confirm that you think that total revenues also will be up this year year-over-year.
Lisa Su: Right, Tim. So I think as we said, we're not guiding the full year just given all the puts and takes. So we see Q2 is flattish second half return to growth. We'll have to see exactly how the macro plays out across PCs and enterprise. But yes, we feel good about growth in Embedded, growth in Data Center -- on the data center side, double-digit growth sort of half year-over-year. And then we'll see how the rest of the segments play out. .
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava: Actually, I wanted to come back to the first quarter for Data Center. That's a pretty big gap between -- on a Q-over-Q basis on your business versus Intel. And I think almost 2x. This is the first time you would have lost share on a Q-over-Q basis in a long time. So could you please address that? And I acknowledge that quarters can be pretty volatile, but it seems to be a pretty large gap.  And then for my follow-up, just remind us again, please, for the full year growth for Data Center, kind of what's embedded in the assumptions for cloud as well as enterprise?
Lisa Su: Yes. Let me make sure I get your question, Ambrish. So you're asking about Q1 Data Center and whether we think we've lost share on a sequential basis?
Ambrish Srivastava: Right. If I look at just your report versus what Intel reported on a Q-over-Q basis, it clearly on a year-over-year basis, you have gained share. But I'm just comparing down $14 million versus what you reported, and so that would imply that you had a share loss versus them unless the Data Center GPU and the Xilinx business was down significantly also on a Q-over-Q basis.
Jean Hu: Yes. Ambrish, maybe I'll give you a little bit of color is definitely in Q1, the other networking business, including GPU, have been down that definitely is the case. But from a share perspective, when we look at overall Q1 reported revenue from both sides and analyze the data, we don't believe we lost the share.
Lisa Su: Yes, that's right, Ambrish. So I think you just have to go through each of the pieces. But I think from an EPYC or a server standpoint, we don't believe we lost share. If anything, we might have gained a little bit. But I think overall, I wouldn't look at it so closely on a quarter-by-quarter basis because there are puts and takes. From what we see overall, we believe that we have a good overall share progression as we go through the year.
Ambrish Srivastava: And then the underlying assumptions for full year for Data Center?
Lisa Su: Underlying assumptions for the full year. I think the key pieces that I talked about are Q2, let's call it, modest growth. We still expect some cloud optimization to be happening. As we go into the second half of the year, we'll see a stronger ramp of Genoa and the beginnings of the ramp of Bergamo, we think enterprise is still more dependent on macro, but we do believe that, that improves as we go into the second half of the year. And then we'll have the beginnings of our MI300 ramped in the fourth quarter for both supercomputing and some early AI workloads.
Operator: Next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: For my first one, Lisa, can you just like clarify this explicitly for me. So you said double-digit Data Center. Was that a full year statement? Or was that a second half year-over-year statement? Or was that a half-over-half statement for Data Center?
Lisa Su: Yes. Let me be clear. That was a year-over-year statement. So double-digit Data Center growth for the full year of 2023 versus 2022.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Which just given what you did in Q1 and sort of are implying for Q2 needs something like 50% year-over-year growth in the second half to get there. So you're endorsing those -- you're endorsing that now?
Lisa Su: I am...
Jean Hu: Yes, your math is right.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. For my second question, Jean, you made a comment on gross margins where you said the increase of gross margins in the second half was dependent on gross margin in Client getting better. I just want to make sure, did I hear that right? And why should I expect Client margins would get better, especially given what Intel has been doing in that space to protect everything? Like why is that something that's going to happen?
Jean Hu: Yes, Stacy, that's a good question. The way to think about it is if you look at our Q1 gross margins and the Q2 guide around 50%. And as you know, both our Data Center and Embedded have a very strong gross margin performance. And so what the headwinds that impact our gross margin is really PC client on the side, which, as we talked about, is we are shipping significantly under the consumption and also to digest inventory in the downstream supply chain.  As you know, typically, that's the time you get a significant pressure on the ASP side and on the funding side, that's why our gross margin in the Client segment has been challenged. In second half, we know it's going to be normalized. That's very important fact is when you normalize the demand and the supply, and we continue to plan a very competitive environment, so don't get us wrong on that front. But it will be better because you are not digesting the inventory, the channel funding, everything, those kind of price reduction will be much less. So we do think the second half will fly outside, the gross margin will be better than first half.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. And I apologize, I misspoke as well. 50% half-over-half in Data Center, not year-over-year. So we're all doing it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: I had two. Maybe just to start with following on Stacy's prior question. Could you just comment on what client ASPs did in the March quarter? I mean I assume they're down a decent amount. Your competitor was down, but any color you could provide on what the environment was in March?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Blayne. So the ASPs were down quite a bit on a year-over-year basis, if you're talking about the overall Client business. And what that is, is that's also the Client ASPs were higher in the first half of '22, if you just think about what the supply environment was or the demand environment was in that. And given that we're undershipping in the first quarter, the ASPs are lower.
Blayne Curtis: Got it. And then I just wanted to ask you on the Data Center business, the operating profit is down a ton sequentially. And you talked about enterprise being down, I think that's part of it. But it's a big drop, and it looks like gross margin probably is down a bunch too. Can you just comment on why that drop in profitability in Data Center?
Jean Hu: Yes, Blayne, that's a good question. I think when you look at the year-over-year, you're absolutely right. Revenue is largely flattish, but operating margin dropped significantly. There are 2 major drivers. The first is we have increased the investment significantly, especially in networking and AI. As you may recall, we closed the Pensando last May or June. So this is the full quarter for Pensando expenses versus last year. Plus we also increased GPU investment under AI investment. That's all under the Data Center bucket.  Secondly, I mentioned about product mix. Lisa said year-over-year cloud sales grew double digits significantly and enterprise actually declined. So in Q1, our revenue in data center is heavily indexed to the cloud market. versus last year in Q1. Typically, cloud gross margin is lower than enterprise. We do expect, even in Q2, it will be balanced -- more balanced and going forward, we do think the enterprise side will come back.
Blayne Curtis: But I guess the big decline was sequential. So I'm assuming cloud was down sequentially?
Jean Hu: Yes. Sequential, it's revenue. If you look at the revenue, it was down very significantly, right? And the mix also is a little bit more indexed to cloud sequentially too.
Lisa Su: Yes. It's the same factors.
Jean Hu: Yes.
Lisa Su: So both the mix to cloud as well as the R&D expense has increased just given the large opportunities that we have across the data center and especially AI.
Operator: Your final question today is joined from Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: Lisa, I had a question. I wanted to ask you about your views on the inferencing market for generative AI 3+. Specifically, I wanted to ask because I think there's some cross currents going on. We're hearing that CPUs are the best way to do inferencing, but then we're hearing the timeliness of CPUs is not there as a function to be able to enable these kind of instances. So I was curious what you guys think. And then I had a follow-up.
Lisa Su: Well, I think, Harsh, if you were saying -- I mean, I think today, inference is used a lot. CPUs are used a lot for inference. Now where the demand is highest right now is for generative AI and large language model inferencing, you need GPUs to have the horsepower to train sort of the most sophisticated model. So I think those are the 2, as you say, crosscurrents. I think inference becomes a much more important workload just given the adoption rate of AI across the board. And I think we'll see that for smaller tasks on CPUs, but for the larger tasks on GPUs.
Harsh Kumar: Okay. So it still defers back to GPUs for those. And then a similar question on the MI300 series. I know that you talked a lot about success in the HPC side. But specifically, I was curious if you could talk about any wins or any kind of successes or success stories you might have on the generative AI side with MI300 or 250 series?
Lisa Su: Yes. So as we said earlier, we've done some really good work on MI250 with AI and large language models. The example that is public is what we've done with LUMI and the training of some of the Finnish models. We're doing quite a bit of work with large customers on MI300. And what we're seeing is very positive results. So we think MI300 is very competitive for generative AI. We'll be talking more about sort of that customer and revenue evolution as we go over the next couple of quarters.
Ruth Cotter: Great. Operator, that concludes today's call. Thank you to everyone for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the AMD Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ruth Cotter. Please go ahead, Ruth.
Ruth Cotter: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2022 financial results conference call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and accompanying slideware. If you've not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and slides posted on our website. Participants in today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; Jean Hu, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Devinder Kumar, our Executive Vice President. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Mark Papermaster, Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President, Technology and Engineering, will attend the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on Monday, March 6. And our first quarter 2023 quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, March 17. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could actually cause results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Now with that, I'll hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Ruth, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. Before discussing our financial results, I wanted to make a few comments about our CFO transition. I'd like to start by thanking Devinder for all of his contributions to AMD over the last 39 years. During his tenure as CFO, we built a strong financial foundation that has enabled AMD's significant growth and success. On a personal note, his partnership and expertise have been invaluable to me. I know I speak for all of AMD when I say we appreciate all he has done for the company and wish him the best in his upcoming retirement. I also want to welcome our new EVP and CFO, Jean Hu, to our first AMD earnings call since joining us earlier this month. Jean's more than 14 years of public company CFO experience and proven track record of financial leadership make her an excellent addition to our team. I look forward to working closely with her as we continue to transform and scale our business. Now turning to the business results. 2022 was a strong year for AMD as we navigated the challenging macro environment to deliver best-in-class growth and record profitability driven by our Embedded and Data Center segments. We also transformed the company. We accelerated our Data Center business and closed our strategic acquisitions of Xilinx and Pensando, significantly diversifying our business and strengthening our financial model as our Data Center, Embedded product sales grew from $3.9 billion in 2021 to $10.6 billion in 2022. Looking at our financial results. Fourth quarter revenue increased 16% year-over-year to $5.6 billion, driven by significant growth in our Embedded and Data Center segments which accounted for more than 50% of overall revenue in the quarter. On a full year basis, we grew annual revenue 44% to $23.6 billion. We set annual records for revenue, gross margin and profitability driven largely by a 64% increase in our Data Center segment revenue and the strong performance of our Embedded segment following our Xilinx acquisition. Turning to the fourth quarter business results, starting with our Data Center segment. Revenue increased 42% year-over-year to $1.7 billion, led by increased adoption of our EPYC processors by cloud providers. In cloud, sales to North American hyperscalers more than doubled year-over-year as hyperscale customers continued moving more of their internal workloads and external instances to EPYC processors. EPYC processors now power more than 600 publicly available instances globally following the launches of new AMD-based instances from AWS, Microsoft and others in the quarter. In Enterprise, revenue declined year-over-year as demand slowed based on the macro environment. Against this backdrop, we continue expanding our pipeline and closed a number of new wins in the fourth quarter with Fortune 500 financial services, automotive, technology, energy and aerospace companies. In HPC, growing EPYC processor adoption was highlighted by the number of AMD-powered supercomputers on the latest Top 500 list increasing by 38% year-over-year. AMD now powers more than 100 of the world's fastest supercomputers and 15 of the top 20 most energy-efficient supercomputers in the world. To build our Data Center leadership, we launched our fourth gen EPYC processors this past November that deliver up to 2x faster performance in cloud, enterprise and HPC applications, and are up to 80% more energy efficient than the competition's most recently announced offerings. We are seeing very strong customer pull for fourth-gen EPYC CPUs, which complement our third-gen offerings with additional performance and capabilities. Initial cloud deployments are going very well, and we expect to ramp both internal workloads and public instances throughout 2023. For Enterprise, there are more than 140 fourth-gen EPYC platforms in development from HPE, Dell, Lenovo, Super Micro and others, an increase of 40% compared to the prior generation. Now looking at our broader Data Center portfolio. We had record sales of our Xilinx Data Center and networking products in the quarter, led by strong demand from financial services companies for our newly launched Alveo X3 series boards, optimized for low latency trading. Sales of our Pensando DPUs also ramped significantly from the prior quarter, driven by supply chain improvements and continued demand. We are very pleased with the customer reception of the Pensando technology with good long-term growth opportunities as DPUs become a standard component in the next generation of cloud and enterprise data centers. Data center GPU sales were down significantly from a year ago when we had shipments supporting the build-out of multiple Instinct MI250 accelerator supercomputer wins. In January, we previewed our next-generation MI300 accelerator that will be used for large model AI applications in cloud data centers and has been selected to power the 2-plus exaflop El Capitan exascale supercomputer at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratories. MI300 will be the industry's first data center chip that combines a CPU, GPU and memory into a single integrated design, delivering 8x more performance and 5x better efficiency for HPC and AI workloads, compared to our MI250 accelerator currently powering the world's fastest supercomputer. MI300 is on track to begin sampling to lead customers later this quarter and launch in the second half of 2023. Turning to our Client segment. Revenue declined 51% year-over-year to $903 million. We continue to ship below PC consumption in the fourth quarter as we focused on further reducing downstream inventory. While overall PC demand remains soft, desktop channel sell-through increased sequentially during the holiday season. We launched our latest generation Ryzen 7000 series notebook processors earlier in January, including our Ryzen 7040 CPU series that deliver leadership performance in battery life and are our first processors to feature Ryzen AI, the industry's only dedicated on-chip AI inference engine in an x86 processor. Ryzen AI is powered by the highly scalable XDNA architecture, which is the first integration of AMD and Xilinx IP, less than a year after closing the acquisition. We also launched our Ryzen 7045 series CPUs, our first mobile processor based on a triplet design that delivers significantly higher performance than the competition in gaming and content creation applications. We have more than 250 ultrathin gaming and commercial notebook design wins, spanning our full family of Ryzen 7000 series processors on track to launch this year, an increase of 25% year-over-year with the first notebooks planned to go on sale in February. Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue declined 7% year-over-year to $1.6 billion as lower gaming graphics sales more than offset higher semi-custom revenue. Semi-Custom SoC revenue grew year-over-year as demand for game consoles remained strong during the holidays. Gaming graphics revenue declined year-over-year as we further reduced desktop GPU downstream channel inventory. Channel sell-through of our Radeon RX GPUs increased sequentially, and we launched our high-end Radeon 7900 series GPUs to strong demand based on the performance of our new RDNA 3 architecture and 5-nanometer chiplet design. In January, we announced our first RDNA 3 mobile GPUs that have been selected to power new gaming notebooks from Dell Alienware, ASUS and others that are on track to begin shipping in the first half of 2023. Looking at our Embedded segment. Revenue increased significantly year-over-year to a record $1.4 billion. We had record sales across a number of our Embedded markets, including communications, automotive, industrial and healthcare, aerospace and defense, and test and emulation. In communications, we saw particular strength with expanded 5G wireless installations in India and ongoing wired infrastructure deployments with Tier 1 communications providers. Automotive growth was driven by the ramps of new [Ford] (ph) camera, 4D radar and infotainment wins across multiple customers. We recently announced multiple new wins for our automotive grade Zynq UltraScale + platforms with some of the largest vehicle equipment suppliers including Aisin’s next-generation automated parking assist system and DENSO's next-generation LiDAR platform that can improve the resolution required for autonomous driving and other industrial machine vision applications by 20x. We also continued to see strong growth with industrial and health care, aerospace and defense and tested and emulation customers in the quarter, driven by SAM expansion for our leadership-adaptive SoCs, new design win ramps and increased supply across multiple nodes. Taking a step back, as we approach the one year anniversary of the closing of our Xilinx acquisition next month, the integration has gone extremely well, and our Embedded business has become a major growth driver for AMD, strengthening our financial model and significantly diversifying our business. In addition, we are seeing substantial new revenue synergy opportunities as we combine Xilinx's industry-leading adaptive products and 6,000-plus customers with AMD's expanded breadth of compute products and scale. In summary, overall, 2022 was a strong year for AMD despite the weak PC market. We significantly grew our Data Center, Embedded and Gaming businesses and executed well across our product portfolio. As we enter 2023, we expect the overall demand environment to remain mixed with the second half stronger than the first half. In the PC market, we are planning for the PC TAM to be down approximately 10% for 2023. We expect to continue to ship below consumption in the first quarter to reduce downstream inventory, which is reflected in our guidance. In our Embedded and Data Center segments, we believe we are well positioned to grow revenue and gain share in 2023 based on the strength of our competitive positioning and leadership high-performance and adaptive product portfolio. We do see elevated levels of inventory with some cloud customers, which will lead to a softer first half and a stronger second half of the year. We continue working very closely with our customers to navigate the dynamic market conditions while also making the right strategic investments to exit the current cycle with an even stronger and more differentiated set of products to drive future growth. Over the next several years, one of our largest growth opportunities is in AI, which is in the early stages of transforming virtually every industry service and product. We expect AI adoption will accelerate significantly over the coming years and are incredibly excited about leveraging our broad portfolio of CPUs, GPUs and adaptive accelerators in combination with our software expertise to deliver differentiated solutions that can address the full spectrum of AI needs in training and inference across cloud, edge and client. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jean to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year financial results. Jean?
Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. 2022 was a very strong year for AMD. We had a record revenue, gross margin, profitability, and we generated significant free cash flow. The year was also highlighted by our strategic acquisitions of Xilinx and Pensando, expanding and diversifying our business portfolio. Fourth quarter 2022 revenue for $5.6 billion was up 16% from a year ago, driven by higher revenue in the Embedded and Data Center segment, partially offset by lower Client and the Gaming segment revenue. Gross margin was 51%, up 70 basis points from a year ago, primarily driven by richer product mix with higher revenue in Embedded and Data Center segment, partially offset by lower Client segment revenue. Operating expenses were $1.6 billion compared to $1.1 billion a year ago, driven by the inclusion of Xilinx OpEx and additional R&D and go-to-market investments to support the next phase of our revenue growth. Operating income declined $66 million from a year ago to $1.3 billion, and the operating margin was 23%, down from 27% a year ago. Net income was $1.1 billion flat year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share was $0.69 compared to $0.92 per share a year ago, primarily due to lower client operating income. Now turning to our reportable segment for the fourth quarter. Starting with the Data Center segment. Revenue was $1.7 billion, up 42% year-over-year, primarily driven by strong growth in third-generation EPYC server processor revenue and the early ramp of fourth-generation EPYC processors. Data center operating income was $444 million or 27% of revenue compared to $360 million or 32% a year ago. Higher operating income was driven primarily by stronger revenue, partially offset by higher R&D investment to support the top line revenue growth. Client segment revenue was $903 million, down 51% year-over-year due to reduced processor shipments resulting from a weak PC market and significant inventory correction across the PC supply chain. Client operating loss was $152 million compared to operating income of $530 million a year ago or 29% of revenue, primarily due to lower revenue. Gaming segment revenue was $1.6 billion, down 7% year-over-year due to lower gaming graphics revenue, partially offset by higher semi-customer product sales. Gaming operating income was $266 million or 16% of revenue compared to $407 million or 23% a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to lower graphics revenue. Embedded segment revenue was $1.4 billion, up $1.3 billion from a year ago, primarily due to the inclusion of Xilinx Embedded revenue. Embedded operating income was $699 million or 50% of revenue compared to $18 million or 25% a year ago, primarily driven by the inclusion of Xilinx. Turning to the balance sheet. We have a strong balance sheet with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment of $5.9 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we returned $250 million to shareholders through share repurchases. In 2022, we returned a total of $3.7 billion to shareholders which was 119% of free cash flow. We have $6.5 billion in remaining authorization to share repurchases. Free cash flow was $443 million compared to $736 million in the same quarter last year. Free cash flow decreased primarily due to higher inventory. Inventory was $3.8 billion, up approximately $402 million from the prior quarter, primarily driven by the inventory increase in advanced process nodes to support the ramp of new products. Now let me turn to our full year financial results. 2022 revenue was $23.6 billion, up 44% year-over-year, driven by increased Embedded, Data Center and the Gaming segment revenue, partially offset by lower Client segment revenue. On our combined AMD and Xilinx company basis, 2022 pro forma revenue was $24.1 billion, up 20% compared to $20.1 billion in 2021. Gross margin was 52%, up 370 basis points from the prior year, primarily driven by richer product mix with higher revenue from Embedded and Data Center segment, partially offset by lower Client segment revenue. Operating expenses were 26% of revenue compared to 24% in 2021. 2022 operating income was $6.3 billion, up $2.3 billion, an increase of 56% from a year ago resulting in operating margin of 27% compared to 25% in 2021, primarily driven by higher revenue and gross margin expansion. Net income was $5.5 billion compared to $3.4 billion, up 60% from the prior year. Earnings per share was $3.50 compared to $2.79 for the prior year, primarily due to Data Center growth and addition of Xilinx. Full year free cash flow was $3.1 billion, resulting free cash flow margin of 13% for the year. We invested approximately $1 billion in long-term supply chain capacity in 2022 to support our expectations for future revenue growth and increase market share. Let me now turn to our financial outlook. Today's outlook is based on current expectations and contemplates the current macro environment. For the first quarter of 2023, we expect revenue to be approximately $5.3 billion, plus or minus $300 million, a decrease of approximately 10% year-over-year and 5% sequentially. Year-over-year Data Center and Embedded segment revenue are expected to grow, offset by lower Client and Gaming segment revenue. Sequentially, Embedded segment revenue is expected to increase. Client and Gaming segment revenue are expected to decline largely consistent with seasonality. Data Center segment revenue is expected to decline due to elevated levels of inventory with some cloud customers. In addition, for Q1 2023, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 50%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.6 billion; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be approximately $146 million based on a 13% effective tax rate. Diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.62 billion shares. For the full year of 2023, we are not providing specific guidance due to the uncertainty in the macro environment. However, let me provide some color. Directionally, we expect Embedded and Data Center annual revenue to grow from 2022 based on the strength of our product portfolio and expected share gains. In addition, we expect Client and the Gaming segment revenue to decline based on the current demand environment. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately flattish in the first half and the expansion in the second half of the year. We expect to manage quarterly non-GAAP operating expenses flat with the fourth quarter until we see the demand environment improves. For modeling purpose, we expect non-GAAP effective tax rate for the year to be 13% and the diluted share count to be approximately 1.62 billion shares. In closing, we had a strong year with record revenue and profitability, driven by our leadership in product portfolio and the diversification of our business. Looking forward to 2023, as Lisa mentioned earlier, we'll continue to focus on executing our long-term growth strategy while driving financial discipline and operational excellence. We believe our leadership of products, growing customer momentum and strong financial foundation position us well for long-term profitable growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Ruth for a Q&A session.
Ruth Cotter: Thank you, Jean. And operator, if you could poll the audience for questions now, please.
Operator: Certainly [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Matt Ramsay: Yes, thank you very much. Good afternoon. First of all, congratulations, Jean and congrats as well to Devinder I mean the last five years of the company have been remarkable. But I remember all the work you and your finance team did six or seven years ago to keep the foundation stable for what's happened since. So enjoy the retirement? My first question, Lisa, is just about the drivers of 2023? You guys talked in the prepared script about all the different crosscurrents that are kind of going on right now versus the strength of your portfolio versus some inventory digestion in the Data Center space and obviously what's going on in the PC market. But I've gotten about a zillion versions of the same question tonight, which was do you think the company can grow for the year 2023 overall? And if you could just kind of walk us through the drivers of the business as we work through the year? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question. So there are lots of puts and takes in 2023, and we want to give you kind of some of the drivers. Our largest growth driver is certainly the Data Center. We are very positioned well with our product portfolio. We just launched our Genoa fourth gen EPYC. We also have Bergamo coming this year as well. When we talk to our cloud customers, what they're telling us is they appreciate the execution of our road map. And we have an opportunity to move more workloads to AMD as we go through the year. So we feel very good about our product positioning. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, coming off of a very strong 2022, there is some inventory at some of the cloud customers. And so, we are expecting a softer first half and then a stronger second half, but we feel very good about our market share position and opportunity to grow with Data Center. Also on the embedded side, I would say we have a very strong portfolio there. The Xilinx business has done very well in 2022. It's a diversified set of markets. We see strength in a number of the end markets. And so, we think that's also a grower for AMD. On the other side, our Client and Gaming businesses, we believe, will decline. We have made good progress. When we look at the PC markets in the second half of the year of 2022, we were really trying to rebalance inventory. And I think we made progress exiting Q4. We're still expecting to ship below consumption in the first quarter and then sort of go from there. Our product portfolio is strong. We think there's an opportunity for growth as we go into the second half of the year. But we think overall for the year, Client will decline just given the TAM. And then on the Gaming segment, again, we're coming off of a very strong 2022. And so console demand has been actually quite strong. And given where we are in the cycle, we would expect gaming to be down on a year-over-year basis. But overall, I think lots of puts and takes, but we're positive on what we can do in terms of the Data Center and the embedded segments, given our product portfolio. And we'll watch the macro on the Client and Gaming and see how that plays out.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much Lisa for all the details there. I guess as my follow-up, I wanted to ask a question about gross margin. The margin, I guess, sequentially down a little bit into March. But I kind of wanted to focus on the drivers of the longer-term margin that's down, I guess, three or four points from where you were a few quarters ago despite more mix of the revenue coming from Embedded and Data Center? So if there's any way that you guys could try to quantify maybe how much of the margin headwind is from just lower client revenue? How much of it might be from any programs that you're working through to clear the channel? And how might we model? What are the drivers that we should think about in terms of the margin recovering? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes, maybe - so on the overall margin, the way to think about our business, Matt, is - and our margin is primarily driven by product mix. So as the Embedded and Data Center businesses are - grow, so the margin expansion grows with it. In terms of the sequential question that you had from Q4 to Q1, that's just a product of the mix. So with Data Center being lower sequentially that - that's that. We are also working through our client inventory clearing. What we're seeing in the PC business is, as we're going through this sort of normalization of inventory, especially on some of the older products, we do have more marketing programs and pricing incentives in place. We do expect that to normalize as we go through the first half of the year. And so as Jean said in the prepared remarks, we would expect margin expansion as we go into the second half with the growth in Data Center, Embedded and some normalization of the client business as well.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Your line is now live.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and thanks and best wishes to Devinder and Jean from my side as well. On the first one, Lisa, I think you mentioned some elevated inventory among your cloud customers. I was hoping you could give us some quantification of how elevated? Is it a one quarter issue? Is it a 2-quarter issue? Does it impact the pace of your Genoa ramp because I think coming into this year, the expectations were you could grow server sales by over 20%? Do you think that is still a possibility because I imagine you get some benefit from better Genoa pricing? So just puts and takes of how we should think about your Data Center business through this year?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Vivek. So look, we remain very bullish about our Data Center business. I mean I think the feedback that we've gotten on Genoa from our customer set is very strong. And as I said, the important thing is we are expanding workloads. In terms of where we believe the - as the inventory normalizes, each customer is different, so they have what they're trying to achieve in terms of inventory levels. Our expectation is that sort of the first half softness for cloud and then second half strength as that's worked through. But like I said, it's different for each customer. And then in terms of overall growth, as I said, we're very bullish on the overall growth of our Data Center business and the opportunity to gain share as we go through the year. And as we go through the ramp in Genoa, we do have more content with the higher core count that should also help ASPs.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then on the PC side and also kind of as it relates to the pricing environment, you mentioned the PC TAM is - could be down about 10%. But when we look at the shipments, right, from you and your competitor, they could be down as much as 40% or 50%, right, year-on-year in Q1. So do you think there's a possibility that the TAM assumption of just down 10% could be an optimistic one? Because I would imagine that would suggest the inventory clears out soon, but you're suggesting that it may not clear out until Q2. So I was just hoping you could give us some better sense for when the PC market starts recovering? And do you think it could become more price competitive before it recovers?
Lisa Su: Yes. So maybe just to make sure that we're just correlating the numbers. So my comment about PC TAM being down 10% was assuming, if you take a look at sort of what IDC just published for - in 2022 at about 290 million units, and that's more of a sell-through TAM versus a sell-in TAM. So we have been under shipping sort of the sell-through or consumption for the last two quarters in an attempt to renormalize that as soon as possible. In terms of do I think its conserve - I think it's in the ZIP code. I think it's in the ZIP code. So if you imagine 2023 sell-through TAM of about 260 million units, plus or minus, seems to be about the right number. We have made good progress in inventory normalization. We want to be cautious, obviously, heading into the year just given the macro environment. First quarter, we said would be roughly seasonal for PCs. I think second quarter - first quarter should be the bottom for us in PCs. We - and then grow from there into the second quarter and then into the second half. And I should note also, Vivek, I mean, we just launched our Ryzen 7000 Series with sort of our AI capabilities, both from a notebook and desktop standpoint. So, we feel good about the product road map in PCs. Obviously, we have to get through this normalization. Most of the focus is on continuing to differentiate our products and working with our customers to offer sort of very strong platforms.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is now live.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I noted that you said that gross margins would expand in the second half, but you didn't give us any color on how much they might expand. Can you give us any idea like first half to second half? Or I mean just for the full year, do you think gross margins grow year-over-year from the 52% that you printed in 2022?
Jean Hu: Stacy, this is Jean. Let me take this question, then Lisa can add. As we talk about it, it's both our Embedded and Data Center segment have strong gross margins. So we feel pretty good about second half. We continue to have the growth of both Embedded and Data Center segment. The major headwind we are facing is really Client side, which if you think about the gross margin in the first half of 2022 versus the first half of 2023, the major impact is from the client revenue, inventory correction, which impact the gross margin in the Client segment. So going into second half, the normalization of the Client segment will help us to expand the gross margin. I think it really depends on how the Client segment will recover. That will drive the gross margin if it's going to go back to the first half of 2022 or expand beyond that level. But overall, we feel pretty good. Once we normalize the Client segment, our gross margin will continue to expand.
Stacy Rasgon: So I guess, I ask the question again. For 2023, do you think gross margins can expand over 2022?
Lisa Su: Maybe what I would say, Stacy, is I think we've given you the puts and takes for where the margin goes. I think it depends a bit on what happens in the macro environment. But we do feel good about second half expansion, and we'll see sort of the relative recovery in macro as it relates to all of our segments.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. I guess for my follow-up, maybe it follows up on that a little bit more just around the mix. I get how Data Center and Embedded should be growing in the second half versus the first half. But presumably, Client will, too, first half to second half, given that you are under shipping, it sounds like by a pretty wide margin right now. How do you feel about your mix just across the four businesses of the second half versus the first half? Do you think your Data Center plus Embedded mix, as a percentage of total revenue in the second half, is materially higher than it is in the first half? Or I mean could it even be not that different at all given the potential growth that you might see just from the channel normalization in clients?
Lisa Su: Yes. I think the way to think about it is, I think our Data Center grow - growth in the second half versus first half, we expect that to be significantly stronger. As it relates to clients, we would also expect it to be stronger. Again, depending a bit on macro and sort of how the TAM actually evolves. I think for the Embedded businesses, I would say that we expect to grow over the full year 2023 versus 2022. What we see right now is a fairly strong backlog and good visibility into the first half of the year. I'm not ready to say that Embedded will grow in the second half versus the first half, though, because we're coming off very strong growth already. And so I think those are the puts and takes.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Toshiya Hari: Good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question. Lisa, the pushback that we often get is AMD is doing really well, gaining share, but you're gaining share in relatively mature markets. And when it comes to AI, you do have a strategy, but you really haven't shown the product set, if you will. You talked about how you have CPU, GPU, FPGA and Pensando, and you're shipping samples of MI300, I guess, later this quarter and potentially launching in the second half. At what point do we, as analysts and investors, start to see your AI strategy materialize in the P&L and your profitability, if you will.
Lisa Su: Yes. Thanks for the question. We believe that AI is a huge driver of compute growth. And given our portfolio, it should be a driver of our growth as well. I think if you think about the product sets that we are putting sort of AI content in, you should expect MI300, of course, on the GPU training side. We just launched Ryzen AI in our PC portfolio. You can expect additional AI acceleration coming in our server portfolio as well. So you're going to see AI broadly across our road maps. In terms of when - we've talked before about sort of our Data Center GPU ambitions and the opportunity there. We see it as a large opportunity. As we go into the second half of the year and launch MI300, sort of the first user of MI300 will be the supercomputers or El Capitan, but we're working closely with some large cloud vendors as well to qualify MI300 in AI workloads. And we should expect that to be more of a meaningful contributor in 2024. So lots of focus on just a huge opportunity, lots of investments in software as well to bring the ecosystem with us.
Toshiya Hari: That's very helpful. And then, Lisa, as my follow-up, I had a question on profitability in your client business or your PC business. I think a year ago, margins were really high. Supply was relatively tight. Since then, with the inventory correction and perhaps a little bit more competition, your profit margins are down. You talked about the first half of this year still being sort of in digestion mode, and then in the second half, things normalizing. But would it be realistic to assume your gross margins in the Client business return to first half '22 levels? Or in hindsight, margins back then were perhaps - you were over-earning in that business given the environment?
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure. So I think on the Client segment, it's fair to say that we believe, given where we are with the client inventory levels, the first half will certainly be lower. We expect some improvement in the second half. But in terms of overall margin, we expect that the client business will be below the corporate average, and that's how we're modeling the client business.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live. Aaron, perhaps your phone is on mute. Please pick up your handset.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks you for taking the questions. I guess the first question is going back to the Data Center piece of the business and specifically around the ramp of Genoa. I'm curious, is there any help that you can provide us with thinking about the ASP uplift you expect to see with the Genoa product cycle? And I guess at some point through 2023, how do we start to think about the Bergamo product cycle as well impacting the server CPU business?
Lisa Su: Sure. So Aaron, we started shipping Genoa in the third quarter that ramped into the fourth quarter and will continue to ramp through 2024. The way I think about - or the way you should think about the Genoa ramp is that it is a new platform for our customers. So they'll be introducing it - introducing first-in-cloud sort of internal workloads and then going to external workloads and then enterprise. So I think it will be throughout 2024. We have - I'm sorry, throughout 2023. We do have higher core counts on Genoa. So you would expect that, that will give us some ASP uplift as we go through to some of those higher core count products. Bergamo will launch in the first half of the year. We are on track for the Bergamo launch, and you'll see that become a larger contributor in the second half. So as we think about the Zen 4 ramp and the crossover to our Zen 3 ramp, it should be towards the end of the year, sort of in the fourth quarter, that you would see a crossover of sort of Zen 4 versus Zen 3, if that helps you.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, that's very helpful. And then as a quick follow-up, the business doesn't really ask that much about, but it's been doing phenomenally well here these last couple of quarters. It's actually the Xilinx business. I know it's within the Embedded largely. But your self-reporting, I think if I read the filings correctly, growing 40% plus on a like-for-like basis for Xilinx. I think your competitor also growing a solid pace. How do you think about the sustainability or durability of that demand in that Embedded or Xilinx business as we move through '23?
Lisa Su: Sure. So Aaron, that business has done very well. So the Xilinx business, I think our overall Embedded business continues to do well. When we look across the subsegments, there are puts and takes in the subsegments. But what we see is content is going up. So we had records in communications, industrial and health care, aerospace and defense, automotive. We have the Embedded processor content that's also going into automotive. So we feel very good about that business. I think as we look into 2023, I mentioned this in the question with Stacy. We have a very good visibility to the first half just given the lead times and the backlog. And the first half looks strong, so we expect to grow sequentially in the first quarter. As we go into the second half of the year, we're monitoring the overall demand environment. And just given how strong it's been, we are looking at whether there'll be some puts and takes in some of the end market segments there. But overall, I think the key point is the content, and our design win momentum is good, and we continue to ramp new design wins in the Xilinx business.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could talk to us about the puts and takes of PC market share in a down 10% environment. I would assume it helps you with consumers better than commercial, but what is your progress in terms of penetrating the notebook market and penetrating the commercial market where you could continue to gain share?
Lisa Su: Yes. Joe, we view that the opportunity - so first of all, I would say that in general, the PC market share numbers are probably a bit noisy right now, just given all of the sell-in, sell-through and the inventory dynamics that are being worked through. Actually, in the fourth quarter, we believe we gained a little bit of share in the PC market. As we go forward into 2023, we think our product portfolio is very strong. As we look at Ryzen 7000 and where it goes and where we are positioned in the commercial as well as the high-end consumer segments, we're not changing our strategy on PCs. Quite - a few years ago, we really focused on sort of the more premium segments. We have less penetration in the low end, which I think is helpful. And as we go forward, we're continuing to focus on commercial PCs and getting a larger footprint in there. I will say the enterprise work that we're doing on the server side, I think, links very well to the commercial PC work, and we're continuing to invest in sort of the sales and marketing resources to ramp that side of the business.
Joe Moore: Great. And then going back to the Genoa question that was asked a second ago, as you are in this kind of budget conscious environment, you're introducing a chip in a system that has pretty high platform cost. Does that slow the adoption at all? It seems like people - and your competitors dealing with some of the same issues. Just how does the current environment affect the rate at which Genoa will ramp?
Lisa Su: Yes. I would say, Joe, the total cost of ownership benefit of Genoa, particularly in some of the larger cloud workloads, is very, very significant. So I wouldn't say that, that's necessarily slowing the pace of adoption. It is a new platform though. So if you think about when we went from Rome to Milan, it was basically similar platforms. So I would say that, that ramp was a bit faster. But as it relates to Genoa, we had always expected that Milan and Genoa would coexist through 2023. And that we would have - we still have Milan instances that are just ramping now, and we expect that will continue through 2023. And so I really view this as the natural thing when we introduce Genoa at sort of the higher core count, that both will coexist. And as some of the platform costs come down, you'll see the Genoa cutover, and that's what I mentioned towards the fourth quarter of 2023.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for letting me ask a question. And Jean, congrats on the new job. Lisa, I was hoping you could give a little bit of sequential color to just size the magnitude of the three segments that are going down in the first quarter and then Embedded going up. And really what I'm getting at there is, in an answer to a prior question, you talked about the mix being a headwind to gross margin. And I think, Jean, you cited Data Center dropping as a percent of the mix. So just trying to get the magnitude of just how much Data Center has to drop to make that outcome on the mix side be true.
Lisa Su: Sure, Ross. So let's see. We said the Client and Gaming segments would be seasonal. So you would expect that the Data Center would be more than seasonal. So maybe to help you size that, think about the Data Center sequential drop as double digit, whereas the Client and the Gaming segments are more like single digit, if that helps.
Ross Seymore: Yes, it does. And anything similarly on Embedded? Is that kind of up single digits?
Jean Hu: Yes. Yes. Embedded will grow sequentially single digit. Yes.
Ross Seymore: Got it. Sorry for the nitpicky question. A bigger picture one for you then, Lisa, on competitive intensity. On one hand, I could see that the total cost of ownership benefits of these products, multicore, better performance, et cetera, could lead to higher ASPs, whether you're talking about the Data Center side or your Client business. On the other side, competitive intensity and overall demand is weaker. And at some point, you might even get deflationary costs on the foundry side of things. Can you talk a little bit about the pricing environment given those somewhat contradictory pressures?
Lisa Su: Sure. So maybe let me separate Data Center and Client because they're a little bit different. I think on the Data Center side, we would - we do see that, in general, the performance, the power performance, the total cost of ownership, selling the solution is the most important piece of it because the solutions are actually quite different in terms of what you can do between sort of fourth gen EPYC and sort of other solutions. The environment is always competitive, but we feel very good about the overall value proposition that we bring to both cloud and enterprise customers. I think on the client side, we've said for the last couple of quarters that the pricing environment is more aggressive. I think that normally happens when the industry is working on rebalancing. I think we're working on rebalancing our OEM partners are working on rebalancing. The retailers are working on rebalancing. And so, there are more incentives and more - a more aggressive pricing environment. I view that, that's primarily on, let's call it, older products let's call it previous generation products. And as we work through that, there will be some normalization as we think about our newer generation products where there's more capability added. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of the puts and takes. And in terms of the cost environment, I think all of us in the industry have seen some elevated costs, but I think we also see - expect that to normalize too as everyone is sort of optimizing their CapEx spending.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Mark Lipacis: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats to Jean on the new seat. Two questions, if I may. First, on the PC side, can you give us a sense about roughly how far under consumption, you believe, you're shipping on the PC side, either in Q4 and Q1? And Lisa, correct me if I am wrong, I thought I heard you say in an answer to an earlier question that you expect the PC client, but just to grow into second quarter. So is that suggest that 1Q, you think is the bottom on the PC? And then I had a follow-up? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure, Mark. So we - so the first - the second question, yes. We do believe the first quarter is the bottom for our PC market - for our PC business, and we'll see some growth in the second quarter and then a seasonally higher second half. In terms of the under shipment, I mean, I think we're - we undershipped in Q3, we undershipped in Q4. We will undership, to a lesser extent, in Q1. So I think you can infer that from our guidance single-digit down. And then we'll be back to a more normal environment. Now just as a reminder though, the first half is not usually a - the first half is usually a seasonally weak client time anyways. So, we would expect more lift in the second half, not so much in the second quarter.
Mark Lipacis: Got you, okay. That's very helpful, thank you. And then a follow-up, if I may, on the - China is lifting, as they're lifting the COVID restrictions, I guess I would imagine that you would expect that ultimately, at some point, to translate into higher demand. And I'm wondering if you could just kind of share with us your thoughts about how that might play out? And could you remind us is, to the extent that you can help us understand of the risk to the supply side for you in the event that the COVID spreads rapidly as they lift the restrictions and impacts what you have on the supply side there? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure, Mark. So we've done a very good job in our supply chain in terms of risk mitigation. So we have - we don't believe that we have a significant risk as it relates to COVID future outbreaks, if there are any. As it relates to China recovery, I think we would benefit from a China recovery. It's very difficult to call. I mean we've seen, certainly in our Data Center business, we saw in the second half of the year and last year in the first half of this year that the China Data Center business has been weak for us. If there was a recovery, I think we would benefit from that. Similarly, some of the other consumer patterns as well. But it's very difficult to call. So we put that in the bucket of macro uncertainty, and we'll see how it plays out.
Ruth Cotter: Operator, we'll take two more questions from two callers, please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Chris Danley from Citi. Your line is now live.
Chris Danley: Great, thanks ladies. Congrats on being the first all-female CEO, CFO team - that's means long time coming. So your gross margins held up pretty well for the Q1 guide despite high-margin Data Center business going down. So if the Data Center business remains weak and has a rough quarter in Q2, can we expect a similar gross margin resiliency?
Jean Hu: Yes, definitely. I think as I said earlier, the major impact on gross margin actually is the PC client side. The stabilization and the bottoming of client business really help us with the gross margin at the current level. Second half, we should see the expansion of gross margin.
Chris Danley: Sure and as my follow-up on your PC client business. So it - had its correction a little bit later than some of the other folks in the semi industry and was obviously a little bit steeper. Can you talk about why that happened and why we should - should or should not expect that or could that happen in the Data Center business as well?
Lisa Su: I guess, Chris, what I would say is I think the PC market has been volatile, and we did significantly - coming off the pandemic, there was very high demand during the pandemic, and I think we were all adjusting as we're looking at sort of the demand environment post pandemic and with macro uncertainty. I think the Data Center business we have you know again, we're heavily weighted towards cloud. And we have very good discussions with our overall customer set in terms of what they need. I think what's going in our favor in the Data Center is our workloads are expanding. And so, we've heard from all of our cloud customers that they're adopting both Milan and Genoa in more workloads than previous. And so I think that gives us good confidence. And frankly, the Data Center customers are also giving us good visibility into what they need for 2023. So there is an adjustment in the first half. And I think that's something that we understand. And we also expect that we're going to have to ramp up production in the second half as some of the demand resumes. And I think, the overall factor of compute in the cloud being a very important long-term driver is definitely there. So, we feel good about sort of where we're positioned.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is now live.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks a lot. Lisa, I had a question on your client business. I know that your competitor at times uses rebates and subsidies. But the numbers that are in their filings have gotten pretty vague. So I take it from your answer to a prior question that you think that's more on legacy parts? I guess I'm just kind of wondering what changes or impact that's had on your business? And I continue to hear these worries that it's going to have some lasting effect on your share and particularly on your margins? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Sure, Tim. So let me make a couple of points. I think all of us, as we participate in the PC industry, there are various parts of the ecosystem that we work with. We work with our OEMs we work with our retail partners. We work with our distribution and channel partners. And we're all working together to work through sort of the elevated inventory levels. As I said, I think we've made good progress on that. And I think we have much better visibility into the various pieces. As it relates to the pricing environment, I do believe that the pricing environment is - particularly when you're clearing older inventory or older generation products, is a bit more competitive. And we see that. As we look forward, the way we're modeling the client business is that we are modeling gross margins to be less than corporate average. That's different than our previous modeling. So previously, client was more like at corporate average. And I think given the - I think the nice thing is our business is quite a bit more diversified now. And so with our Data Center, Embedded businesses really being strong growth drivers, I think Client continues to be a good market overall. And as we work through this, we will see some of the normalization that Jean mentioned.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you well Lisa. And then I guess just as the last thing, you went through some puts and takes on the different pieces for the year, but I just wondered if I could just get you to kind of give a bias for what you think that the revenue for the year is the bias. It sounds to me like the bias is more up than down, but I just wanted to give you a chance to maybe confirm that or not? Thanks.
Lisa Su: I think, Tim, the answer is yes. But again, let's work through the next couple of quarters. And we feel good about how our products are positioned, and we just need to work through the macro and see how that plays out.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks.
Ruth Cotter: Great, thank you. That concludes today's earnings call. Again, welcome to Jean, and we're delighted to have her on board, and much gratitude to Devinder for his 39 years of service and all his leadership and we look forward to touching base with all participants throughout the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello. And welcome to the AMD Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ruth Cotter. Please go ahead, Ruth.
Ruth Cotter: Thank you. And welcome to AMD’s third quarter 2022 financial results conference call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and accompanying slideware. If you do not receive these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today’s press release and slides, which are posted on amd.com as mentioned. Participants on today’s conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin today, I would like to note that Mark Papermaster, Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President, Technology and Engineering, will attend the Wells Fargo Technology, Media and Telecommunications Summit on Wednesday, November 30th. And our fourth quarter quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, December 16th. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Now with that, I’d like to hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Dr. Lisa Su: Thank you, Ruth, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. Our third quarter revenue and gross margin came in below our expectations due to softening PC demand and substantial inventory reduction actions across the PC supply chain. Despite the macro backdrop, overall revenue grew 29% year-over-year to $5.6 billion as our Data Center, Gaming and Embedded segments, each delivered significant year-over-year growth and performed in line with our expectations. We also expanded gross margin and grew net income year-over-year, highlighting the strength of our business. Turning to the business results, starting with our Data Center segment. Revenue increased 45% year-over-year and 8% sequentially to $1.6 billion. We delivered our 10th straight quarter of record server processor sales, driven by strong demand for third-gen EPYC processors and initial shipments of our next-generation Genoa CPU to select customers. Cloud revenue more than doubled year-over-year and increased sequentially as multiple hyperscalers expanded deployments of EPYC processors to power their internal properties and more than 70 new AMD instances were launched by Microsoft Azure, Amazon, Tencent, Baidu and others in the quarter. In enterprise, OEM revenue was down sequentially as server OEMs continued working through match set issues and some business slowed the pace or scale of their purchases based on the macro uncertainties. Looking at the broader competitive landscape, our third-gen EPYC CPUs in market today are the highest performant and most energy efficient x86 server CPUs available, and we expect to further extend that lead with our next-generation 5-nanometer Genoa processors, which deliver significant performance, energy efficiency and TCO advantages for both hyperscale and enterprise workloads. We will publicly launch Genoa next week and are ramping production to support initial cloud deployments and the introduction of fourth-gen EPYC processor platforms by HP Enterprise, Dell, Lenovo, Super Micro and others. Looking at our broader Data Center portfolio, as expected, Data Center GPU sales were down significantly from a year ago when we had substantial shipments supporting the build-out of the Frontier exascale supercomputer. We made good progress with our Data Center GPU software enablement work in the quarter, including announcing our role as a founding member of the PyTorch Foundation. We look forward to working closely with the largest cloud providers as we drive a standards based approach to the development of popular PyTorch deep learning software framework. Demand from Data Center customers for our adaptive, SmartNIC and DPU products was strong during the quarter. We had record sales of our Xilinx FPGA and networking Data Center products led by demand from cloud and financial customers. Sales of our Pensando DPUs also ramped significantly from the prior quarter driven by cloud adoption. The addition of Pensando DPUs to our product portfolio has been very well received by customers, highlighted by our enterprise customer pipeline doubling in the few months since the acquisition closed. We were excited to support VMware’s launch of its next-generation cloud virtualization platform in the quarter. Our Pensando DPUs will be included in the first validated server and HCI solutions, supporting the new VMware virtualization offerings from Dell, HPE and others, that will make it much easier for enterprise customers to build more performant and secure Data Centers powered by our industry-leading DPUs. Taking a step back, we have built significant momentum in our Data Center business as we have consistently executed our server CPU road map and expanded our solutions capabilities with the addition of the Xilinx and Pensando products to our portfolio. We remain on track to further expand our product portfolio in 2023 with the launches of our edge and telco optimized Siena and cloud optimized Bergamo processors. With 128 cores and 256 threads per socket, we expect Bergamo will further extend our performance and energy efficiency leadership in cloud workloads. Customer response has been very strong based on the performance, features and software compatibility Bergamo delivers. We believe our broad family of leadership CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs, adaptive SoCs and DPUs position us well for long-term growth and share gains in the Data Center. Now turning to our Client segment. Revenue declined 40% year-over-year to $1 billion. Our Client processor shipments were below PC consumption in the third quarter as we worked closely with our customers to reduce downstream inventory. Desktop channel sell-through increased from the prior quarter, driven by increased demand for our Ryzen 5000 Series CPUs and the launch of our Ryzen 7000 Series processors and AM5 platform in September. We launched our 5-nanometer Ryzen 7000 Series processors to strong reviews based on delivering leadership performance in gaming, productivity and content creation applications. We expect Ryzen 7000 CPU sales to ramp this quarter aligned with the launches of a broader range of mainstream and enthusiast AM5 motherboards. Now turning to our Gaming segment, revenue increased 14% year-over-year to $1.6 billion as strong semi-custom sales offset a decline in gaming graphics. We delivered our sixth straight quarter of record semi-custom SoC sales as demand for the latest game consoles remained strong, and Sony and Microsoft prepare for the holiday season. Gaming graphics revenue declined in the quarter based on soft consumer demand and our focus on reducing downstream GPU inventory. We will launch our next-generation RDNA 3 GPUs later this week that combine our most advanced gaming graphics architecture with 5-nanometer chiplet designs. Our high end RDNA 3 GPUs will deliver strong increases in performance and performance per watt compared to our current products and include new features supporting high resolution, high frame rate gaming. We look forward to sharing more details later this week. Looking at our Embedded segment, revenue increased significantly year-over-year to a record $1.3 billion, driven by growth from aerospace and defense, industrial and communications customers. Demand across our core markets remained very strong. We had record sales to aerospace and defense and automotive customers who are increasingly using our FPGA and adaptive SoC products to enable differentiated capabilities and features in their products. Record communications market revenue was driven by growth from both wired and wireless customers. We saw a particular strength in North America led by new 5G wireless installations and expanded wired infrastructure deployments. Overall demand for our Xilinx products remain strong as we continue to leverage AMD’s scale to secure additional supply to address this demand. Longer term, we are very excited about the growth opportunities in our Embedded business. We closed multiple high revenue design wins in the quarter with automotive, networking, emulation and prototyping, communications and aerospace and defense customers. We are also seeing new design win opportunities and deeper engagements with many of our Embedded customers based on the expanded breadth of our adaptive SoC, FPGA, CPU, GPU and DPU product portfolio. In summary, we are well-positioned to navigate the current market dynamics based on our leadership product portfolio, strong balance sheet and growth in our Data Center and Embedded segments. We have three clear priorities guiding us. First and foremost, we are focused on executing our road maps and delivering our next generation of leadership products. Second, we are building even deeper relationships with our customers as we make AMD a fundamental enabler of their success. And lastly, we remain very disciplined in how we manage the business. We will continue to invest in our strategic priorities around the Data Center, Embedded and Commercial markets, while tightening expenses across the rest of the business and aligning our supply chain with the current demand outlook. The secular trends driving increased demand for high performance and adaptive computing in the cloud, at the edge and across intelligent end devices remain unchanged and provide a strong backdrop for long-term growth. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our third quarter financial performance. Devinder?
Devinder Kumar: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. AMD reported third quarter results in line with the preliminary results we announced last month. While we are pleased with the performance of our Data Center, Gaming and Embedded segments, each of which grew significantly year-over-year, our third quarter results also reflect lower than expected Client segment revenue. Third quarter revenue was $5.6 billion, up 29% from a year ago. Gross margin was 50%, up 150 basis points from a year ago, primarily driven by higher revenue in the Embedded and Data Center segments, partially offset by lower Client revenue and $160 million of inventory, pricing and related charges in the graphics and client businesses. Operating expenses were $1.5 billion, compared to $1 billion a year ago as we continue to scale the company. Operating income was up 20% from a year ago to $1.3 billion, driven by revenue growth and higher gross margin. Operating margin was 23%, compared to 24% a year ago, due to higher operating expenses. Net income was $1.1 billion, up $202 million from a year ago. Earnings per share was $0.67 per share, compared to $0.73 per share a year ago, primarily due to lower Client segment revenue. Now turning to our reportable segments. Starting with the Data Center segment, revenue was $1.6 billion, up 45% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in third-generation EPYC server processor revenue. Data Center operating income was $505 million or 31% of revenue, compared to $308 million or 28% a year ago. Higher operating income was driven primarily by stronger revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses. Client segment revenue was $1 billion, down 40% year-over-year, due to reduced process shipments resulting from a weak PC market and a significant inventory correction across the PC supply chain. Client operating loss was $26 million, compared to operating income of $490 million or 29% of revenue a year ago, primarily due to lower revenue. Gaming segment revenue was $1.6 billion, up 14% year-over-year, driven by higher semi-custom product sales, partially offset by lower gaming graphics revenue. Gaming operating income was $142 million or 9% of revenue, compared to $231 million or 16% a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to lower graphics revenue and inventory pricing and related charges. Embedded segment revenue was $1.3 billion, up $1.2 billion from a year ago, primarily due to the inclusion of Xilinx’s embedded product revenue. Embedded operating income was $635 million or 49% of revenue, compared to $23 million or 30% a year ago, driven primarily by higher revenue. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $5.6 billion at the end of the third quarter. During the quarter, we repaid the 7.5% senior notes totaling $312 million that matured in August and deployed $617 million to repurchase common stock. We have $6.8 billion in remaining authorization for stock repurchases. Cash from operations was $965 million and free cash flow was $842 million, compared to $764 million in the same quarter last year. Inventory was $3.4 billion, up approximately $721 million from the prior quarter, driven primarily by client products and new products ramping in the second half of the year. Now turning to our financial outlook, today’s outlook is based on current expectations and contemplates the near-term macroeconomic environment. For the fourth quarter of 2022, we expect revenue to be approximately $5.5 billion, plus or minus $300 million, an increase of approximately 14% year-over-year and flat sequentially. The year-over-year growth is driven by Embedded and Data Center segments, partially offset by a decline in the Client and Gaming segments. On a sequential basis, Embedded and Data Center segments are expected to grow, offset by declines in the Client and Gaming segments. In addition, for Q4 2022, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 51%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.55 billion or 28% of revenue, non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be approximately $175 million based on a 13% effective tax rate, and diluted share count to be approximately 1.62 billion shares. For the full year, we expect revenue to be approximately $23.5 billion, plus or minus $300 million, an increase of approximately 43%, led by growth in the Embedded and Data Center segments. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 52%. In closing, we continue to focus on executing our long-term strategy, while navigating current market conditions. We will prioritize the key investments for our product roadmaps and long-term growth, while taking several near-term cost management actions, including prudently controlling operating expenses and headcount growth, while actively managing inventory in line with our revenue expectations. With that, let me turn the call over to Ruth for our Q&A session. Ruth?
Ruth Cotter: Thank you, Devinder. Kevin, if you could please poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I have one question and one quick follow-up. I guess, as we look at your Client piece of the business being down sequentially in the current quarter, as we work through inventory digestion at your customers. I am curious just how you are thinking about kind of the clearing out of that inventory, do you think we find a bottom coming out of the December quarter or any kind of thoughts of just that kind of full expectation of a flushing of inventory in the PC market for you guys?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So, clearly, the PC business has been very volatile and underperformed for us in the third quarter. I think as we go into the fourth quarter, we are guiding that -- embedded in our guidance is that, PCs will be down again in the fourth quarter. We believe that, that will be a significant step in clearing inventory between the third quarter and the fourth quarter, and of course, we will monitor the macro conditions, but we will certainly exit the year in a better place.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. And then as a quick follow-up on the service side of the business, I think, in the past, you have talked about your ability to shift being somewhat supply constrained. I am just curious if you have an update on the supply situation in the server CPU, especially as we look towards the Genoa processor ramp in the next quarter or two?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure. So in the -- on the server side, we certainly have been ramping up our overall supply. I think we have made good progress on that throughout the year. We have more supply in Q4 than we had earlier in the year and some of those investments are coming online here in the fourth quarter. So we expect as we go into 2023 with the Genoa launch not to be supply constrained based on what we currently see.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Fair enough. Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks so much for taking the question. Lisa, I wanted to ask a question on the outlook for 2023, specifically in the server CPU business. I know it’s early and difficult to predict, but given the supply comment that you just made, given what you are hearing from customers, both on the cloud side, as well as the enterprise side and the ramp of your new products. How are you thinking about the positives there versus the macro, which continues to be a headwind? I think many of us have your business growing in Data Center kind of in the 20% to 30% range, is that a fair place to be or is that a little too optimistic given what you know today?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So it is a little bit early to talk about 2023 precisely. But maybe let me give you a backdrop of where we see the Data Center market today. As you said, in the near-term, there are some overall macro headwinds that are affecting all markets, including the Data Center market. Now it varies by segment, and so if I go through each of the segments, what we are seeing is I think North America cloud is, probably, the most resilient out of the segments within the Data Center market and this is where AMD is the strongest. We have had very good progress at the North America cloud vendors and we continue to believe that although there may be some near-term, let’s call it, optimization of, let’s call it, individual footprints and efficiencies at individual cloud vendors over the medium-term. As we go into 2023, we expect growth in that market, particularly customers moving more workloads to AMD, just given the strength of our product portfolio, and overall, Genoa coming forward. As we look through the other segments, I think, China is -- has been very weak in 2022 and we are not forecasting a significant recovery in 2023. So we will see how that goes. And then on the enterprise side, I would say, enterprise is probably most impacted by the macro. So we have seen customers taking longer to make decisions and perhaps being a little bit more conservative on CapEx. That being said, though, we feel very good about our value proposition, we feel very good about our product portfolio, and we believe, even in a little bit of a choppy market that we can gain share across that business. So, overall, I think, our Data Center trends are good and we need to work through the macro as everyone does.
Toshiya Hari: That’s helpful. And then as my follow-up, a question on gross margins, maybe for Devinder. So you are guiding Q4 gross margins up about 100 basis points, which is good to see, but you are still 300 basis points below where you were in Q2, and since then, obviously, Client is down significantly, your Data Center business is very resilient and so is the classic Xilinx business. So from a mix perspective, you should be in a better place. What’s driving down gross margins in Q4, I guess, versus Q2, are you recognizing another inventory hit or is it something else? Thank you.
Devinder Kumar: No inventory hit, first of all, Toshi. On the gross margin, as you said, Q2 54%, if you go all the way to Q4 51% primarily is the weak PC market and Client margins coming down. For example, if you look at Q3, all other businesses were in line with expectations and Client margins came in lower. We also have in the Data Center, a place cloud weightage, which has lower ASPs. So that also has an impact on margins. And then as Lisa mentioned earlier, some of the new capacity that we have from a supply standpoint, there are some additional costs from the supply capacity agreements and those are all baked in into the Q4 51% margin guidance.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is now live.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For the first one, I wanted to ask about the extra week in Q4. How much revenue was that driving on an overall basis, as well as in Data Center specifically? Is there -- I don’t know how linear those -- particularly that business is, is there any sort of -- is there any material impact from that extra week?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Stacy, we are not really counting on a material impact from the extra week. I think if you look at the pluses and minuses in the quarter. The guidance for Q4 really is around sort of PCs and, let’s call it, Gaming being lower, and again, those are -- with all the holidays in place, we are not counting on too much there. And then Data Center is -- Data Center, Embedded are higher, but we are not expecting that the extra week has a material impact.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. For my follow-up, I wanted to ask about units versus pricing in Q3 and Q4. I know in Q3, you specifically mentioned pricing has an impact and it sounds like you are suggesting Client margins are coming down. I don’t know if that’s just a cost or if there’s a pricing impact as well, but like what did units and pricing do in Client in Q3 and what are you expecting in Q4?
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Stacy. So I think if you look at the third quarter, it was -- there are a lot of dynamics in the Client business. So market was weak. In particular, consumer was weak and we have more of a footprint in consumer. So in that framework, we saw units come down, but we also saw ASPs come down on a sequential basis. Now I will say that ASPs were still up on a year-over-year basis. So we have been, let’s call it, disciplined in this pricing environment. We did see some pricing dynamics in the quarter, and we couldn’t face unprofitable business and we will continue to be sort of watching that space. So that was the pluses or minuses as it relates to Client ASPs. And as we go into the fourth quarter, again, I think, we are forecasting for a competitive environment given the market weakness and that’s embedded in the guide.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. For the first one, I just wanted to clarify what is the client revenue we should be thinking about for Q4, is it $800 million, $900 million, any help there? And then, I guess, Lisa, the bigger question there is, what does client recovery look like, do you get back to the $2 billion quarterly rate, do you get to $1.5 billion? And I asked that because your competitor was suggesting that next year the PC TAM would only be down 4% or 5%, which seems a little bit optimistic. What do you think AMD is kind of -- what kind of PC TAM does AMD have in mind for next year so that we get a sense for how this de-risk the model is from a PC perspective?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, a couple of different points, Vivek. Let me just answer the sort of the expectations around Q4. I would say, we are guiding, let’s call it, modestly down for Client and Gaming, and obviously, we are coming off of what is already a low base in Q3. We want to do that to correct the sort of the inventory situation as quickly as possible, and as a result, we are going to under ship consumption again in the fourth quarter to do that. As it relates to next year, I think, there are a lot of factors. I mean this year PCs will be down quite a bit, let’s call it, high-teens, close to 20%. As we go into next year, I think, the industry is calling mid-single digits. I think that would be a good case. I think we should model down to minus 10%. And again, within our PC business, we expect as we get through this inventory correction, I mean, we have very good products, and I feel very good about our product portfolio and very good about our platforms overall. So I do think the PC business will recover as we go into 2023, but we will have to work through these dynamics over the next quarter or so.
Vivek Arya: Understood. And for my follow-up, Devinder, maybe one for you on gross margins, how much of the write-offs and pricing actions that you are taking in -- that you took in Q3 and are taking in Q4, how much are they recoverable in Q1? So let’s say, hypothetically, Q1 revenue is the same as Q4 revenue, what can gross margins be, how much of the actions are recoverable and basically how do you start getting back to the prior trend of 54% gross margin, because the longer term target is over 57%? So if Client revenues don’t really grow that much, are there actions that can help you get back to your prior gross margin trajectory? Thank you.
Devinder Kumar: Let me try to answer it this way. If you look at Q3 in and of itself, we came in with about 50% gross margin. We had $160 million of charges, which are inventory pricing and related charges. If you adjust for those, the margin for -- in Q3 is about 52%. And we had guided to 54%, we came in at 52%, and primarily, that’s due to two reasons, right? You have the Client weak PC market, and obviously, the Client margins are down. As I said earlier, the rest of the business will perform for the expectations. We have to work through what’s going on with the PC market over this quarter, next quarter and maybe early 2023 and then we come back and talk about the margins. I do feel good about the products we are introducing, especially the new products and perhaps the ability to increase margins from where we are right now, guiding 51% and then taking it up from there.
Vivek Arya: But is the $160 million recoverable, I guess that’s really my question?
Devinder Kumar: Those were mostly inventory rights or pricing actions we would take. Largely, I would say, not recoverable, if that’s what you are asking.
Vivek Arya: I mean can you get back to the 52% that you would have been normalized, like, I expect if you don’t take these actions in Q1, then should you be at a higher gross margin in Q1 versus Q4?
Devinder Kumar: I won’t guide Q1, but what I will say is from the 51% that we have in Q4, we can improve from there.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you. Very much. Good afternoon. At least I have one question on the Data Center segment and then a follow-up on Client. On the Data Center business, if you look back to the pre-announcement a month ago. I think, there was a little bit of maybe -- you came in a little bit under where we were modeling, I will just say that way. And so I got a ton of questions on that and I was really interested in some of the comments that you made in your script about how cloud revenue still more than doubled year-over-year, and anyway, just confirming that I got that right. And maybe if you could help us break down your Data Center business a little bit between the strength in cloud that I would expect to continue given the CapEx commentary we have heard, but there were obviously some headwinds from enterprise that you called out and clearly from HPC, both on CPU and GPU. So I think that would be helpful to just break it down, because I was surprised that, that cloud revenue was as strong as it was given where the numbers came in, in the quarter. Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Matt. So for focus on the third quarter, what I would say is, cloud revenue did more than double, enterprise revenue was down. And then on the GPU side, because we had a strong quarter in the third quarter of 2021, that was down too, and perhaps, that wasn’t quite in your modeling. But the larger dynamics are, as I said earlier, the North America cloud is probably the best out of all the Data Center segments. There is some impact on macro, though. I mean I think everyone is aware of that, that there is a little bit of pull back in CapEx spending. That being the case, I think our market share is very good there and we will -- we expect it to continue to grow. And as the business becomes more cloud weighted -- there have been a few margin questions, so I will just mention, as the business becomes more cloud weighted, that tends to have a little bit of downward pressure on the margin. But our goal right now is footprint and expanding our footprint across cloud and enterprise. I will say even in a weak enterprise market as we go forward over the next few quarters, we feel really good about how we are positioned and the platform solutions that are coming out with all of our OEM partners. So I think on a quarter-by-quarter basis, you may not get the model exactly right, but I think on a longer term basis, I think, the product portfolio and the product capabilities should help us continue to gain share.
Matt Ramsay: Okay. Thank you, Lisa. That’s helpful. I think to highlight the cloud momentum continuing. I guess as my follow-up, I wanted to kind of revisit what we have learned over the last three months or four months in the PC market. It’s super dynamic times out there, and obviously, things have changed in demand really, really quickly from when you guys guided back at the beginning of August until the pre-announcement. And I just kind of wanted to walk back through sort of the dynamics of how the quarter progressed from when you guys gave the original guidance, I guess, obviously, the market went down, there was inventory corrections and whatnot. But just how quickly did you guys see that and I guess the real question coming out of this is, how are you thinking about changes you might make in monitoring inventory levels or working with your channel partners? Just any changes you are thinking about making operationally to the business to sort of protect from this kind of thing coming and, I guess, going forward? Thanks very much. Any color there would be really helpful.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Matt. So, yes, the third quarter, the PC market was very volatile. Going into it, we expected the market would be weak. It was weaker than we expected and the weakest portion of the market is a consumer market where we tend to be more heavily weighted. I think the thing that perhaps we saw in the market is, we -- as the overall macro economy has also weakened, customers in general across the Board have just become more cautious. So even as they were selling through their inventory, they were not replenishing stock to the same levels. And frankly, we were coming off of a supply/demand imbalance where in the first half of the year, people were actually trying to gather inventory and we had been in a supply constrained situation. So it is a very dynamic situation, I would say. I think that we have great partnerships across the supply chain. I feel good about the visibility that we have. I think the market will continue to be volatile. But we will -- we are all sort of biased towards reducing inventory levels so that we can better react to the market factors and the market situation. So, hopefully, that helps a little bit.
Matt Ramsay: Yeah. No. Definitely appreciate that Lisa.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your visibility in the Xilinx part of the business to the extent that we have seen some weakening in kind of broader markets here and there, but generally, it’s okay. Like can you just talk about how long your visibility extends there, how you feel about growth into next year?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Absolutely, Joe. So the Xilinx business, our Embedded business has been performing just extremely well. Another very strong quarter in Q3 and we have -- we see growth into the fourth quarter. We have been very focused on what’s happening within the various sub-segments. I think the nice part of the business, as you know, is that, it has -- it’s very broad based. So we have seen communications was up for us, aerospace and defense very strong, automotive was also up for us here in the third quarter. We did see some weaknesses. Consumer was weak. There was some sub-segments of industrial. So test and measurement was weaker in the third quarter. So we do see the puts and takes there. But overall, I would say, the business has strong visibility. We are still supply constrained in certain nodes and some of the legacy nodes. We have made a lot of progress on supply. So we are seeing additional supply come in in Q4 and that leads us to good confidence in Q4. We expect the first half, again, we have multiple quarters of visibility just given the lead times in that business and we will be watching it very carefully. But I would say, overall, the products portfolio is strong and we have also gained some share in that business as well.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Dr. Lisa Su: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Ross Seymore: Everybody, thanks. So let me ask a couple of questions quickly here. Lisa, if you could give us a little color, you talked about the fourth quarter being, I guess, down modestly in Client and Gaming. Can you give relatively similar color for Data Center and Embedded, just because the volatility between segments, obviously, has been huge over the last couple of quarters?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Ross. Well, since -- on an absolute level, we are talking about flattish from Q4 to Q3, 5.5 versus 5.56. So modest decline in Client and Gaming. Within Gaming, we would expect consoles to be down in the fourth quarter given they are coming off of Q3, which is their peak. That’s offset a bit by our new graphics launch that is occurring in the next few weeks. And then as it relates to Data Center and Embedded, it’s about the same. Let’s call it, modest plus as we go forward. We expect again cloud to be stronger than enterprise. That’s some of the margin dynamics that we were asking earlier, and Embedded, as we get more supply, modestly up as well.
Ross Seymore: Great. That’s perfect. And then as my follow-up, one for either you or Devinder. As we think about OpEx for next year, how do you guys philosophically balance the desire to stick to your business model that you laid out at your most recent Analyst Day versus the desire to continue to spend, continue to gain market share, put out the great new products and execute that you have done so well, are those kind of buffers conflicting against each other, and how, if so, do you reconcile that confliction?
Devinder Kumar: Yeah. I think the key thing is we continue to invest in the strategic areas, in Data Center and Embedded and the product roadmaps. The macro environment has weakened soft PCs and we are taking actions to reduce expenses especially in the rest of the business besides what I talked about earlier in terms of the areas of focus and we have slowed down hiring. So you are right, Q4, if you look at E2R business is high, but we are very disciplined in terms of what we are going to do. Expense actions do take time to kick in and we expect that as we go out into 2023, the E2R comes more in balance with the revenue and we manage it in line with the revenue out in time.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. And maybe, Ross, if I’d just add on top of that. I think we have the opportunity -- we have multiple levers in OpEx. So we are going to be very disciplined, as Devinder said. That being the case, I mean, we feel very good about our strategic direction around Data Center, Embedded and the commercial markets. So we want to continue to invest there where we will be more conservative on the consumer facing portions of our business and that’s how we will manage through 2023.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is now live.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. Lisa, I wanted to come back to the PC business. There’s such a big disparity between your 3Q guide and what Intel guided to or reported versus what they are guiding to in 4Q and usually things normalize over a longer period of time. But I just wanted to understand, is it a case of they took their medicine earlier and AMD continued to over ship versus demand? Just kind of help us understand and there seems to be also a dynamic that Intel is raising pricing in 4Q, so there was some pull-in ahead of that. And I have been getting a lot of questions myself. I don’t understand specific disparity. So any help would be very helpful?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Ambrish. Look, I think, again, let me comment on our business, right? So for our business, as we exited the first half of the year, I think, we were planning for a sort of a reasonable PC market in the second half. Usually, the third quarter is higher than the first half, and the third and the fourth quarter are seasonally higher, and so that’s what we were building to, together with our customers, by the way, with that expectation. I think the market weakness, as well as just the overall caution in the environment just caused people to behave a bit differently and that really required us to work together with our customers on the inventory corrections. And as you said, there were some temporal sort of dynamics and we are aware of those temporal dynamics. Some of it is very -- sort of very aggressive pricing that we chose not to follow, and again, that’s a decision that we made. And others are, as you might expect, there might be some temporal optimization that people are doing. I don’t think there’s anything fundamental. I think fundamentally, our product portfolio is strong. I think we have very good platforms in place and we will work through this. I fully agree that it’s kind of a messy market environment that we have to work through, but we will work through it.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. Good. Thank you. And I had a follow-up for you, Devinder. Just talk about capacity opening up at the foundries and we had this conversation at the Analyst Day about the headwind to free cash flow given your need or desire to secure capacity. Is that going to temper off now -- taper off as we go through the remainder of the next few quarters as there should be more capacity that’s available, plus on the PC side you should need much less than what you needed a couple of quarters ago? Thank you.
Devinder Kumar: Yeah. I mean the capacity agreement that we were working on, which have some benefit, especially as Lisa talked about earlier in the service space, these are long-term agreements we put in place to support the growth of the business. Given the market backdrop, we work actively with our suppliers in aligning supply with timing of revenue and ramp up products and that’s something that we are able to do with our suppliers given what’s happened to the market. So, there is --- from that standpoint some flexibility overall and that’s something we will work through over the next two quarter to three quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. In Data Center, the team continues to expand the number of compute instances with your cloud customers on Milan. It seems like the momentum is carrying up through the ramp of your fourth generation Genoa platforms. I think this is a very good dynamic. I assume you guys have good visibility here. So how long does the Milan momentum continue into next year and are your cloud customers already qualifying Genoa and when do you expect Genoa to start to kick into high-volume ramp?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Harlan. So, yes, look, we are very happy with our Milan sort of workload ramp. We are continuing to ramp Milan here this year and then into next year as well. As it relates to Genoa, we did start initial shipments of Genoa to our strategic customers in the third quarter. That is continuing in the fourth quarter. So we are ramping production in the fourth quarter. A lot of the, let’s call it, the qualifications or the first instances are being qualified here in the fourth quarter into the first quarter. And what we have said before is that, Milan and Genoa are going to actually coexist for quite some time, just given how competitive both are. Genoa is a new platform. It is new DDR5 and PCIe 5.0, and that takes a bit longer for people to qualify. So we would expect both to continue to ramp in 2023 and that’s how we are planning the business.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you. And despite the macro concerns, and as you mentioned, some near-term workload optimization, your North American cloud customers, I mean, they are still growing their cloud services business at a strong 30%, 40% year-over-year growth rate and I assume that these types of growth rates like the consumption of compute networking, storage workloads and therefore, installed utilization, like, this is all quite strong in driving the need to build out more compute capacity. Is this what’s driving the team’s sort of strong mid-term outlook for this segment or is it more a function of your strong product lineup with Genoa and continuing to capture greater compute share or both?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Right. Harlan, I would say, it’s a little bit of both and I think you said it well. In the very near-term, there is a little bit of optimization that each cloud vendor is doing. But in the medium-term, what our customers are telling us is they need more compute. And the more compute is for additional workloads building out. It’s also for upgrade of, let’s call it, older compute, given our new products have very strong TCO, power efficiency, given the cost of power and energy around the world. We are actually seeing that also be a driver for some of the conversion to AMD in the cloud as we go into 2023.
Harlan Sur: Thank you, Lisa.
Dr. Lisa Su: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Chris Danely from Citi. Your line is now live.
Chris Danely: Thank you. So if we take the macro out of it, can you just go through your share expectations in desktop, notebook and server, let’s just say, for the next 12 months or so?
Dr. Lisa Su: Let’s see, I am trying to think how do I take the macro out of it. So your question is -- put the actual TAM aside and just talk about where we are going from a share standpoint, is that your question?
Chris Danely: Yeah. You can say relatively where you expect to gain more or less.
Dr. Lisa Su: I got it. I got it. Okay. Yeah. I want to be responsive to the question. Well, let’s start with the Data Center. I think in the Data Center, we believe that we will continue to gain share. We expect to continue to gain share in both cloud and enterprise. We are more underrepresented in enterprise, and so, again, that’s a key focus for us. But as we just stated in the last few questions, I think, North America cloud, in particular, I think, we see line of sight to significant new deployments based on our current roadmap. In the desktop and notebook business, our focus is on certain segments. So we are very focused on premium. We are very focused on gaming and we are focused on commercial. I think in those areas, there are, again, opportunities for us to continue to gain share. I think in desktop DIY business or sort of the desktop channel business, we have a strong lineup. We just launched the new Ryzen 7000 Series. We have additional products that we will launch next year as well and that’s sort of the puts and takes in the various businesses.
Chris Danely: Sure. And then as my follow-up, I guess, just getting back into the macros that you mentioned that ASPs are getting a little or at least pricing is getting a little tough on CPUs. If this downturn in PCs continues into next year and if it spreads into the Data Center market, how do you think of pricing going forward and would you choose to maybe give up some share if your competitor remains aggressive on price and the environment stays difficult?
Dr. Lisa Su: Chris, I think, we are -- we have a very strong value proposition. Our strategy is not to lead on price. So if you look at -- look in the Data Center, although price is one factor, we find price is not the leading factor in the majority of the selections. There is work for us to do in terms of workload optimization and that’s where a lot of our focus has been in the Data Center. So, hopefully, that answers that piece. As it relates to the PC business, it is more price-sensitive. We have seen it become more price-sensitive. I think, again, where we have a strong value proposition we will continue to be very competitive. But even back a year ago, we didn’t choose to compete in the Chrome market, because, again, that was just not a profitable business for us and so we are going to be disciplined in ensuring that what we are taking is profitable business.
Chris Danely: Got it. Thanks, Lisa.
Dr. Lisa Su: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is now live.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Thanks a lot. I had two. Lisa, first, I wanted to ask about U.S.-China trade and I guess the recent restrictions, they didn’t seem to have too much direct impact on you, but the direction of travel seems pretty clear and you report China as 25% of revenue, but that’s sell-in. So I am wondering if maybe you can help us with what China is on a consumption basis and kind of how you handicap where your China TAM is going. When you are making these investment decisions, how do you think about the U.S.-China trade and the direction of travel? And I had a follow-up, too. Thanks.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Tim. So we are certainly watching the situation very closely. Upon reviewing all of the new regulations as they have gone into effect, it is minimal impact on our revenue in the near-term. We are certainly working very closely with commerce and the rest of the U.S. Government on how those are rolling out. And then I think on a medium-term basis, again, my view on these things is, we will always follow the U.S. regulations and understand the need for national security. The majority of our China business is, let’s call it, non-Data Center. So it’s more in the PC business, as well as in some of the consumer facing businesses. So we are paying attention to that as we go forward in the business. But for the near-term, we have not seen any significant impacts, and we will continue to follow it very closely.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you, Lisa. And then, I guess, I wanted to ask a question about PCs. So you guided in late July and it seemed like things were fine and then we lost basically $1 billion basically in two months. It would seem like those were massively weak months, and I would think that, maybe there’s been some improvement in the run rate when you kind of head into Q4. Does that mean inventory has sort of leaned out a little bit? I mean the market probably only absorbed, I don’t know, 58 million units in Q3, and if you annualize that, you are at 200 million units a year. It’s like hard to get PCs that bad next year. So I am just kind of wondering if you can comment on sort of the run rate, because August and September must have been terrible months? Thanks.
Dr. Lisa Su: The PC market certainly was volatile in the third quarter. I would say that, we did drain a good amount of inventory in the third quarter. I think we are -- our guide indicates a desire to drain more in the fourth quarter, and I think, we will make progress in that. And of course, it all depends on how the macro behaves over the next couple of months, but like I said, I think we are -- we have good visibility into the various market factors and we are planning for a weaker PC environment in the fourth quarter.
Ruth Cotter: Thank you, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you.
Ruth Cotter: Operator, we will take two more questions, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Blayne Curtis: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. I want to go back to just the pricing question prior. If you look at the decline in your Client business a little over 50%, is there a way to think about units versus pricing there and I think there’s a couple of factors. I’d be curious your thoughts mix away from the high end, but then you mentioned competition, just kind of your thoughts as to that impact to pricing as well?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Blayne, it was certainly more units. I think Stacy asked the question earlier. ASPs were down sequentially, but they were up year-over-year. So the decline was more driven by units, but there was an ASP factor on a sequential basis. And then in terms of what we see in the market, I would say that as the market weakened, there was sort of more pressure at the high end in terms of just velocity and desire to clear inventory. And so the mix did mix towards lower ASPs and towards more incentives to clear that inventory. As it relates to longer term, though, I don’t feel like there’s a longer term significant mix change, if that’s what you were asking.
Blayne Curtis: I guess the second part -- maybe I will ask the second part is, gross margins are down 100 basis points from Q3 to Q4, mix is kind of going in your favor with Data Center and Embedded. But then I guess you are saying PCs are not down that much. So I can’t -- I guess I was figuring maybe pricing is not that bad either. So I guess that’s a long way of asking, again, what’s the reason for the core margins to be down 100 basis points from Q3 to Q4?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Okay. So let me try that. So if you think about what we see in the business. There’s a couple of factors. So if you say, excluding the charges that we described the $160 million in Q3, we were about 52%. We are guiding to 51%. We do see the client market continuing to be weak. We want to make sure that we have -- we do clear additional inventories. We do see in Data Center a mix to -- when the mix is higher for North America cloud, that tends to be lower ASPs just given the environment in that business. And then Devinder mentioned that as we increase capacity, particularly in the server market, there were some -- we have some additional capacity coming online and that has a bit of cost impact. So those are the couple of factors that get you to the 51%.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler. Your line is now live.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey, guys. First of all, thanks for squeezing me in. Lisa, I had a question of the near-term to, call it, mid-term view of the data center market. Do you think that the data center market is inherently growing in the December quarter, the market, not AMD, and do you think -- and/or do you think you are growing because you are launching Genoa? And to that point, you talked about dislocations and sort of the cloud and the data center market. I was curious what specifically are you seeing and if you could differentiate between are you seeing just slower growth or is there inventory that’s built up? And then I have got a follow-up.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, look, what I would say is, again, on a very discrete basis, I wouldn’t say the overall data center market is necessarily up. Just given the macro impact, there is some impact on overall spending. In terms of our business, we do have a weighting towards North America cloud that tends to be sort of the most resilient part of the market. And then as it relates to what’s happening in the market? Like I said, I think, what’s happening is -- enterprise is weak. I think that is overall people -- businesses are just being more cautious. China is weak and has been weak all year. And then in cloud, in general, there’s not in general, every customer is a bit different in what they are trying to do. Some are just optimizing inventory, some are optimizing footprint and then some are continuing to build. And so I wouldn’t call it a market per se. I would call it their individual instances for each customer. What’s helpful for us is, what we are talking about is not just Q4 with our customers. We are really talking about what do they need for all of 2023. I mean we are coming from a place where we were supply constrained and so we are planning for the capacity that’s necessary and there, we see which workloads are moving and when are they moving each of the workloads. And so that gives us some visibility into what their spending plans are for 2023.
Harsh Kumar: Very helpful, Lisa. And then for my last follow-up, can you talk about the gaming market in general? Of course, September, you mentioned was the peak quarter. So December will be off some. But is this also the peak Gaming year in 2022 and should we be thinking that Gaming will be down or just because these things are still so hard to get, to try to go buy PS5, you still can’t get your hands on it easily. So do you think there’s more legs left to the growth next year?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Harsh, we do believe that there is still some pent-up demand, especially coming into this holiday season. So Q3 was the peak for us this year. Q4 is down seasonally as you might expect. Going into next year, I think, there are puts and takes. I would say the best way to model at this point is to model Gaming segment flattish and let’s see how the holiday season goes, but that would be the way we would call it at this point.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Ruth Cotter: Thanks, Kevin. Thank you everybody for tuning in today and we look forward to connecting with you all throughout the quarter. And we have two important product launches coming up here in the next 10 days, so we will look forward to that engagement. Thanks, everyone. This concludes the call.
Operator: Thank you. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the AMD Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Laura Graves, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Laura.
Laura Graves: Thank you, and welcome to AMD’s second quarter 2022 financial results conference call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and accompanying slides. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today’s press release and slides posted on our website. In addition, today’s financial results reflect our new segment reporting, which aligns with how we now manage our business in strategic end markets. Participants on today’s conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note, Dr. Lisa Su will attend the Goldman Sachs Communacopia and Technology Conference on Thursday, September 15; Victor Peng, President of our Adaptive and Embedded Computing Group will attend the Rosenblatt Second Annual Technology Summit, The Age of AI Scaling on Tuesday, August 23; Ruth Cotter, Senior Vice President of Marketing, Human Resources and Investor Relations, will attend the Jefferies Semiconductor IT Hardware and Communications Infrastructure Summit on Tuesday, August 30; and AMD’s third quarter 2022 quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, September 16. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on our current beliefs, assumptions and expectations speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause results to differ. With that, I will hand the call over to Lisa Su. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. This was an excellent quarter for our business as we delivered record revenue and profitability based on our strong execution, leadership product portfolio and diversified business model. Each of our segments grew significantly year-over-year, led by higher data center and embedded sales as we continue expanding our presence across a broader set of markets and customers. Revenue grew 70% year-over-year to a record $6.6 billion. We also expanded gross margin 6 percentage points year-over-year to 54% and set records for operating and net income, both of which more than doubled from the prior year. Turning to the business results. Starting in the second quarter, we updated our financial segment reporting to align with our four strategic end markets: Data Center, Client, Gaming and Embedded. Let me start with our Data Center segment. Revenue increased 83% year-over-year and 15% sequentially to $1.5 billion, led by record server processor sales. EPYC processor demand was strong in the quarter, with significant year-over-year growth across both cloud and enterprise customers. In cloud, more than 60 new instances powered by third-gen EPYC processors launched in the quarter from AWS, Baidu, Google, Microsoft Azure and Oracle, including the industry’s first cloud-based software-as-a-service solution for chip design from Microsoft Azure and Synopsys, powered by our Milan-X processors with 3D stacked triplets. In enterprise, OEM adoption accelerated in the quarter as Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Super Micro, Cisco and others brought tailored solutions to market that deliver leadership performance and TCO across many enterprise workloads. Recent examples include Lenovo’s AMD-powered Think Systems, setting a price performance world record for transaction processing and AMD-based HPE ProLiant servers, delivering record-setting virtualization performance. We made progress further establishing our data center GPU footprint in the quarter, highlighted by the AMD-powered Frontier supercomputer, debuting in the number one spot on both the top 500 list of the world’s fastest supercomputers and the Green500 list of the most energy-efficient supercomputers. I am extremely proud of our work with HPE and Oak Ridge National Laboratory to build the world’s first exascale supercomputer. Breaking the exa block barrier is a significant computing milestone and the fact that it was made possible by EPYC processors and Instinct accelerators, highlights AMD’s unique ability to push the envelope in computing further and faster than anyone else. Looking at our broader data center opportunities, we saw strong growth year-over-year for our industry leading FPGA and networking products with cloud and financial customers. We closed our acquisition of Pensando in the quarter, further expanding our data center solutions capabilities with the addition of a world-class team and an industry-leading DPU and software stack that complement our existing products. With the additions of Xilinx and Pensando, AMD now provides the industry’s broadest set of leadership compute engines and accelerators to enable the best performance, security, flexibility and TCO for leading edge data centers. Looking ahead, customer pull for our next-generation 5-nanometer Genoa server CPU is very strong. We are on track to launch and ramp production of Genoa as the industry’s highest performance general-purpose server CPU later this year, positioning our data center business for continued growth and share gains. Turning to our Client segment. Revenue grew 25% year-over-year to $2.2 billion based on record mobile processor sales. We believe we gained client processor revenue share for the ninth straight quarter led by strong adoption of our latest generation Ryzen mobile processors. Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo and others are on track to significantly expand their portfolio of AMD-based notebooks as they bring almost 300 new designs to market this year, powered by Ryzen processors. We also saw strong demand in the quarter for our latest generation Ryzen Pro processors that deliver leadership performance and battery life for professional notebooks. Commercial client processor revenue grew significantly year-over-year as HP, Lenovo and others launched more than 50 AMD-based commercial notebooks and Dell announced its first AMD-based precision workstation. Looking ahead, we are on track to launch our all-new 5-nanometer Ryzen 7000 desktop processors and AM5 platforms later this quarter, with leadership performance in gaming and content creation. Taking a step back, while there has been additional softness in the PC market in recent months, we believe we are very well positioned to navigate through the current environment based on the strength of our existing product portfolio and upcoming product launches. Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue increased 32% year-over-year to $1.7 billion as semi-custom growth more than offset a decline in gaming graphics sales. Semi-custom SoC sales continue outpacing the prior generation and we remain on track for record semi-custom annual revenue in 2022. Gaming graphics declined in the quarter as macro conditions impacted discretionary spending. New AMD Advantage gaming notebooks that combine Ryzen and Radeon processors to enable outstanding gaming experiences launched recently to strong reviews, highlighted by the Alienware M17 receiving multiple Editors’ Choice awards from leading industry publications. While we expect the gaming graphics market to be down in the third quarter, we remain focused on executing our GPU roadmap, including launching our high-end RDNA 3 GPUs later this year. Our next-generation RDNA 3 architecture is another major step forward for our graphics roadmap, delivering more than a 50% generational improvement in performance per watt by combining our most advanced gaming architecture with 5-nanometer triplet manufacturing. Looking at our Embedded segment, revenue grew significantly year-over-year to $1.3 billion, led by robust demand across all markets and nodes for our FPGA and Adaptive Computing products. Xilinx products are deployed in virtually every market, powering mission-critical applications for thousands of customers. We accelerated Xilinx’s product sales in the second quarter with the benefit of the additional manufacturing scale and resources of AMD. We delivered record core markets revenue led by aerospace and defense, industrial vision and health and test and measurement. Communications growth was led by higher demand in wired from multiple Tier 1 system vendors, while wireless demand was driven by multiple ramping ORAN deployments in North America. Embedded CPU revenue also grew significantly in the quarter based on higher automotive sales and the ramp of new networking and storage design wins. As we highlighted at our Financial Analyst Day in June, we have identified greater than $10 billion in long-term revenue synergy opportunities as we bring the AMD and Xilinx assets together. Our largest opportunity is in AI and we have already started executing new hardware and software roadmaps to capture the significant opportunity we see to drive pervasive AI across cloud, edge and endpoints. In summary, our work over the last several years has placed AMD on a significant growth trajectory. AMD has never been stronger and the markets for our products have never been as large or diverse. As a result, we have now delivered eight straight quarters of record revenue as our strong execution and leadership products have driven increased adoption across an expanded set of markets and customers. Despite the current macroeconomic environment, we see continued growth in the back half of the year, highlighted by our next-generation 5-nanometer product shipments and supported by our diversified business model. We remain laser focused on executing our product and technology roadmaps, further deepening our customer relationships and investing strategically across the company to drive our next phase of growth across the $300 billion high-performance and adaptive computing market. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our second quarter financial performance. Devinder?
Devinder Kumar: Thank you, Lisa and good afternoon everyone. AMD reported excellent second quarter results. Strong demand for our leadership products drove record quarterly revenue and continued gross margin expansion. The second quarter includes the first full quarter of Xilinx’s financial results and we are pleased to have closed the acquisition of Pensando in the quarter. Second quarter revenue was $6.6 million, up 70% from a year ago, driven by higher revenue across all segments and the inclusion of Xilinx revenue. Gross margin was 54%, up 640 basis points from a year ago, driven primarily by higher data center and embedded revenue. Operating expenses were $1.6 billion compared to $909 million a year ago as we continue to scale the company. Operating income more than doubled from a year ago to record $2.2 billion, driven by significant revenue growth and higher gross margin. Operating margin was 30%, up from 24% a year ago. Net income was a record $1.7 billion, up $929 million from a year ago. Earnings per share, was $1.05 per share compared to $0.63 per share a year ago. Now, turning to our reportable segments. As previously communicated, we modified our segment reporting to align with our strategic end markets and the way we now manage the business. The Data Center segment includes server CPUs, data center GPUs, Pensando and Xilinx data center products. The Client segment includes desktop and notebook PC processors and chipsets, while the Gaming segment includes discrete graphic process and semi-custom game console products. The Embedded segment includes both AMD and Xilinx embedded products. Starting with the Data Center segment. Revenue was $1.5 billion, up 83% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in third-generation EPYC server processor revenue. Data Center operating income was $472 million or 32% of revenue compared to $204 million or 25% a year ago. Higher operating income was driven primarily by stronger revenue partially offset by higher operating expenses. Client segment revenue was $2.2 billion, up 25% year-over-year, driven by a richer mix of Ryzen mobile processor sales. Client operating income was $676 million or 32% of revenue compared to $538 million or 31% a year ago. Operating income improvement was driven primarily by higher revenue partially offset by higher operating expenses. Gaming segment revenue was $1.7 billion, up 32% year-over-year, driven by higher semi-custom product sales. Gaming operating income was $187 million or 11% of revenue compared to $175 million or 14% a year ago. Higher operating income was driven primarily by higher semi-custom revenue, which was partially offset by higher operating expenses. Operating margin was lower primarily due to lower graphics revenue and higher operating expenses. Embedded segment revenue was $1.3 billion, up $1.2 billion from a year ago, driven primarily by the inclusion of Xilinx embedded revenue. Embedded operating income was $641 million or 51% of revenue compared to $6 million or 11% a year ago, driven by higher revenue. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was $6 billion at the end of the second quarter. During the quarter, we deployed $920 million to repurchase common stock and have $7.4 billion in remaining authorization. Cash from operations was a record $1 billion. Quarterly free cash flow was $906 million compared to $888 million in the same quarter last year. Inventory was $2.6 billion, up approximately $220 million from the prior quarter in support of second half revenue and the inclusion of Pensando. During the quarter, we established AMD in the investment-grade debt market by issuing debt of $1 billion. Turning to our financial outlook. Today’s outlook is based on current expectations and contemplates the current macroeconomic environment and customer demand signals. For the third quarter of 2022, we expect revenue to be approximately $6.7 billion, plus or minus $200 million, an increase of approximately 55% year-over-year, primarily led by growth in the Data Center and Embedded segments. In addition for Q3 2022, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 54%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.64 billion or 24.5% of revenue, non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be approximately $270 million based on the 13% effective tax rate and the diluted share count to be approximately 1.63 billion shares. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue of approximately $26.3 billion, plus or minus $300 million, an increase of approximately 60% at the midpoint led by growth in Data Center and Embedded segments. We continue to expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 54%. In closing, we had an excellent second quarter, with year-over-year revenue growth across all segments, margin expansions and record profitability. Looking ahead, we remain focused on executing our product and financial objectives, while continuing to monitor market signals and work closely with our customers to navigate the dynamic market conditions. We are confident that we are well-positioned for long-term growth driven by our revenue diversification, financial model and earnings power. Before we transition to the Q&A, we would like to take this opportunity to thank Laura Graves for all her service to AMD and wish her every success on her retirement later this month. Thank you, Laura. With that, let us begin the Q&A portion of our call.
Laura Graves: Thank you, Devinder. Kevin, go ahead and begin the Q&A, please.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you so much for taking the question, and congrats to Laura on your upcoming retirement. I had two questions. The first one, I wanted to better understand what’s contemplated in your guidance, your Q3 guidance, as well as your implied Q4 guidance, both in terms of revenue and gross margins? If you can kind of speak to the pluses and minus on a sequential basis, that would be super helpful. And then I have a follow-up.
Lisa Su: Sure. Thanks, Toshiya, for the question. So in terms of the Q3 and the Q4 guidance, so if we would start first with Q3, I think the Q3 guidance implies that, first of all, the revenue growth is led by the Data Center, as well as some increase in our semi-custom or Game Console business, which historically peaks in the third quarter. We have taken a more conservative outlook on the PC business. So a quarter ago, we would have thought that the PC business would be down, let’s call it, high single digits. And our current view of the PC business is that it will be down, let’s call it, mid-teens. And that’s contemplated into our third quarter guidance. And then as we go into the fourth quarter, what we see is, again, the sequential growth there will be led by the Data Center, as well as our Embedded business, with the same view of the PC business. But what we also have there is a set of new product ramps that we’re very excited about. So we have a number of 5-nanometer products that will be ramping in the fourth quarter, including our client products, as well as our server – our general products, as well as our graphics products. So that’s sort of the view of Q3 and Q4 from a revenue standpoint. And then from a margin standpoint, again, we’re guiding full year margin at 54%, which is what we – which is the same. And again, it’s a mix of business in each of the businesses that is resulting in that.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you for the color, particularly around your PC assumptions. My follow-up, I was hoping you can speak to what you’re seeing in your Data Center business. Given the macro backdrop, we get a bunch of questions from investors about the forward and sort of the concerns related to both enterprise and spending in the cloud. What are your customers telling you at this point? What kind of visibility do you have? And at what point do you become more dependent on the overall market? And I asked the question because if we take the most recent quarter, you’re probably about third of your nearest competitor in terms of revenue scale, you were about 1.7% a year ago. So obviously, you’re significantly larger, curious at 1 point, do you become more correlated with the broader market? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes. Thanks for the question on the Data Centers. So look, the Data Center business has grown very nicely for us. We’re pleased with the segment growth both on a year-over-year as well as a sequential basis. In terms of what we’re seeing underneath that, in the second quarter, for example, we did see the Cloud business continue to be very strong. So from what we – from our customers, we’re continuing to ramp new cloud instances and workloads with Milan and we see that continuing into the second half of the year. For the Enterprise business, we actually did make also a good progress on the OEM side there as well. What I would say is the trends there are a bit more mixed and perhaps more correlated to some of the macro backdrop. So we do see a significant pipeline, although some of the deals are taking a little bit longer to close. And I would say that there are some match set of things that the OEMs are working through. But all in all, I think we continue to see significant growth opportunities as we go into the second half of the year and into 2023 just given our strong product positioning. And as I said, in this part of the cycle, we see Milan continuing to ramp into the second half of the year. And then we see Genoa coming in towards the end of the year into 2023. So I do think, to your overall question, do we become more correlated to the market? I mean, I think we are – we’ve certainly gained a lot of share. So we’re a larger piece of the market, but we are still underrepresented. And the visibility with our customers, especially our large cloud customers’ second half of this year into next year is very good. And we’re planning really for the next four to six quarters, and that gives us good visibility.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Lisa Su: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Your line is now live.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Lisa, I just wanted to revisit the second half outlook because your large competitor recently presented a very bleak picture of PC and Enterprise and Data Center talking about excess inventory, et cetera, but you are leaving your expectations relatively unchanged. I’m curious, how do you see your inventory levels? And do you think AMD could be impacted by any excess PC or server or graphics inventory from your main competitors? Just is your second half you think adequately de-risked the way you see it today?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Vivek. So look, if you look at our second half guidance, and maybe let’s talk about the full year guidance, we have – there are some puts and takes in how we’re seeing the business today. So whenever we guide, we recognize that there are multiple dynamics that we’re looking at. In the current guidance for the full year and the second half, what we’re saying is that we continue to see strong demand in the Data Center, in our Embedded business, as well as in the Console business. And we are being more conservative in our PC outlook. Our PC outlook now at mid-teens would kind of put the market at somewhere around, let’s call it, 290 million to 300 million units. So I do think we’ve appropriately de-risked the PC business. As it relates to inventory as we look at the current situation, given some of the COVID lockdowns and things in the second quarter, I think there was a bit of buildup in PC inventory, and we’ve taken that into account in the second half. We think the AMD portion of that is modest. And as a result, it will rebalance itself in the second half of the year. So overall, I think we feel very good about the second half. And again, with the portfolio that we have, one of the things that has been important is we were still supply constrained in several of the areas. Certainly, on the Embedded side, we were supply constrained in the second quarter. And even on the Server side, we were tight in the second quarter. We have additional supply that’s coming online, especially as we get towards the end of the year. That will help us really meet more of the demand from customers. So we feel pretty good about all of those puts and takes.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, Lisa, one more on the data center side. So cloud spending seems very strong right now. But we see all these media reports about the cloud players wanting to control their spending levels, etcetera. When do you think that shows up in their spending outlook? Or do you think you have enough of a share gain story with Genoa coming out later this year to offset any slowdown from just a broader spending environment perspective? And just how are you feeling about the next-gen kind of Genoa versus Sapphire Rapids competitive outlook?
Lisa Su: Yes, Vivek. So I mean, we spend a lot of time with our customers talking about what they’re seeing in their businesses and what they’re seeing in their markets, particularly the large cloud customers. What I would say is every customer is different. So they each have their own dynamics of what they’re trying to optimize. We have seen a bit of a slowdown in China, and you might have expected that. But certainly, with North America cloud, they’ve been very strong this year, and the forecast are robust for next year. Relative to your overall question, I think we do feel like we’re in a share gain position. I think the product positioning is such that Milan is very, very strong right now. And we think that Genoa as well is very well positioned into next year. So we’ll always spend time with the customer set and see what they’re seeing. But from our current view, I think we have a strong opportunity to continue to grow the Data Center business into 2023. And our view is we have an expanding portfolio as well. In addition to Genoa, we have our Bergamo, which is a cloud optimized capability as well that’s coming online early next year. So there is a lot of new products that are supporting sort of our growth ambitions.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is live.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For my first question, your larger competitor now has a very sort of publicly admitted push out on their own server product. Does that make you feel like better for what you see for your Genoa ramp, especially as we get into 2023? Is it stronger than you may have seen it previously? And I guess if that’s the case, it sounds like you were still a little bit supply constrain on server in general in Q2. Do you have the supply as we go into next year to upside on that number if the orders actually do get stronger in the wake of the Sapphire Rapids delay?
Lisa Su: Sure, Stacy. Thanks for the question. So we’re very focused on our own product ramp. And certainly, the key for us was to continue to work very closely with our customers to get them to ramp as fast as possible. I think in Genoa looks very good. We’ve gotten very strong feedback from the customer set. The performance looks very good. There’s a lot of interest to ramp quickly on both the cloud, as well as some of the high-end enterprise stuff. So we feel very good about it. And to your question about supply, we have spent basically the last 12 months building our capacity across the world to support the type of growth that we think the product can handle. So there is a large step-up in supply that we expect to see over the next four, five quarters. And I think we’ll continue to work on that.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. For my follow-up, I wanted to dig a little bit more into the implied Q4 outlook. Again, I know you answered some questions on some of the drivers into Q4. But if I look at it, it’s taken at the dead midpoint it’s something like a 7% sequential increase from Q3 to Q4 with gross margins going up about 100 bps to 55%. I guess, of that increase, is it fair to say that the bulk of it continues to be Data Center and may be Embedded? The gross margins to me would suggest that, that’s probably the case. But any more further color you could give us on the magnitude of what’s driving that increase would be helpful. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes. I think, Stacy, the bulk of the increase is certainly led by the Data Center and the Embedded segments. Actually, our Embedded segment has performed really well. Very pleased with the growth that we’re seeing there. And then in terms of the margin, it very much is a mix within the business as well. So the pluses and minuses are, yes, Data Center and Embedded are up, but the mix of data center is a little bit more to Cloud than Enterprise, and Embedded a bit more from communications than some of the other markets. But Overall, the 7% increase, I think, is very well supported given all of the new product ramps that we have going on in addition to some additional supply that’s coming in as we get into the fourth quarter. And just as a reminder, it’s also a 14-week quarter for us in Q4. And so, all those things give us sort of the implied guide.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Forgot about the 14-week. Got it. Thank you so much, that’s helpful.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Ross Seymore: Hi, thanks for letting me ask a question and congrats on the solid results, especially in this environment and Laura, congratulations on your retirement. Lisa, I want to dig a little bit into the Gaming business. You obviously have the two parts of that: the client GPUs and the game console side of things. It seems like there are very different dynamics happening there. So when you talked about the – I believe you said the client GPU side would be down year-over-year in the third quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about what’s happening there? Is that just a reflection of the PC market or is there any sort of share gains, product issues going on? And then the semi-custom color, you sounded like it’s going to remain strong for the rest of the year. So is there – is that just the fourth year of the ramp or the third year, I guess, it would be – or is there some sort of seasonal effect we should appreciate as well?
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Ross. Thanks for the question. So our Gaming business is the two halves of the sort of the discrete graphics or the consumer graphics and then our Game Console business. So I would say that on the semi-custom side, let’s take that first. The Console business has been very strong. So I would say it’s a strong cycle. Overall, we were more supply constrained in sort of last year into the first half of this year. We’ve been able to get additional supply for that. I think there’s continued belief that it’s a strong cycle for the consoles. We expect consoles to peak in the third quarter, and then the normal seasonality would see a decline in the fourth quarter. As it relates to the consumer graphics, I would say that as we entered this year, we were coming off of a very strong 2021 for consumer graphics where gaming demand was very high, we have seen a slowdown here in the second quarter, and we expect that is somewhat due to sort of demand now – sort of the supply now and more supply versus demand, as well as some of the macro issues as it relates to consumer spending. We do expect, as we go into the fourth quarter, though, that we’ll see some sequential increase in that business because we’ll have new products that are launching in that timeframe. So those are the puts and takes. I think overall, as a segment, we continue to believe Gaming is a long-term secular driver. There are some sort of short-term dynamics here in the PC market that we’re dealing with. But I think the fact that the Game Consoles have performed so well is a positive for the segment.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for all that color. I guess, for my follow-up, switching over to the gross margin side of things. You guys have done an amazing job on that, and Xilinx obviously helps raise the bar as well. As we look forward, I know you have a long-term target of 57%, can you just talk about if supply becomes looser? And I know you have areas that are loosening and areas that are tight simultaneously. But can you talk about the cost inflation you’re feeling? Do you think that will lessen at all next year? And kind of how do we think about the March from the 55 you seem to be exiting this year at to the 57. What’s the sort of timetable and the drivers of that increase?
Lisa Su: Well, I think, Ross, what I would say is the business is certainly getting to scale across the board. So the increase in margins as we go forward in the long-term model really is as a result of mix. So what we’ve said is that we believe the Data Center and Embedded businesses can get to over 50% of the company. We’re right now sitting probably in the low 40s, and we expect Data Center, in particular, to grow faster than the rest of the company, and that will drive sort of margin expansion. It is – we’re all working on costs and trying to ensure there are some inflationary kind of costs that are out there. We’re all working on trying to keep those to a minimum. And frankly going back to the work of working on cost reductions as we do in semiconductors over time, but the primary margin expansion for us is in Data Center as well as Embedded growing sort of faster than the other businesses.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon and thanks, Laura, for the partnership down the years. Lisa, I wanted to ask a question about the server business. Obviously, the growth is very strong right now. But a lot of that business continues to be driven by the engagements that you’ve had and continue to build out with cloud. As we look forward over the next, I mean you had talked in some of your script about how you guys were preparing for continued growth in the Server business over the next four, six, eight quarters. And the roadmap is going to diversify some next year with Bergamo and Ciena and Genoa X seeming to launch on top of the Genoa platform. And I wonder you give some color on how the relationships and engagements are going in enterprise and in the telco wireless space as well? I am just trying to get a gauge of how quickly the server business can grow through diversification, not just continued share gains with cloud. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Sure, Matt. So definitely, I think our focus – we love the progress that we are making in cloud, and we are going to continue to earn every amount of share that we can there. On the enterprise side, as we have always said, it takes a bit longer because the sales cycles are a bit longer. We have made very nice progress with all of the top OEMs. I think the portfolios are continuing to expand. We are excited about not just the current portfolio, as you said, with Genoa, but as we expand to Genoa X at the very high end of the performance as well as Ciena that is a – that just broadens our portfolio for telco. So, our expectation is that we continue to steadily grow share in the enterprise, as well as we go through 2023 and beyond. And I think there is a broader opportunity to sell the broader AMD portfolio. We have, not just the CPU, but I think the addition of the Xilinx assets and the Pensando assets, as well as our GPU portfolio, I think all lead to the overall growth in the data center business for us.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks for that Lisa. As my follow-up, it’s a question I would normally ask Devinder, but I have gotten a few e-mails on it in the last hour. So, I figure I would go ahead and ask it. The revenue, obviously, including Xilinx, up 70% or so year-on-year, but a few people have pointed out to me that the cash flow or the free cash flow was only up a tiny bit or very, very modestly. And I wonder if you could walk us through that a little bit where the one-time items with inventory steps up with acquisitions, where maybe more investments in supply. I am just wondering what the variables are there on expanding the free cash flow leverage as we go forward. Thank you.
Devinder Kumar: Yes, I can do that. I think one is when the revenue grows a lot, there is investment needed in working capital. So, working capital numbers from an inventory and AR standpoint, they are up significantly year-on-year. We also have, as we said previously, a 3% tax rate going up to about 10%. And the cash taxes get paid. But the timing of the cash taxes sometimes is Q2. And in Q2, we did have some significant cash tax payment from a payment standpoint given the timing of payments of the Federal government. And then you have timing of shipments that does affect the free cash flow. And the last thing I will mention given the discussion, some of the questions that Lisa was asked about, supply for server and supply overall are with the share gain from the growth of the business. We are making investments in capacity from a prepayment standpoint, and those obviously require funding the suppliers, and that also has an impact on the free cash flow because that flows through the free cash flow accretion. So, this is really, if you look at it, inventory and capacity investing for growth and investing for the future.
Matt Ramsay: Investing for growth. Got it. Thanks very much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the questions. Laura, congratulations. I wish you the best. I guess for my first question, I wanted to maybe try and unpack the data center business a little bit more. I apologize to kind of continue to go there. But as I look at the trends over the last couple of quarters, and especially given the unit decline that we saw at your largest competitor in this last quarter, I am curious if you could help us appreciate the trajectory of what you are seeing from a blended overall pricing perspective within your server CPU business. Just trying to appreciate as we get into Genoa or Bergamo as we move into 2023. How should we think about the ASP trend on a blended basis within the server CPUs?
Lisa Su: Okay. So Aaron, I guess what I would say there is, Genoa has much more content than Milan, right. If you think of Milan, it’s Rome and Milan are 64 core processors. And as you get into Genoa and Bergamo, you get to 96 and 128 core. So you would expect on a per unit basis that the ASP would go up. That being the case, I think we would expect that Milan is going to coexist with Genoa and Bergamo for quite some time, just given sort of the different infrastructure and so on and so forth. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. And then just as a quick follow-up, I am curious on the data center GPU business. You talked about Frontier, I am curious about where you guys expect that business to kind of shape out for the year? Have you started to see further traction in the ability to sell your CPU plus GPU strategy more broadly? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes. So, we continue to make good progress in the data center GPU. The key there for us is to work with some of the large hyperscalers who have been very closely partnering with us on our MI200 product. I think from an overall revenue standpoint, it’s not a big contributor this year. But certainly, we would expect it to be a larger contributor in 2023 as some of those sort of initial engagements turn into more production engagements.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk a little bit to situation at Xilinx. Is that business still supply constrained? Where are you in terms of relieving those constraints? And obviously, it’s growing nicely. What’s your visibility there kind of into the first part of next year?
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Joe. So, actually, I would say that the Xilinx business has performed extremely well. The demand across all segments has been strong. And what we were able to do as we brought Xilinx into the portfolio is really make some significant improvements in the supply chain. And so we have seen a nice step up. If you were to look on a pro forma basis the Xilinx portfolio grew about 20% sequentially, which is very nice growth. As we look into the second half of the year, we are still a bit constrained in certain areas, certain parts of the Xilinx portfolio, although we continue to make good progress. And I expect additional supply to come on, especially towards the latter part of the year, into 2023. Our view of the business, again, I think the quality of the design wins, the quality of the overall – when you look – the diverse market is very strong. And so I think as we are able to continue to relieve some of those supply constraints into the second half of the year, I think see a good growth trajectory for the business.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. And then as a follow-up on – just wondering how you think about competition in microprocessors in the context of – for the last 4 years, either you or Intel has generally been constrained, Intel for a couple of years and you for the last couple of years. As those constraints ease and obviously, Intel utilization probably falls a little bit here. Could you talk about what you anticipate pricing wise? Do you think anything changes, or does this continue to be kind of a value-priced market? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Well, I think Joe, it is – I mean we always assume that it’s going to be a very competitive market. I think it depends a little bit on where you are talking about within the market. But on the data center side, what we have found is pricing is not sort of the first factor that customers are paying attention to. It’s really total cost of ownership. So, the performance and the sort of the performance per dollar equation is very important there and sort of the power efficiency. As we go into the PC market, we have deliberately focused our PC market on, let’s call it, the more premium segments. So, gaming as well as high end sort of the ultra-premium, as well as the commercial segments. And again, I think those are much more about the product. There are some parts of the PC market that are very price sensitive, like the low end. And like I said, we have tried to reduce our exposure there going forward. So, I think – I don’t think the dynamics change a lot. I think it’s always a very competitive market and the key thing there is to have a very strong roadmap.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Mark Lipacis: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to come back to the data center business. If I look at the spreadsheet that Suresh sent around with the restated data center numbers. And it looks like your data center business kind of aligns apples-to-apples to Intel’s pretty closely. It looks like you guys gained 6.6% share from Intel. And if I kind of take a guess about the pro forma contribution of Xilinx, what it would have been in Q1, it’s about 6% share gain. And that would be – I think that would be the highest share gain in that data center business that you guys ever reported even going back to 2005. Admittedly, two-thirds of that is from Intel declining. I guess since that would put you against until, I guess, in the like kind of the mid-20s, and I am curious if you think that math sounds about right to you. And I am hoping that you could because we are grouping more things together, if you could just share with us, was there any outsized contribution from Xilinx or Pensando or something like that and that, that would make that look – that might change the interpretation from what it looks like on the service because that’s a pretty big jump in share? So, that’s the first part of the question. I had a follow-up, too. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Sure, Mark. So, this is sort of the reason that we went to the new segments so that there was better visibility. I know you guys have been asking about that for a while. So, I think your math is in the ZIP code from our point of view. And we are pleased that we are gaining share. I think that was our expectation was that as the product portfolio expands, as we increase supply, as we ramp more instances across the customer set that we would see share gains. And we will continue to focus on that going forward. To your question, there was no outsized contribution. The other pieces of it that are in the segment are relatively small, and it was primarily driven by EPYC as you state.
Mark Lipacis: Okay. Great. And then the follow-up, if I may. I just wanted to come back to the visibility on this business. And I am wondering like about the kind of like the variance that you get from your cloud customers. So, I guess the scenario that I am curious about is, I imagine the cloud, a lot of the cloud companies do a lot of planning on their data center since it is central to their business. And they sign a data center lease that’s going to get built in six months. Do they – after they do that, do they come to you guys and say, hey, this is coming online. We need to get these chips from you in six months and how kind of how consistent and how tight is the variance span around the visibility that they give you guys? And that’s all I had. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes. Mark, actually it has been very helpful. I mean I think the planning that we are doing jointly with our customers has been very helpful. Much of our conversation right now, frankly, is about 2023, and ensuring that we have enough capacity for some of the build-outs that are out there. So, I would say the visibility is very good. And obviously, things can change, plus or minus here and there. But overall, I think the ZIP codes of how much growth, how much more content the customers need are very active conversations. And frankly, there have been active conversations for the past few months. I think the one positive of sort of the supply chain stuff that we have all gone through is that there is a new recognition of the need for long-term planning so that they can get their match sets and they can get their factory capacity and we can get our factory capacity in line as well. So, overall, very good visibility.
Laura Graves: Thank you, Mark. Kevin, we have time for two more questions, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and congratulations on the solid results and execution. On the ramp of Genoa back half of this year, kind of early next year, I believe the team has a total of around 20-plus SKUs across their cloud, enterprise and embedded customers. Your cloud customers obviously are anxiously awaiting these platforms. Would you be rolling out your high-volume cloud SKUs first? And what’s the qualification look like on these high-volume SKUs? Just asking because, obviously, your competitor is struggling with SKU releases, and I just want to make sure that the AMD team is executing and releasing its high-volume SKUs to your cloud customers.
Lisa Su: Sure, Harlan. So, we certainly go through a full, again, interlock with our customers. Our focus is on the high-volume cloud SKUs, as well as sort of the high-volume enterprise SKUs because there is a fairly sort of lengthy qualification cycle that’s actually in both the cloud and the enterprise. From what we see today, again, there is a strong customer pull on Genoa. And so we are working very closely with our customers, and we expect to ramp production in the fourth quarter and then into the first half of next year. And it will be different by different customers and different platforms and so on and so forth. But what we are seeing is a lot of strong engagement with our customers.
Harlan Sur: Prefect. Thank you, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thanks Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is now live.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Lisa, I just wanted to sort of double click on you keeping the full year guidance in light of the weaker PC TAM. It seems like maybe if you take the lost units and you multiply by ASP, it seems like it costs you maybe $750 million, but you kept the full year. And data center seem pretty in line. So, is really the offset that you are getting better supply at Xilinx? Is that really the story? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes. No, I wouldn’t say that, Tim. What I would say is that, again, whenever we put together full year guidance especially from the beginning of the year, we understand that not everything is going to be exactly so. So, as we look now into the second half of the year, what we are seeing is, again, data center is strong. Again, we expect data center to grow second half to first half nicely. Embedded/Xilinx will also grow to some extent, second half to first half. And the consoles will also grow as well. And so I think as we look at those components offsetting what is perhaps a more conservative PC outlook, we believe that, that offsets nicely. And again, just as a reminder, we do have a number of product ramps in the fourth quarter that are coming out in 5-nanometer, and we think that will drive sort of the sequential growth in the fourth quarter. So, I think those are some of the puts and takes in the full year guide.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome. Thank you. And then I guess last thing, Devinder, can you talk about purchase commitments? There was a question on free cash flow, and I am wondering if maybe there is a pretty big increase in purchase commitments. So, I wonder if you can talk about that. Thanks.
Devinder Kumar: I think in 2021, as I said on the Financial Day, we had about $1 billion committed and paid. And this year, it does step up a little bit, especially given all the supply that we need to get ready for 2023. And that does flow to the free cash flow. In the first half, it wasn’t so significant, but it does step up in the second half. So, it will impact that from that standpoint.
Operator: Thank you. We reached end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Laura Graves: Thank you, everyone, for your participation in today’s earnings call. As always, we appreciate your support of our company. Everybody, have a good afternoon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the AMD First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Laura Graves, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations. Laura, please go ahead.
Laura Graves: Thank you, and welcome to AMD’s first quarter 2022 financial results conference call. By now you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and accompanying slides. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. Today we will discuss AMD first quarter results including partial quarter contributions from the acquisition of Xilinx, which closed of February 14, 2022. We will also discuss AMD results on a standalone basis for the first quarter of 2022. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today’s press release and in the slides posted on our website. Participants on today’s conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Victor Peng, President of AMD’s Adaptive and Embedded Computing Group, will join us for Q&A. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note AMD will host its 2022 Financial Analyst Day on Thursday, June 9th, and our second quarter quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, June 17th. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause actual results to differ. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Lisa Su. Lisa?
Dr. Lisa Su: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. For the last several years, we have been on a journey to both scale and transform AMD. We have consistently executed our strategy, expanded our portfolio of leadership products and diversified our business, all while driving best-in-class growth. We reached a significant inflection point in our journey during the first few months of 2022, as we took several major steps that fundamentally reshape our business. In addition to delivering record financial results, we closed our strategic acquisition of Xilinx and announced our plans to acquire Pensando. The strategic importance of the Xilinx acquisition to our long-term goals cannot be overstated. As the industry’s number one provider of FPGA and adaptive computing solutions, Xilinx significantly expands our technology and product portfolio. Xilinx also adds multiple high-margin long-term revenue streams spending a new set of markets and customers, further strengthening and diversifying our business model. Importantly, Xilinx has successfully executed its own growth strategy in recent years with the increased adoption of adaptive silicon across data center, communications, automotive and other large embedded markets. With Pensando, we will further expand our data center solutions capabilities. Pensando will add a proven team that has developed an industry-leading DPU and software stack already deployed with key customers, including IBM, HPE, Microsoft, Oracle and Goldman Sachs. Pensando’s differentiated technology further expands our product portfolio and will enable AMD to innovate at the silicon, software and platform levels to deliver leadership solutions for our cloud, enterprise and edge customers. Now turning to our first quarter financial performance, we started the year very strong with record quarterly revenue and net income. First quarter revenue, including the contributions from six weeks of Xilinx, grew 71% year-over-year to a record $5.9 billion. We expanded gross margin 7 percentage points to 53% and more than doubled both operating and net income year-over-year. Excluding Xilinx, revenue grew 55% year-over-year to a record $5.3 billion, gross margin expanded 5 percentage points to 51% and operating income more than doubled to a record $1.6 billion. Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment, revenue increased 33% year-over-year to $2.8 billion, driven primarily by the ramp of our latest Ryzen and Radeon products. Client compute revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year based on higher Ryzen mobile and desktop processor sales. As a result, we believe we gained client processor revenue share for the eighth straight quarter. In Desktop, we expanded our processor portfolio with the introduction of seven new Ryzen CPUs, including the Ryzen 5800X3D, which is the industry’s fastest gaming CPU and first desktop processor featuring 3D stack triplets. In Notebooks, record mobile processor revenue was driven by the launch of our Rembrandt Ryzen 6000 mobile processors that extend the leadership compute, gaming and battery life capabilities of our mobile processors. In Commercial, we recently introduced our latest Ryzen 6000 PRO processors with leadership performance and battery life and modern security and manageability features. We are well positioned to accelerate our growth in commercial notebooks in 2022 based on the expanded number of design wins on track to launch. Although, the PC market is experiencing some softness coming off multiple quarters of near-record unit shipments, our focus remains on the premium, gaming and commercial portions of the market where we see strong growth opportunities and we expect to continue gaining overall client revenue share. In Graphics, revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year, with record desktop graphics channel sales. Desktop GPU sales nearly doubled year-over-year, as sales of our Radeon 6000 series graphics cards were strong. In Mobile, the first notebooks featuring our latest Radeon 6000 mobile GPUs launched in the quarter, and we expect sales to ramp over the coming quarters. Data center graphics revenue was flat year-over-year as we launched our Instinct MI210 accelerators. We expanded our engagements with large cloud customers in the quarter and launched our ROCm 5.0 software suite targeting exoscale-class, HPC and AI applications. Turning to our Enterprise Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, revenue increased 88% year-over-year to $2.5 billion, driven by record server, Semi-Custom and Embedded processor sales. Semi-Custom sales grew by a significant double-digit percentage year-over-year based on strong demand for Sony and Microsoft consoles, as well as Valve’s new Steam Deck. Sales for this game console generation continued to outpace all prior generations and we expect 2022 to be a record year for our Semi-Custom business. Turning to our Embedded business, revenue more than doubled year-over-year led by growth in automotive. We also secured multiple design wins in next-generation security and firewall devices from Tier 1 networking providers. Turning to Server, we had another record quarter as revenue more than doubled year-over-year and increased by a double-digit percentage sequentially. We have more than doubled Server processor revenue year-over-year in eight of the last 10 quarters, highlighting the growing demand for our EPYC processors with cloud, enterprise and HPC customers. Cloud revenue more than doubled year-over-year as hyperscalers expanded their internal infrastructure deployments, and 70 new AMD-powered instances launched from Alibaba, Amazon, Baidu Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Google and others. There are now more than 460 AMD-based cloud instances available from the largest hyperscalers, with additional instances on track to launch in the coming quarters. In Enterprise, revenue more than doubled year-over-year with strong growth in key verticals including IT infrastructure, financial services and database applications. Our sales pipeline continues to be very strong and we saw our win rate grow in the first quarter across a broad set of Enterprise end customers. We launched our first EPYC processors with 3D stacked chiplets in the quarter. This technology extends our performance leadership in technical computing workloads by up to 66% compared to our prior generation. Atos, Cisco, Dell, HPE, Lenovo and Supermicro all launched Servers featuring the new CPUs in the quarter. Excitement for our next-generation Genoa server processors continues to grow, as we expanded customer and partnering sampling in the quarter. We expect Genoa will be the industry’s highest performance general-purpose server CPU, further extending the performance, energy efficiency and TCO advantages of our EPYC processors. We remain on track to launch Genoa in the second half of the year and expect to continue our share gain trajectory based on expanded cloud, enterprise and HPC customer adoption. In addition, development of our higher core count Bergamo processors optimized for high-throughput cloud workloads continues to progress well with shipments on track to begin in the first half of 2023. Turning to the Xilinx business, for the six weeks following acquisition close, Xilinx revenue was $559 million. On a pro forma basis for the full quarter, Xilinx delivered its fourth straight quarter of greater than 20% year-over-year revenue growth and the second straight quarter of greater than $1 billion of revenue. In Data Center, first quarter demand was led by expanded FPGA as a service and smartNIC deployments at Tier 1 hyperscalers, as well as low-latency network solutions with fintech companies. We saw strength in Communications led by wired demand and access and optical transport. In wireless, Versal based 5G deployments continued ramping in multiple regions and we secured a strategic design win with a Tier 1 communications equipment provider to power their next-gen baseband solutions with the Versal ACAP solution. We saw strong demand across the Xilinx Embedded markets led by record pro forma full quarter revenue in automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare and consumer. Looking forward, we see very strong demand across all the Xilinx end markets and are focused on increasing supply. Turning to our integration work, in the first few months since close, we have seen tremendous excitement from our customers, partners and employees, and we expect to see significant product and revenue synergies. We now have the best portfolio of high performance and adaptive computing engines in the industry, and we see multiple opportunities to leverage our expanded technology portfolio to deliver even stronger products. As one example, we are integrating Xilinx’s differentiated AI engine across our CPU product portfolio to enable industry-leading inference capabilities, with the first products expected in 2023. We have also identified significant additional revenue synergy opportunities with some of our largest customers, as we can now address a larger portion of their compute needs with our expanded product portfolio. In summary, the start of 2022 is a significant inflection point for AMD, marked by record top and bottomline financial results, driven by our leadership product portfolio and strong execution and the close of our Xilinx acquisition. We have now delivered greater than 45% year-over-year revenue growth for seven straight quarters and increased net income by more than 60% year-over-year for the last ten quarters. Based on higher AMD organic growth, as well as the addition of Xilinx with strong demand across multiple end markets, we now expect annual revenue to grow by approximately 60% year-over-year, up from approximately 31% growth we guided at the beginning of the year. Longer term, I am incredibly excited about our additional growth opportunities as we add the Xilinx and Pensando teams. We now see a significantly larger TAM opportunity for AMD across a diverse set of end markets based on our broad a portfolio of leadership compute engines and expanded solutions capabilities. I look forward to sharing more about the products and technologies that will enable the next stage of our growth journey at Financial Analyst Day in June. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our first quarter financial performance. Devinder?
Devinder Kumar: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. The first quarter was an excellent start to the year with strong demand for our legacy products resulting in record quarterly revenue, continued gross margin expansion, record profitability and record cash flow generation. In addition, we are very pleased to have closed the Xilinx transaction and announced our intention to acquire Pensando. First quarter consolidated revenue was $5.9 billion, up 71% from a year ago, driven by significant growth across all businesses and the inclusion of Xilinx revenue for the partial period. Excluding the Xilinx contribution, AMD revenue was $5.3 billion, up 55% from a year ago with Data Center revenue doubling year-over-year. Gross margin was 53%, up 660 basis points from a year ago, driven by higher server processor revenue and high margin Xilinx revenue. Gross margin for AMD excluding Xilinx was 51%, up 480 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by higher Server processor revenue. Operating expenses were $1.3 billion compared to $830 million a year ago as we increased investments in our long-term product roadmaps to support the future growth of our business. Operating income more than doubled from a year ago to a record $1.8 billion, up $1.1 billion, primarily driven by significant revenue growth and higher gross margin. Operating margin was 31%, up from 22% a year ago. Net income was a record $1.6 billion, up $947 million from a year ago. Diluted earnings per share was $1.13 per share, compared to $0.52 per share a year ago. Now turning to first quarter business segment results. Computing and Graphics segment revenue was $2.8 billion, up 33% year-over-year, driven by higher client and graphics processor revenue. Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $723 million or 26% of revenue, compared to $485 million or 23% of revenue a year ago. The increase in operating income was driven primarily by higher revenue partially offset by higher operating expenses. Enterprise Embedded and Semi-Custom segment revenue was $2.5 billion, up 88% from $1.3 billion in the prior year. The strong revenue increase was driven by higher Server, Semi-Custom and Embedded revenue. EESC segment operating income grew significantly to $881 million or 35% of revenue compared to $277 million or 21% of revenue a year ago. The higher operating income and margin were driven by increased revenue, richer product mix and an $83 million licensing gain. Xilinx revenue for the partial quarter was $559 million with operating income of $233 million or 42% of revenue. On a pro forma basis for the full quarter, Xilinx generated over $1 billion of revenue, up 22% compared to a year ago, with growth across all Xilinx major end market categories. We are on track to achieve our cost synergy goals for the acquisition and expect the addition of Xilinx to be accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share for 2022. Turning to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $6.5 billion at the end of the first quarter. We deployed $1.9 billion to repurchase common stock in the first quarter. To-date, we have utilized $3.7 billion of our initial $4 billion stock repurchase program. We also announced a new $8 billion share repurchase program during the quarter. In total we had $8.3 billion in remaining authorization at the end of the first quarter. Quarterly free cash flow was a record $924 million, compared to $832 million in the same quarter last year and $736 million in the prior quarter. We successfully executed a five-year $3 billion sustainability-linked credit facility to replace our existing $500 million facility. This further demonstrates our commitment to our corporate ESG goals. Inventory was $2.4 billion, up $436 million from the prior quarter due to the addition of Xilinx inventory. Before I turn to our financial outlook, let me cover our financial segment reporting. Beginning with the second quarter of fiscal 2022, we plan to change our segment reporting to the following four segments, Data Center, Client, Gaming and Embedded, which will align our financial reporting with our strategic end markets. I look forward to sharing further details with you at our Financial Analyst Day. Today’s outlook is based on current expectations and contemplates the current global supply environment and customer demand signals. For the second quarter of 2022, we expect revenue to be approximately $6.5 billion, plus or minus $200 million, an increase of approximately 69% year-over-year and approximately 10% quarter-over-quarter. The year-over-year increase is expected to be driven by the addition of Xilinx revenue plus higher Server, Semi-Custom and Client revenue. The quarter-over-quarter increase is expected to be primarily driven by Xilinx revenue plus higher server revenue. In addition for Q2 2022, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 54%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.56 billion or 24% of revenue, non-GAAP interest expense taxes and other to be approximately $270 million based on a 13% effective tax rate and the diluted share count to be approximately 1.64 billion shares. For the full year 2020, we now expect revenue to be approximately $26.3 billion, an increase of approximately 60% driven by Xilinx and higher Server and Semi-Custom revenue. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 54%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately 24% of revenue, non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 13%, and non-GAAP cash tax to be approximately 10% due primarily to U.S. tax requirement to capitalize R&D and the full utilization of our U.S. net operating losses and tax credits in 2022. Fiscal year 2022 will be a 53-week year and include an additional week in the fourth quarter. In closing, we had an excellent start to 2022 with strong revenue growth across all businesses. We are pleased to have completed the Xilinx acquisition, which strengthens our business model with revenue diversification, accretive gross margin and increased cash generation. We are very delighted to welcome the Xilinx team to AMD. Looking ahead, AMD is very well-positioned for long-term growth, margin expansion and cash generation, driven by our leadership products and roadmaps. With that, I will turn the call back over to Laura to begin the Q&A portion of our call. Laura?
Laura Graves: Thank you very much, Devinder. Operator, we are ready to go ahead and begin our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much, everybody. Good afternoon. Congratulations, Lisa, on obviously getting Xilinx closed and the strong results. I guess there’s a lot going on from a macro perspective in the markets that you serve and then the supply chains, Lisa. So, I mean, the first half of the year I think you’re doing, I don’t know 54%, 55% organic growth in the first quarter. Maybe you could talk me through a bit the puts and takes in the quarter. I think there’s a perception that you have additional supply coming online. There’s obviously supply constraints and lockdowns in China, your server business doing extraordinarily well in the numbers that you just printed and then maybe some perception of the softening in the PC market. So there’s a lot going on and I kind of love you to walk me through the puts and takes for the quarter if you could? Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question. So we did have a very strong first quarter. There is a lot going on without a doubt in the business. I would say, if you look at the strength in our business in the first quarter, it was really broad-based. So, very, very strong server results. We continue to gain share, we continue to bring more supply online. There also are very strong results in our Semi-Custom or game console business, as well as in the client and graphics businesses. There is some softness in the PC market, but we had for the last number of quarters actually been shifting our mix to the higher end or the more premium segments of the PC market. And so that’s where more of our exposure is. And we actually saw a significant growth in our PC business sequentially as we started ramping our Ryzen 6000 notebooks and that resulted in strong ASP growth, as well as just our key market segments of Premium, Commercial and Gaming being covered there. As we go forward, obviously, all of the things that you talked about are in play. That being the case, I think, we have managed through the supply situations very well. We continue to work with our customers and ensure that we are optimizing our builds to their build and with the addition of Xilinx we also have another set of end markets that have very strong demand that are all additive to our business.
Matt Ramsay: Yeah. Thank you for that, Lisa. I appreciate all the color. I guess as my follow-up question I wanted to examine the full year guidance that you have given. Obviously, it includes Xilinx, so it’s a little bit apples and oranges from last year. But I think in the press release, you guys mentioned that you expect some upside from the original 31% organic growth guidance. If you have any comments on magnitude there that would be helpful? And then I think just what investors would love to hear from you is maybe your view on the Data Center CapEx spending environment and also on the PC market. I think you guys have been maybe a bit more conservative than some of your competition in your market commentary about PCs maybe being flattish coming into this year. I imagine there’s some new puts and takes to that. So just some thoughts on how you guys constructed the guidance for the year, especially relative to the original 31% would be really helpful? Thank you very much.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So lots of questions in there, Matt. So, but let me try to go through them. So first, on the full year 2022 guide, it is a significant increase in guidance, up 60%. There are a couple pieces to that. On the organic side of the AMD business, we originally guided up 31% based on what we saw in the market in January. As we look at the market now and our own sort of customer and supply situation, we see that organic growth higher into the mid-30%s. That’s primarily driven by very strong demand in our server business, very strong demand in our console or Semi-Custom business, additional supply coming online. We have taken a bit more of a conservative perspective on the PC market. Again, I think the softness is in certain parts of the market, it’s not in all parts of the market and our focus is on where we add the most value in the market and that is in the Premium segments. In terms of the Xilinx piece of it, the full year addition of three-and-a-half quarters of Xilinx is a significant add. On a pro forma basis, the Xilinx business is also growing very well and it’s growing sort of like in the low 20%s if you consider full-year compared to calendar year 2021. So, overall, I think, we have a broad base set of growth drivers and multiple levers for growth as we go through the year and we continue to work on -- working with our customers on where the demand is and ensuring that we are satisfying that demand.
Matt Ramsay: I appreciate the color, Lisa. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you for taking the question and congrats on the strong results and completing the acquisition as well. I had two questions myself. I guess first on the supply chain situation, Lisa, obviously, there’s a lot going on in terms of wafer supply and substrates and now the China lockdowns. What are some of the bigger pain points for you and to the extent the China lockdowns are impacting your business directly or indirectly, are you assuming any impact to revenue and profitability in the second quarter?
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure. Toshiya, thanks for the question. So on the supply environment, we have been working on this really for the last 18 months. We have made a lot of progress on both the wafer side and significant investments on the substrates. I would say that, we continue to get sort of very good support from our suppliers. That’s one of the reasons we can increase our guidance the way it is. From an overall, you mentioned the China COVID situation. From our standpoint, we haven’t had any significant impact on our own shipments and our own supply chain. We have been working with some customers that have had some customer build delays and that is contemplated in our second quarter guidance. We are going to continue to work on supply optimization with the addition of Xilinx, some of the, let’s call it, more mature notes, 16-nanometer and above wafer supply is still somewhat constrained. We are working with sort of the larger scale of AMD to try to bring more supply on board there, as well as continuing to ramp our overall capacity to support a very strong sort of next few quarters. Hopefully, that answered your supply questions.
Toshiya Hari: Yeah. For sure. Thank you. And then my second question, my follow-up question was on the Data Center business. It’s great to hear that you have decided to re-segment your business. So thank you for that. I am curious how meaningful Data Center was as a percentage of revenue in the quarter, Server CPU, Data Center GPU and now FPGAs from Xilinx. And I guess more importantly, how are you thinking about the medium- to long-term opportunity in both your classic Data Center GPU business, as well as the FPGA business. I think in Data Center GPU, you mentioned that it was flat in the quarter, but you also talked about being engaged with more cloud customers, so curious what you are seeing there. And then on the FPGA side, I think, Victor and team, prior to the deal announcement, was pretty vocal about the long-term growth opportunity there as well. So any update from your perspective would be great. Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Right. Okay. So, again, a few pieces to that. Let me try to give you some color and then maybe Victor will add on the FPGA side. So in terms of, yes, we are going to change our segment reporting, as Devinder said, as of the second quarter to be -- to give you more alignment to the markets. In terms of this quarter for the pieces that you mention on higher revenues, the data center for those pieces was, let’s call it, low 20s percentage of our overall revenue. And then in terms of the longer term Data Center picture, we are incredibly excited about the opportunity in Data Center. When you look at the pieces we have for now, I mean, the CPU franchise is very strong, continuing to get stronger. We are excited with how Genoa looks and how Bergamo looks and sort of the engagements with customers there. We are excited about the GPU portfolio as well. GPUs for us are a longer-term sort of roadmap, similar to what we did on the CPU side. We had been more focused on, let’s call it, supercomputing and HPC, so that was strong for us last year and that’s why we are flattish year-on-year. We are very engaged on the AI front now continuing our investments in our software stack and working with cloud guys to optimize our software stack. And then moving onto FPGAs and then also our adaptive SoCs and then the Pensando acquisition. I think what we now have is just an incredibly strong portfolio when we are dealing with whether you are talking about the largest cloud hyperscalers or you are talking about enterprise and then with Pensando and Xilinx, it also gives us exposure to the edge as well. And so we have all the compute engines and are able to optimize that. So I think you should expect to hear a lot more from us in the Data Center certainly at our Financial Analyst Day, but really strong opportunities there. Maybe, Victor, you want to add on some of that?
Victor Peng: Yeah. I think you covered well. The only thing I would add is just again I think not only do we have a really broad portfolio of all the compute engines, but we are doubling down on the networking side, right, since we have strength in that and smartNIC and then with Pensando the kind of solutions that we could provide to customers in the overall infrastructure, right? It’s not about point things. It’s about the total solution. And as you probably know, scale-out in just a lot of these applications, you could be throttled by the network. So we really can optimize all this. And the customers really want optimizes customized solutions, and I think, that’s what we could do with both the former Xilinx, smartNIC, as well as Pensando even going further.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you for all the details.
Dr. Lisa Su: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Lisa, my first one is on the server market. Milan helped you take and continues to help you take a lot of share in the market. I am curious, what’s the state of play in front of the next-gen Genoa versus the Sapphire Rapids server cycle from two perspectives? First, just from the industry adoption of DDR5, can that be a bottleneck to adoption of these next-generation servers? And second perspective is that you will have two different flavors of Genoa with the cloud optimized version coming later. So just give us your sense of how this next generation cycle plays out versus the very strong success you had been in Malan so far?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Absolutely, Vivek. So the way I think about it is the data center market and particularly in servers, people are getting much more optimized for workloads and so there are different flavors and we see that even in Milan today with Milan and our Milan-X, X3D or the X3D we introduced. And so I think it’s natural for these solutions to sit side-by-side. I think as you go into Genoa, the next-generation platform, we would expect, again, the adoption -- there’s a lot of excitement on Genoa and there’s a lot of customer demand for Genoa. I do expect that Genoa will sit again side-by-side with Milan for quite some time, because you are not going to move the infrastructure instantaneously over. And then when you think about Bergamo, which is the cloud optimized, I think, that will be more specific for specific large hyperscalers who have the need for, let’s call it, a more performance per dollar, performance per watt solution. So the way to think about this, Vivek, is as our business has grown, we can invest more broadly and that will give us just a more optimized solution for our customer’s TAMs.
Vivek Arya: Very helpful. And then, Lisa, my second question. I have two or three interrelated questions on the PC market. So what is your new sense of what the PC TAM can be this year versus what you thought before? And then I think as part of that, your competitors have mentioned several times they are back in the market with Alder Lake and they are taking a lot of share. So I am wondering what you have seen there. And then, finally, what’s your share of the Commercial market today versus what it was last year? So, just something on TAM competition and Commercial exposure? Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure. So, Vivek, when we kind of started the year, we were thinking that the PC TAM could be flat to, let’s call it, down, let’s call it, low mid-single digits. I think given how we have started this year and then some of the other things in the market, we are taking a more conservative approach to the PC TAM. So for our modeling for the full year guidance we are modeling something like down high-single digits. Now a lot of things can happen between now and then. So I would say that I think that’s a good place for us to model. Within that, we have always been very focused on where we can add the most value and the Premium segments. Ryzen 6000, our Rembrandt product is extremely well positioned from a battery life or performance standpoint. We have a number of Commercial very good systems that are in the process of being launched. I think we are excited about that. To your question about Commercial share, we are still underrepresented in the Commercial market and we know that, and that’s a focus area for us. I think, overall, from a market share standpoint, we believe we are focused in the right segments and so even under the backdrop of, let’s call it, a softer PC market that we will -- we can continue to expect to gain revenue share in the process and that’s sort of our overall strategy. So I think the other piece of it is, we have so many levers in the business now as we go forward. I think the strength in the business is really looking at the overall Data Center portfolio, the PC portfolio, the Gaming portfolio and the Xilinx portfolio together. There are lots of levers for growth, and as we go through this year, we see that being very helpful.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is now live.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one, I wanted to ask about data centers. So it more than doubled last year, more than doubled again this quarter. Do you guys have the supply available to double that business again for the full year, like if you can get and I guess if the supply is there, do you think it can be fulfilled?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Stacy, I think, the data center business, particularly the Server CPU business, continues to be very strong for us. I am not going to proclaim a certain will it double every quarter. I can say that we expect to grow very strongly over the next few quarters. And we are continuing to bring on additional supply to do that. The demand is there and it really is about continuing to work with our customers on that. But I think our confidence level in Data Center growth is very high.
Stacy Rasgon: Thank you. For my follow up, I wanted to ask just a quick question on PC. So in the context of the PC market TAM that you see down our modeling, down high-single digits, given your mix shifts and your share gains, do think you can actually grow your client revenues year-over-year in 2022 for the full year?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes, Stacy. We are expecting that we will grow client revenues on a year-over-year basis in that time environment and we continue to mix shift to, let’s call it, the more Premium segments and so it’s a revenue share statement.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. But it’s fair to say much more of year-over-year revenue growth is things like Servers and putting Xilinx aside for a minute, Data Center and Servers and consoles more than client?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. That is true. But our expectation though is, we have a number of growth drivers in the business, but in terms of what has allowed us to increase the full year guide from an organic standpoint, it is a strong visibility in Server, strong visibility on the console side, strong visibility just from an overall supply and demand perspective.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the questions. I will stick to two if I can. I guess my first question as we think about the Server market and your share gains, but more importantly, we also think about the proliferation or expansion of the product portfolio. I am curious just what you are seeing from a competitive perspective and your thoughts around continuing to mix higher in terms of the Server market thinking about the blended ASP trends in your Server business. How should we think about that as we think about Milan-X, Genoa, I guess Bergamo thereafter, just that trend looking forward?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Aaron, obviously it depends on the mix between Cloud and Enterprise, but in general as we offer more value, let’s call it, more performance, more capability, we would expect our ASP to mix up and in any given quarter, it’s more of what is the Cloud versus Enterprise mix. But, look, I am very pleased with the fact that we are growing both Cloud and Enterprise very substantially. So I think that tells you that we are growing it across the entire Server market and we are going to continue to, let’s call it, optimize products so that one of our customers get more capability and we get more value for our technology.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. And then the second quick question is, on the capacity discussion, I am curious as you bring Xilinx into the model. You scale the business going forward. How could we think about flexibility from a perspective of capacity? If PC slow down, can your capacity be fungible and move that capacity over to Servers or even Xilinx capacity into Server CPUs? I am just curious of how we should think about that ability to mix across product segments as you think about your wafer capacity agreements.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Aaron, the way to think about that is, so both the Xilinx portfolio and sort of the organic AMD portfolio do use TSMC. So we are complementary there as our primary wafer supplier. We use very similar substrate suppliers as well. The Xilinx portfolio tends to be on more mature nodes although there is some 7-nanometer of the majority of the portfolio is on 60-nanometer and above. So I would say, there’s not much fungibility there. However, on the backend, on the substrate side, there is very good fungibility across the portfolio. And from the standpoint of overall supply, I think, you have heard from Devinder, we have invested significantly over the last 18 months in sort of securing the supply capacity and we are seeing it come online and that’s again what I’d like to do is as you see it come online that’s when it will go into our revenue forecast. But I feel very good about the progress that we are making and we are continued to dimension the company for just a much larger business and so it’s a lot of supply that we are bringing online. And we are working very much with Victor and his team as well, because he has strong backlog and strong demand and we are looking to use all of the AMD assets to also accelerate some of his builds.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and congratulations on the solid results in closing the acquisition. Lisa, the team has done a great job of supporting all the major enterprise workloads on your latest generation EPYC and driving strong winds on the enterprise side with all of the OEM Server guides out there. I am just wondering, how much of the strength in the Server business is being driven by the strong Enterprise design win traction? And given your pipeline of wins and orders, how big will Enterprise be as a percent of your Server business maybe exiting this year?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So -- Harlan, thanks. So we have made great progress on the Cloud side, so we have strong adoption on internal, as well as external-facing workloads. We have also made strong progress on the enterprise. I mean, as you said, all major OEMs have EPYC throughout the portfolio. And in this past quarter, and in general, we have grown the Enterprise business about at the same pace as the Cloud business. We are still Cloud-weighted, but I believe that it’s going to be fairly balanced growth across both portfolios.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. And then maybe a question for you or for Victor, but when I think about the Embedded markets, auto, industrial, aerospace and defense, comm, infrastructure, consumer, just given the strong market position here by Xilinx, I mean, they are in a good position to catalyze. EPYC’s attached to catalyze. Ryzen attached to their FPGA solution. So maybe Victor can help us understand like what percentage of Xilinx FPGA solutions in the Embedded market sits next to either an x86 or high-performance ARM processor, because I think that the processor opportunity in Embedded is much larger than the FPGA opportunity and I believe that Embedded is a pretty small percentage of overall business for AMD, so pretty big opportunity, but wanted to get your views.
Victor Peng: Yeah. Maybe I will take this one. I agree with you actually. One of the things of the many things that’s really exciting since we joined AMD is we have done some customer visits and they are really excited about exactly that point. We have a broader portfolio in processors and even in some areas in the GPUs is also of great interest. The Embedded business at AMD has been selling APUs and Embedded versions of both the Server, as well as the Client kind of products. And now with the FPGAs and the adaptive SoCs we have, we really can give a much more complete solution. And so that is differently on the menu of things in terms of revenue synergies which we will discuss more at the Financial Analyst Day. But we are really excited about what we have even with the existing products and then we are really working on our roadmap for creating more value going forward. So it’s a great observation.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Mark Lipacis: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Lisa, I think, maybe an easier way for investors to have thought about AMD historically, particular more recently is, you have been successful in delivering Server CPUs for data processing in the Data Center. And I think people or at least I have, thought about Xilinx historically doing networking and communications solutions for base stations, as well as Data Centers, and they have kind of moved into this adaptive computing mode where they are doing more data processing also. And I wonder, you have seen other companies with general-purpose computing solutions kind of add a communications capability. And I am wondering, is there an opportunity for more data processing at the network edge, like say at the base station where Xilinx has historically been really strong? And do you think the solutions, the architecture that you would have at the base station for the combination of data and communications network processing, do think that ultimately looks very similar to what you see deep in the hyperscale Data Centers deep in the Cloud?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Mark. So I think the answer is, yes, and maybe I will generalize it a bit more. We are a big believer. I mean, the whole strategy behind AMD is to have the best sort of compute engines and then put them together sort of in solutions for specific end markets. So I think our CPUs, GPUs, the FPGAs, the adaptive SoCs and then the DPU that we are adding from Pensando give us just a tremendous range of capability. So to your specific question and sort of Comms Infrastructure, I definitely think there’s a strong opportunity there. As Victor mentioned, we have been to a number of our joint large customers, and there is absolute interest in trying to put these solutions together. And more broadly though, I think what we see in terms of growth going forward that there will be more customization around solutions for large -- for these large customers, whether it’s Cloud customers or large telcos or even some edge opportunities. And having these compute engines will allow us to basically optimize those solutions together. So we look forward to telling you sort of a lot more about sort of how we are thinking about these roadmaps as we go into our financial Analyst Day in June.
Mark Lipacis: And a follow up, if I may. How -- as you develop those more customized solutions for your larger customers, how important is it to have your own software ecosystem versus to kind of pull everything together versus to kind of rely more on the open source community or other players for that software layer to sit on top of that? That’s all I had. Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. Mark, so the software is very, very important. And software across all of those engines is important and Xilinx comes with a very strong software stack. We have our own software stack. You will see is unify that and that will be an important part of our roadmap going forward. And to your open-source point, we do believe in open-source. We think collaboration is an important part of the ecosystem as well. So, all of those are things that we are working on to provide more complete solutions for our customers.
Mark Lipacis: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for letting me ask a question. Congrats on the strong quarter and closing the Xilinx deal. Lisa, just a lot of moving parts, you have said that a bunch of times, so forgive me if I dive into them a little bit. As we think about your second quarter guide, I just wanted to get some of the moving parts that you are assuming there. Take out the Xilinx side or just give you the full quarter of and the little bit of guidance there. It looks like the core AMD is growing low-single digits sequentially. You have mentioned about the PC side seeing some weakness. You have talked about that a bunch and then the strength on the Server on the Semi-Custom side. So any sort of color about the puts and takes to get you that organic growth?
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure. Ross, thanks for the question. So for the second quarter in particular, the second quarter guide is driven by sort of one is the full quarter of the Xilinx business and strength in our server business primarily as we see the second quarter. There are other puts and takes, I would call them, on the smaller side of that. If you recall, I mean if you think about whether you think about the PC business or the gaming business, they tend to be more second half-weighted, so the second quarter doesn’t tend to be a strong quarter for those businesses and so that’s not the driver of the sequential increase.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. And I guess a similar question, a perfect segue in your answer there, when I think about the full year guide, obviously, incredibly impressive. You talked about the organic increases. It looks like, especially with that extra week, that you are kind of going up low or mid-to-high single digits in one of those quarters and kind of flattish after that just to get to the full year. So similar sort of question. What are the puts and takes there? Is the PC seasonality something you are kind of leaning against a little bit relative to the high single-digit drop you have talked about where you guys will still grow but maybe not as fast as in years past given that backdrop or is there something else that plateaus out in the second half?
Dr. Lisa Su: I am not sure that I see a quote-unquote plateau, Ross, so I wouldn’t say that. What I would say though is if I give you sort of the puts and takes of the second half of the year, that the -- again, we expect that the server business will continue to grow, as we said, good visibility there. We expect the console business to grow in the second half versus first half also. That’s typical seasonality. Typical seasonality in PCs would also have the second half higher than the first half. I think we are modeling for a little bit sub seasonal, just given sort of all the puts and takes in the market there. And then we expect the Xilinx business to also grow in the second half as more supply comes online given the strong demand. So if you see all those pieces, I don’t think there’s a plateau. I think it’s a continued improvement as we see, one, strong demand and also more supply coming online in the second half of the year.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that and apologies for the plateau word.
Dr. Lisa Su: No one ever apologizes to me. So that’s really nice, Ross.
Laura Graves: Operator, we will take two more questions please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is now live.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. My first question is really around Semi-Custom. The rest of the business has been asked quite a bit. So I guess my question on Semi-Custom is, Lisa, do think that it can be a $4 billion business this year? It sounds like it could get pretty close maybe to get there? And I guess also as part of that question, I think, you were thinking next year would be an up year also for Semi-Custom. But given some of the consumer uncertainty, do you still think that it can be up next year? And then I had a second question. Thanks.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Tim. So without going into the exact numbers, I would say, the Semi-Custom business is a strong growth driver. We have -- we work with these customers very closely. We have good views of where they think the demand is. We are still in a place, if you were to look into the retail channel, you would say that the demand is underserved today in the Semi-Custom business and their real build is towards holiday. So the answer is we do believe that Semi-Custom will be at a record for us this year. We have more content. We also have the Valve Steam Deck that also has gotten very strong reviews and is ramping as we go into the second half of the year. And then on 2023, I do believe that 2023 will be another strong year for Semi-Custom and would be up. And again, if you look at the history of these ramps, it’s really around the fourth year that you see -- that you really see the business kind of hit its peak. In addition to that, just knowing some of the game releases that are -- from a software standpoint that are coming out, there are -- there is -- obviously there’s a good line of software also and [ph] expected strong lineup as we go forward. So, yes, that’s our current view of the Semi-Custom business.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. And I guess just following up on the overall Server market, I know that you are not the best read, because you are gaining so much market share. But there have been some comments from some of the big cloud customers about quote, moderating or slowing investments and there is some debate about does that mean that there’s going to be some slowdown in procurement of servers. So if you strip out your sort of share gain, I am curious of your assessment on just overall strength in the Data Center market. Do you see it slowing at all later on this year or even into next year? Thanks.
Dr. Lisa Su: I would say, Tim, we haven’t seen that. We haven’t seen that particular phenomena. What we do see is that there needs to be good planning. So good planning with our Server customers and our large cloud customers and we are doing that. And our planning extends beyond 2022, extends into 2023 as well, and from what we can see, it’s robust demand.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brett Simpson from Arete Research. Your line is now live.
Brett Simpson: Yeah. Thanks very much. Lisa, I wanted to get your perspective on the AI silicon markets and you have obviously focused on HPC with MI200, and you have got CPU roadmap on the server side that’s a big host processor for AI. But can you share with us how we should think about AMD in the next sort of two years, three years around areas like AI training, areas like inference, particularly with the GPU portfolio, MI300, et cetera? And when do you think this platform is really going to be able to sort of compete and win in the AI training and inference space? Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Absolutely. Let me start, Brett, and then I will ask Victor to also make some comments. No question, AI is a huge opportunity for us and it’s one where we are thinking about it very holistically in terms of how we address. So on the Server CPU side, a lot of inference is done on the server CPU side. We have been investing in that area. On the GPU side for both training and inference, there, a lot of it is around the software stack and so our focus is on optimizing our software stack with our large cloud customers and partners. And then what Xilinx brings to our portfolio is actually a lot of capability on the AI inference side in their current portfolio and then additive to the AMD portfolio. So I think you will see a much broader set of offerings from us in AI as we start talking about sort of the broader product roadmaps. And maybe, Victor, you want to give some more?
Victor Peng: Yeah. I mean, look, we have been -- we have this AI engine that is already deploying in production in a number of Embedded applications and endpoints in also edge devices like in cars. They are doing a lot of image recognition, all kinds of inference applications and that same architecture can be scaled and brought into the CPU product portfolio and as we have alluded to that, it’s exactly our plan. We are also in a moment ago is a succession around software. We are absolutely working on the unified overall software enabled the broad portfolio, but also especially in AI. So you will hear more about that at the Financial Analyst Day but we are definitely going to be leaning in AI both inference and training. And I would say end-to-end, because we have endpoints, we have edge devices, both computing and embedded devices, and in the cloud and enterprise. So we are very excited about that revenue synergy opportunity actually.
Laura Graves: Brett, did you have a follow up?
Brett Simpson: Great. And -- yeah. Thanks, Laura. Yeah. Just as a follow-up, in terms of AMD from a Software monetization perspective, you are obviously seeing big changes in the way you are dressing Software. You are moving up the software stack, do a high level of abstraction. Is this somewhere you think over the next two or three years, do you plan to charge for Software? And can you share with us maybe how you might think about AMD as a Software business going forward? Thank you.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. I think, Brett, maybe it’s a broader conversation about our overall Software strategy. But as Victor mentioned, the unified Software capabilities around AI are very, very important. We also have with the acquisition of Pensando, they have a very strong Software team and effort around their GPUs and what we can do there. So I think as a total, you should see us investing a lot more in Software. And then in terms of the monetization and stuff, I think, we can address that more as we think about the overall solution space that will be offering across all of these compute engines. And again, much more --- great conversation that we can have as we come into our Financial Analyst Day in June.
Laura Graves: Thank you, Lisa. And as a reminder to everyone on the call, Financial Analyst Day will be on Thursday, June the 9th. We look forward to having you there. We will also be webcast from our website. And thank you to everyone for your participation in today’s earnings call. As always, we appreciate your support of our company and look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you and take care.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the AMD Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Laura Graves, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Laura, please go ahead.
Laura Graves: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-end 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release and accompanying slideware. If you have not reviewed these documents yet, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that Dan McNamara, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Server, will attend the Virtual Susquehanna Financial Group 11th Annual Technology Conference on Thursday, March 3. Our first quarter 2022 quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, March 11; and AMD will host its 2022 Financial Analyst Day on Thursday, June 9. Today's discussions contain forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of today and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause the results to differ. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and the slides posted on our website. Now with that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. 2021 was an outstanding year for AMD, as we exceeded our aggressive growth goals and delivered another record year. Each of our businesses grew significantly and set new annual revenue record, highlighted by data center revenue more than doubling year-over-year. Annual revenue grew 68% to a record $16.4 billion, and we expanded gross margin for the sixth straight year. We also delivered record net income and EPS, both of which more than doubled year-over-year. Looking at the fourth quarter, we ended the year exceptionally strong with our sixth straight of greater than 45% year-over-year revenue growth. Fourth quarter revenue grew 49% from a year ago to a record $4.8 billion. We expanded gross margin by more than 5 percentage points and doubled operating income year-over-year. Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Revenue increased 32% year-over-year to $2.6 billion, driven by growth in both Ryzen and Radeon processor sales. Record client computing revenue grew by a double-digit percentage from a year ago, led by record notebook sales. We saw strong demand for premium AMD notebooks and our higher-end desktop CPUs in the quarter as Ryzen 5000 processor unit shipments grew by a double-digit percentage sequentially. As a result, we believe we gained client processor revenue share for the seventh straight quarter. We launched our Ryzen 6000 series notebook CPUs at CES last month, featuring our new Zen 3+ core that further extends the leadership compute, gaming, and battery life capabilities of our mobile processors. We increased the number of premium gaming and commercial design wins from Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo, and other major PC providers to more than 200, including more than 20 AMD Advanced notebooks that combine Ryzen CPUs, Radeon GPUs, and Radeon Software to deliver the ultimate gaming experience. We also provided the first public demonstration of our upcoming Ryzen 7000 desktop processors at CES. Ryzen 7000 series desktop CPUs provide a significant performance increase compared to our current Ryzen processors by combining our high-performance 5-nanometer Zen 4 core with our next-generation memory and IO technologies in the new AM5 socket. There's a lot of excitement in the market for our next-gen Ryzen desktop processors, and we're on track to launch in the second half of 2022. In Graphics, revenue more than doubled year-over-year for the third straight quarter. Radeon 6000 series GPU unit shipments and revenue both grew by double-digit percentages sequentially, led by strong demand across our RDNA 2 desktop family. At CES, we announced that we expanded our Radeon 6000 series GPU portfolio with our first mainstream RDNA 2 desktop GPU priced at $199. We also introduced new mobile GPUs that deliver up to 20% more performance than our prior generation and our first mobile graphics chips for thin and light gaming notebooks. Data center graphics revenue more than doubled year-over-year, driven largely by HPC wins for our latest Instinct MI200 accelerators. We are seeing growing customer engagements for our data center GPUs based on the leadership AI and HPC performance of our new MI200 accelerators, highlighted by multiple supercomputing wins and an expanded set of platforms on track to launch from Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Supermicro and others starting later this quarter. Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded, and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue increased 75% year-over-year to $2.2 billion, driven by record EPYC processor and Semi-custom sales. Semi-custom sales increased year-over-year as the current game console cycle continues outpacing all prior generations. We expect revenue to grow this year driven by continued strong demand for the latest Microsoft and Sony consoles. Turning to Server. We had another outstanding quarter. Revenue more than doubled year-over-year and increased by a double-digit percentage sequentially, driven by demand across both cloud and enterprise customers. In cloud, revenue more than doubled year-over-year as the largest providers expanded internal deployments and more than 130 new AMD-powered instances launched from Amazon Web Services, Alibaba, Google, IBM, Microsoft Azure, and others. Microsoft Azure previewed a new HPC instance, powered by our third-gen EPYC processors with 3D stack memory that delivers up to 80% more performance than currently available instances. Our differentiated 3D stacking technology further extends the leadership performance of EPYC processors and technical computing workloads like EDA, fluid dynamics, and complex simulations. We started volume production of EPYC processors with 3D stacked memory earlier this quarter in advance of OEM platform launches with all our major server partners. In Enterprise, revenue doubled year-over-year, driven by the ongoing ramp of more than 100 third-gen EPYC platforms available from Dell, HP Enterprise, Lenovo, Supermicro, Cisco and others. In HPC, EPYC processor adoption was highlighted by the number of AMD-powered supercomputers on the November Top 500 fastest supercomputers list, tripling year-over-year to 73. EPYC processors also dominated the Green500 List and are now powering eight of the top 10 most efficient supercomputers in the world. Turning to our overall data center business. We made outstanding progress in the last year. We exited 2021 with data center revenue contributing a mid-20 percentage of overall revenue, and we expect 2022 to be another year of significant growth based on the strong customer demand signals for our current and next-generation products. In November, we provided first details of our next-generation EPYC processor, codenamed Genoa that will feature up to 96 Zen 4 cores and next-generation memory and I/O technologies including breakthrough memory expansion capabilities. Customer excitement for Genoa is extremely high as it extends our performance leadership across a broad range of workloads. We also announced the addition of Bergamo to our server roadmap, featuring a version of our Zen 4 core called Zen 4c that has been specifically optimized for cloud-native computing. Bergamo is a high core talent power-efficient CPU that can be used in the same platforms as Genoa. It will feature up to 128 CPU cores and deliver significant performance and power efficiency advantages for cloud workloads. We are sampling Genoa processors to customers now and are on track to launch later this year with Bergamo shipments planned to follow in the first half of 2023. Turning to our Xilinx acquisition. We were pleased to announce that China's State Administration for Market Regulation approved the transaction on January 27. The only remaining regulatory approval required is FTC approval of our HSR refiling, and we expect to close the transaction in the first quarter of 2022. I am more excited than ever about the benefits of the acquisition for both AMD and Xilinx stakeholders. Customer excitement is also high as they look forward to the opportunity to deepen their strategic engagements with AMD based on our expanded technology and solutions portfolio. In summary, I am incredibly proud of our performance in 2021. Our record annual results highlight our strong execution over multiple years to establish the technical, operational, and strategic foundation to position AMD as a high-performance computing leader. Each of our businesses performed extremely well in 2021 with growth significantly ahead of the long-term financial model we outlined at our Financial Analyst Day in 2020. I want to take a moment to recognize and thank the AMD employees whose passion, dedication, and execution have enabled this success. Turning to 2022. Demand for our product is very strong, and we look forward to another year of significant growth and share gains as we ramp our current products and launch our next wave of Zen 4 CPUs and RDNA 3 GPUs. We have also made significant investments to secure the capacity needed to support our growth in 2022 and beyond. Looking out over the long term, we are confident in our ability to continue growing significantly faster than the market, based on our expanded road map investments and the deep relationships we have established with a broad set of customers who view AMD as a strategic enabler of their success. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. Devinder?
Devinder Kumar: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a very strong 2021, with increased demand for our products. Excellent execution resulted in record annual revenue, continued gross margin expansion, record profitability and significant cash flow generation. The fourth quarter 2021 revenue of $4.8 billion was our sixth consecutive quarterly record, up 49% from a year ago, driven by strong revenue increases across all businesses. Gross margin was 50%, up 560 basis points from a year ago, driven by a richer mix of products and data center revenue growth. Operating expenses were $1.1 billion compared to $789 million a year ago, as we increased investments in our long-term product road maps to support the significant growth trajectory of our business. Operating income doubled from a year ago to a record $1.3 billion, up $665 million, primarily driven by significant revenue growth and higher gross margin. Operating margin was 27%, up from 20% a year ago. Net income was a record $1.1 billion, up $486 million from a year ago. Diluted earnings per share was $0.92 compared to $0.52 per share a year ago. This includes a 15% effective tax rate compared to a 3% rate a year ago. Now turning to fourth quarter business segment results. Computing and Graphics segment revenue was $2.6 billion, up 32% year-over-year, driven by higher graphics and client processor revenue. Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $566 million or 22% of revenue compared to $420 million a year ago. The increase in operating income was driven primarily by higher revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses. Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment revenue was $2.2 billion, up 75% from $1.3 billion the prior year. The strong revenue increase was driven by significantly higher EPYC processor and Semi-Custom sales. EESC segment operating income grew significantly to $762 million or 34% of revenue compared to $243 million or 19% a year ago. Operating income growth was driven primarily by higher revenue and richer product mix, partially offset by higher R&D and go-to-market expenses. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $3.6 billion at year-end. As we continue returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased $756 million of common stock in the fourth quarter and closed out the year with $1.8 billion of repurchases. Additionally, we have repurchased $1 billion to date in the first quarter of 2022 and have $1.2 billion remaining under the authorized $4 billion share repurchase plan. Quarterly free cash flow was $736 million compared to $480 million in the same quarter last year and $764 million in the prior quarter. Inventory was $2 billion, up $53 million from the prior quarter. Now let me turn to our full year financial results. 2021 revenue was $16.4 billion, up 68% year-on-year, driven by strong growth across all businesses. Gross margin was 48%, up 370 basis points from the prior year, driven by the strength and competitiveness of our EPYC, Radeon and Ryzen processors. Operating expenses were 24% of revenue compared to 28% in 2020. 2021 operating income was up 146% from a year ago to $4.1 billion, resulting in an operating margin of 25% compared to 17% in 2020. Net income was $3.4 billion, up 118% from the prior year. Full year free cash flow was a record $3.2 billion, resulting in free cash flow margin of 20% for the year. In addition, we invested approximately $1 billion during 2021 in long-term supply chain capacity to support our expectations for future revenue and market share growth. Let me now turn to our financial outlook. Today's outlook is based on current expectations and contemplates the current global supply environment and customer signals and does not contemplate the addition of Xilinx as that transaction has not yet closed. First quarter 2022 revenue is expected to be approximately $5 billion, plus or minus $100 million, an increase of approximately 45% year-over-year and approximately 4% quarter-on-quarter. The year-over-year increase is expected to be driven by growth across all businesses. The quarter-on-quarter increase is expected to be driven by higher server and client revenue. In addition, for Q1 2022, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 50.5%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.2 billion; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be approximately $207 million based on a 15% effective tax rate; and the diluted share count to be approximately 1.22 billion shares. For the full year 2022, we expect revenue to be approximately $21.5 billion, an increase of approximately 31%, driven by growth across all businesses. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 51%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately 24% of revenue, non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 15%. And non-GAAP cash tax rate to be approximately 9% due primarily to the US tax requirement to capitalize R&D and the full utilization of our US net operating losses and tax credits in 2022. In closing, we had an outstanding quarter and an excellent year with very strong revenue growth and numerous financial records. As we enter 2022, our leadership products and growing customer momentum continue to position us very well for long-term growth. I look forward to AMD delivering another year of very strong financial performance. With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the question-and-answer session. Laura?
Laura Graves: Thank you, Devinder, and thank you, Lisa. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: Certainly. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question, and congratulations on the quarter. Just thinking about the full year guidance, I know that you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that you expect the semi-custom segment to grow. I'm curious if you could help us maybe appreciate how you're thinking about the semi-custom segment relative to the server segment and whether or not that 30% contribution from total data center still applies for 2023, the outlook that you had provided at the last Analyst Day, or you think that we're tracking above that trend? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So, for 2022, I mean our current view is that we'll see growth in all of our businesses. We see strong demand for our products as well as we have increased supply capability given what we've done with our partners, so relative to the growth from the different businesses, the growth will be led by server. So, from what we see from customers and design wins and platforms and all that, server will be very strong next year. But we also expect growth from our other businesses, including consoles, including our PC business, our graphics business, and our embedded business. So, we expect the percentage of data center to continue to increase as we go into next year, and we'll give more on that as we go through the year.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Aaron.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Matt Ramsay from Cowen & Company. Your line is now live.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. For the whole team, but Lisa, congrats on getting close on Xilinx. Excited to see what that brings and obviously, the strong results. One of the questions I'm getting tonight is with such a strong start, greater than 30% guidance for revenue in 2022, can you just kind of walk us through maybe with a little more specificity, some of the things that you've done in the supply chain around substrate, around back-end test and package, around wafer demand, and just to give people comfort that there's coverage there and visibility and the potential for upside, particularly as you take server and desktop on the 5-nanometer. I imagine, 7-nanometer capacity won't go away. It will stay as that new capacity comes online. So, I just want to make sure I understand all the variables around the confidence in supply. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yeah, absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question. So, we've been working on the supply chain really for the last four or five quarters knowing the growth that we have from a product standpoint and the visibility that we have from customers. So in regards to your question on 2022 supply environment, we've made significant investments in wafer capacity as well as substrate capacity and back-end capacity. We feel very good about our progress in the supply chain to meet the 2022 guidance, and our goal is, frankly, to have enough supply to satisfy the demand out there. So, our view is we're going to continue to work with our partners and our customers to ensure that we know what they need. And likewise, our capacity investments are for 2022, but also beyond 2022 because as the business grows, we need to continue to forecast and make plans for that, and that's what we've been working on.
Matt Ramsay: Very good. Thanks for that. Just as a follow-up, I've been hearing more and more, and as you guys roll out the 5-nanometer portfolio, many of those products in server and in desktop will include next-generation Infinity Fabric. And it's been a conversation for a while about what you guys have branded sort of A+ A, AMD CPU and GPU together. I wonder as you look out over the next several quarters, how -- Lisa, how would you characterize that combination in importance to your company strategy and the growth? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yes. Well, we're very excited about our 5-nanometer products. I think Zen 4 is very critical. It's a focus for this year for both our server roadmap as well as our client roadmap. And then the work with the Infinity Fabric really is just on top of that and allows us to continue to optimize sort of the AMD CPU and GPU ecosystem together. So, whether on the data center side with our data center GPU products, working with EPYC in high-performance computing or on the PC side, when we have our AMD APUs plus our discrete graphics, plus the software on top. So it is an important -- very important element of our strategy, and it just goes to continuing to differentiate with the overall portfolio as we go into these new platforms.
Laura Graves: Thank you, Matt. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Ross Seymore: Hi. Thanks a lot for letting me ask a question. Congrats on the strong results and the strong guide. Lisa, I just want to talk about the computing segment, the client computing side. At least in my model, that was a significant portion of the upside in the quarter after, I believe, last quarter, you talked about not wanting to fill the channel and make sure you ship according to demand. So, in the near term, what changed? And perhaps more importantly, as you look into 2022, it appears that you're planning for significant share gains to continue in that sector. Can you talk a little bit about what gives the confidence for that share gain, please?
Lisa Su: Sure, Ross. So, your question about the Computing and Graphics segment. Look, our focus in this segment is to be very closely aligned with our customers and what they're doing in the market. So, we've been monitoring sell-in and sell-out and sell-through trends very carefully. I think the strength that we saw in the fourth quarter was very much a result of sort of the product strength. And we saw very nice notebook demand continuing at the premium part of the market in commercial, gaming, premium ultrathin. So, we believe that the PC performance was a bit above our original guidance, but we believe that was to match end user demand. Going into 2022, again, same story. I think the -- what we see is, 2021 was a strong year for PCs. Overall, the industry shipped approximately 350 million units. I think our view is that 2022 will be roughly flattish from a unit standpoint, but we will see some mix changes in there with enterprise and premium being stronger than, for example, low-end and education. So, from our standpoint, it's revenue share that we believe we can gain. It's the strength of our Ryzen 6000 series that we just launched at CES. We have 200 platforms from all of the OEM customers. And we have pretty good visibility in working with our customers on that. So -- and I think we feel good about it. And again, the client business is one of all of our businesses will grow. And I like that diversity, frankly, in the portfolio, but we feel good about the progress we've made in PCs, and we'll continue to ensure that we're matching sell in with sell out so that there is not inventory build in the business.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for the color. Maybe a quick follow-up on the pricing side of the equation. You talked about getting enough supply to grow the impressive targets that you guys have for the year. Conceptually and strategically, how do you think about pricing? Is that something you pass along? Is it a tailwind to gross margin? And I don't know if you'd give any sort of precision, but out of the 30% plus that you're guiding to for the fiscal year, roughly, how do we think about pricing as a tailwind within that?
Lisa Su: Yes. Well, I would say the way to think about pricing is the industry has seen some price increases across the supply chain. And that's as to be expected given the amount of capacity that we're all putting on to satisfy the strong demand. So we're always in this for the long-term and working with our supply chain partners as well as our customers to ensure that we find a way to kind of share the additional costs. But our focus is on ensuring that we have the supply to meet the high demand. And I think what you're seeing is growth in the model from the standpoint that we've always kind of said we're underrepresented in the business. When you look even today with all of our growth, we're still underrepresented in the business, whether you're talking about the server business or the PC business. And so we believe that our product strength and our customer engagements are such that we can grow significantly in this environment.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Lisa, I wanted to get your thoughts on the competitive landscape in the server market this year versus last. Your competitor at Intel is launching their Sapphire Rapids platform. They seem to be very excited about that. They're adding a lot of capacity in their fabs. Yet enterprise spending, which has tended to favor them in the past, right, is also coming back. So I'm just curious, how are you thinking about AMD's ability to gain more share in servers this year?
Lisa Su: Yes, Vivek. So look, we always expect the competitive environment to be very strong and very aggressive. And that's the way we plan our business. That being the case, I think we're very happy with the growth that we've seen in the business sort of last year. And as we look forward, we see opportunities in both cloud and enterprise. On the cloud side, we're in 10 of the largest hyperscalers in the world are using AMD. As they get familiar with us over multiple generations, they're expanding the workloads that they're using AMD on. So we see that across internal and external workloads. In the Enterprise segment, we doubled year-over-year here in 2021. We continue to add more field support to have more people get familiar with our architecture. We have very strong OEM relationships. So I feel very good about our server trajectory. And yes, it's very competitive out there. But we think the data center business is a secular growth business. And within that, we can grow significantly faster than the market.
Vivek Arya: All right. So my follow-up, Lisa, the semiconductor industry just went through a very tough time last year and even into this year, given all the supply shortages. I'm curious, what has that done to help you build stronger relationships with your customers who are perhaps looking for a more consistent execution on the roadmap and more reliable sources of supply? So how is the shortage environment in semis changed the way customers are looking at AMD today than how they used to look at you historically?
Lisa Su: Yeah. I think, Vivek, the most important thing that we are working on with our customers is really consistent execution. And so when you look at the last year and some of the supply-demand imbalance, it has actually caused us to work much, much more closely with our customers. I think we have -- we're talking about visibility now multiple quarters and, in some cases, multiple years out. For the type of capacity that we're talking about for the size of the customers that we're talking to, we need to do that to plan to have the capability to support all of that capability. So overall, I think we have definitely deepened the relationship with the customers. And by the way, also, we've deepened the relationships with our supply chain partners. So I think the entire sort of -- the entire food chain needs to come together to deliver on the very strong demand that's out there. So that's certainly what we've been working on.
Vivek Arya: Thanks.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you. Congrats on the strong results, Lisa. I had two questions as well. One relatively short-term and one on Xilinx. The short-term question. Just on Q1 revenue, you're obviously guiding total company revenue up on a sequential basis. Your nearest competitor talked about CPU inventory corrections in the quarter. Is that something that you're seeing in the market? And if so, is that contemplated in your guidance?
Lisa Su: Sure, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. So yeah, our guide in Q1 actually is up sequentially. Usually, we're down sequentially, just given normal seasonality, but the demand patterns are such that demand is strong and we have additional supply coming on board, and so that's why we're guiding sequentially up. As it relates to CPU inventory, whether in PCs or in servers, we don't believe there is any significant inventory of our products, whether at our customers or in the retailer channel. So from that standpoint, I think we've been watching very carefully the sell-in and sell-through patterns, and we believe we're matched to end-user demand.
Toshiya Hari: Great. And as my quick follow-up on Xilinx. It's been a while since your initial announcement. I'm sure you've had quite a bit of back and forth with your customers. You've had time to monitor how they've been performing as a stand-alone company. How has your view on the company and sort of the hit technology and the potential revenue synergies going forward evolved at all? I know, you're still waiting to close this thing. So maybe you can't say too much, but just curious how your view on things have evolved as it relates to Xilinx. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely. Look, I'm extremely excited about Xilinx. I mean, I would say that we very much have been planning for the integration over this period of time. We've had customers anxious to talk to us about combined road maps. When we think about sort of the technology that they have, it's very complementary to ours, very, very strong team. And their business results were just posted last week, and their business is also doing it very, very well. So I think the combination is going to be very exciting. We look forward to telling you a lot more about it, as we get to close and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Lisa, thanks for letting me ask a question. Lisa, a couple of questions. First, I'm wondering if you could just help me better understand the fungibility of your capacity planning throughout the year, i.e., I understand that your view on the PC market this year is sort of flattish with a better mix and you gaining share. But in the event that come mid-year that were to change and perhaps be a little bit worse than thought, do you have the ability to rejigger your sort of supply chain to move towards server and CPU? How does that kind of math work?
Lisa Su: Yes, John. So we've certainly worked very hard to give ourselves fungibility amongst the various capacity corridors that we have. So we've done numerous cross qualifications and new factory bring-ups and all of that stuff. So I would say it's not 100% fungible, but there -- it is -- there is an ability to move across the different businesses. And we make that a dynamic allocation decision sort of like weekly based on what we see going on. So I think we have a pretty good pulse on the market. And we sort of understand sort of what's going on. And our customers are giving us signals on a regular basis. And so, I think, we'll be able to manage through at all of the puts and takes as we go through the year.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then my second question, just on data center and GPU. Where does that factor into kind of your growth expectations for this year? And now that you've created sort of a strong beachhead of EPYC inside the data center, does that help the sales cycle at all to get more GPU penetration?
Lisa Su: Yes, sure. So our data center GPU had a very strong year in 2021. It was sort of a key year for us as we launched the MI200 family and we had several large supercomputing wins. This year, for data center GPU, it's about the cloud and about sort of expanding beyond sort of the large HPC wins. I view it as a strategic growth vector for us over the next several years. I think your question is a good one about sort of the pull now that EPYC is very sort of well established in these accounts. I do think that helps us with data center GPU. But the way to think about it is, this is a long-term investment for us. The hardware is very, very good. We've been investing more in the software. We've been working with our customers to ensure that our tool chain gets them the performance that they need. And so I would say, this is a longer-term driver, but I'm pleased with the progress that we made certainly through this last year.
John Pitzer: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I was curious on the EPYC side and the preamble you kept clearly strong trends in cloud and enterprise and HPC. Just curious on the comp channel. You had a press release recently with Nokia. I know it's kind of early days, but any kind of comments you had in terms of your design progress there? It's kind of the last area that you haven't really penetrated in servers.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Blayne. It's still very early. But yes, we're very happy with the partnership with Nokia that was announced. As you said, this is an area where we're early in the cycle. It's an area where we're building relationships. And so I feel good about the progress there, but I would say it's still quite early. And then you didn't ask this, but just one of the other things with the communications and 5G. As we bring Xilinx into the equation, they also have very deep relationships with a number of these accounts. And so we see that as an incremental positive as we think about EPYC in communications.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And then maybe for my follow-up, just on the March guidance. Semi-Custom typically has a pretty seasonal decline. It's been anything but typical. And you had very strong trends it seems like in the end of the year. So I'm just kind of curious within that March guidance that I think you can provide in terms of -- I'm assuming it's probably down, but I am just kind of curious versus normal levels. If you could just tell us anything, that would be helpful.
Lisa Su: Sure. So for the Q1 guide, the sequential up is being driven by -- primarily by server and then also by client. For Semi-Custom, it is normally significantly down. And this year, it is flattish into the first quarter. And it's -- as you said, the seasonal patterns aren't there. Demand continues to be strong, and we continue to support our customers with additional product there.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Sure.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is now live.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I want to revisit the pricing question. I don't think you quite answered it. I get the inflationary environment, I get your costs are going up, it's fair to pass those along. But of the 31% growth in 2022, how much of a tailwind is pricing? I mean is it none? Is it some? Like how much? What's the number?
Lisa Su: Stacy, I don't think I'm going to answer that exactly. But what I will say is what I said before. Look, we are sharing. As we go through this environment, the key is to have long-term relationships, both on the supply chain side and on the customer side. But without a doubt, the predominant growth is products. So it's units and ASPs from the mix of the product, and that's the predominant growth.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. Okay. For my follow-up, look, I feel really bad about me picking on a 51% gross margin, but I am going to, so I apologize in advance. But I'll be honest, just given the mix seemingly should be getting quite a bit better year-over-year in 2022 versus 2021, and you're almost sitting at 51%, I mean, even going into Q1 anyway. Like why doesn't that margin go higher? Can you give us some feeling of the drivers, I guess, from where you're sitting right now in Q4 to Q1 guide through the year? Like why shouldn't we expect more upside to that gross margin given where the mix is going?
Devinder Kumar: Yes, Stacy, I can take that. As you heard Lisa talk about semi-custom in Q4 to Q1, you would expect an increase, but it is flattish. And really, it's product mix-dependent, right? I think looking at any particular quarter is sometimes not the way to do it. It's kind of looking at the long-term. We did 48-plus percent in 2020, and we're going to 51% as a guide in 2022. And if you look at it from that standpoint, the margin of the company continues to go up in a very steady way as data center grows, as we get to a better mix of product within the client and graphics business, and that's, I think, the better way to look at it, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay, got it. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Mark Lipacis: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I had one for Lisa and one for Devinder, if I may. Lisa, on -- it seems like one of the potential threats to the merchant processor players like yourself is that your own customers are designing their own processors. And I'm wondering, does AMD have a role working with your customers to provide customized solutions, be it tweaking x86 or co-designing something more specific together hand-in-hand? I don't know if Xilinx would play a role in that. Could you just talk about what you're doing on -- with your customers on that effort?
Lisa Su: Yeah, sure, Mark. So actually, it's a very exciting area. It's -- just consider it an evolution of -- we've always had a semi-custom model, like the work that we do with the console guys to design specifically for their application. As we look at the broader set of applications, including some of these data center applications, we do believe that there's a sort of the next leg of the stool in terms of deep customer relationships. So we already do a lot of customization around product SKUs and specific optimization points, but we can certainly imagine both customer IP or different incarnations of our IP to really optimize, because as these applications end up really requiring so much volume, it really does justify additional customization for those cases.
Mark Lipacis: Yeah, got you. Thank you. And then a follow-up for Devinder, if I may. Devinder, five, 10 years ago, I don't think a lot of people would have expected to hear you talk about buying back billions of dollars worth of stock. So congratulations on that progress. The question on this topic is, where are -- where is AMD in terms of evolving this recent capital return push into a policy? Are you at a point where you're just looking opportunistically to buying back stock, or some companies say, we're going to return X-percent of our cash flow to shareholders. Where is AMD in this -- in the evolution of capital return? Thank you.
Devinder Kumar: I think we just started in 2021, $1.8 billion. We did another $1 billion early in 2022. And certainly, that -- those purchases are part of our long-term $4 billion share repurchase program. To your question about policy, I don't think we're quite there yet. We just started. We'll evaluate it as we close the volume transaction and also in our outlook of the business, confidence in the business and then evaluate what we do from an overall standpoint as we look out to the future, the next few years here.
Mark Lipacis: Fair enough. Thank you.
Laura Graves: Thanks Mark
Operator: Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. You've obviously done a great job of bringing on supply. But it seems like AMD product is still relatively tight kind of everywhere. Do you see the constraints being more severe in any of the end markets versus any of the others?
Lisa Su: Sure, Joe. Well, I think overall, we have been in a mode of demand is larger than supply. Although, we made a lot of progress through 2021. And I expect to make more progress, really incremental capacity will come online through 2022, especially in the second half. So I think it's really about sort of our prioritization decisions and trying to ensure that we spend -- that we're satisfying our customers' needs. But we're definitely working on getting more supply as we go through the year. And I think you should see it loosen up a bit.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, you mentioned, I think, within server that both enterprise and cloud were up over 100%, which seems pretty good. Can you talk about the mix of enterprise versus cloud within that business, give us some qualitative sense of how big enterprise it has become.
Lisa Su: Yes. So enterprise has grown nicely. I mean, we're still cloud-weighted. So if you look -- sometimes these patterns, it's better to look on a full year basis. So we are still cloud-weighted relative to enterprise. But enterprise has made a really nice progress. It's a sizable business, and the -- we've made progress with the larger OEMs as well as across a number of regional OEMs.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Lisa Su: Thanks.
Laura Graves: We have time -- two more, please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good evening. First question is, if you could give some indication of the strategy behind some of the processor variants that have come out, most recently Milan-X and Bergamo coming up. Do those variants represent incremental revenue to AMD? What's the strategy behind it? How does that help you, help the product line?
Lisa Su: Sure, Chris. Well, I think the strategy is, as we have gotten more scale in the business, we can invest more and we see ways to further differentiate our product portfolio. So I mean, I think Milan-X is really sort of the highest of the highest end. And we see that for technical computing and some of these EDA workloads that, that does give us a very differentiated product. And then we have the regular Milan product line. We'll have Genoa. And Bergamo is really optimized for cloud. So I do believe it gives us more opportunity to expand from a market share and a footprint standpoint. And I think the broader statement, Chris, is that, the data center is so large. There are so many different workloads that you can optimize. Like, by doing these variants, we will actually get a better solution for the customer, give them better total cost of ownership and, hopefully, give us a larger footprint in that workload as well.
Chris Caso: Thank you. As a follow-up, the follow-up question is about supply and just following up on some of your earlier comments. But can you tell us how you're approaching that now with getting the additional supply? Is it a factor of your customers coming to you with the requirements and then you're going back to the foundry. And obviously, you need to make commitments to the foundries right now. Are those backed up by customer commitments? And in the event that business turns out to be better as it was last year, are you able to procure that additional supply in time for when the business needs it?
Lisa Su: Yes. We've set out a road map for, frankly, not just 2022 but beyond, which allows, let's call it, very aggressive growth goals. We work that on a regular basis with our customers and our supply chain partners. I would say we have better visibility than we have ever had from a customer demand standpoint. And so that gives us pretty good confidence in terms of what is needed, but there are always going to be some puts and takes. And so we have enough flexibility to do that. But our goal is to dimension for success, right? At the end of the day, that's what we want to do is we want to satisfy customer demand, and so we're dimensioning for success and work with our customers as their demand evolves.
Chris Caso: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to ask about your Embedded business. It's not often talked about, but it's a great market, right, diversified across various end markets, you can also leverage your leading edge and mature portfolio. You've got a pretty good lineup of the FX-based and Ryzen-based processors targeting Embedded. You've also gotten some pretty good design win traction in automotive with guys like Tesla, you've got wins in retail with digital signage, wins in networking, IoT edge platforms. And then with Xilinx, you can sort of really leverage their exposure in industrial automotive coming consumer end markets. It's a small part of the business today, but how do you see the Embedded opportunity for AMD looking out over the next several years?
Lisa Su: Yes. Thanks for the question, Harlan. Look, I like the Embedded business. I've always liked the Embedded business. It's a nice, sticky business over many years. It is smaller, but it has grown nicely. And the volume design wins in automotive and they've now sort of expanded their usage. They've recently expanded their usage over a broader part of their product portfolio. We've focused on networking and storage as key markets. I do think there is a very good synergy with Xilinx in terms of just the customer set and the channels. And so I do see it as a nice grower for us as we go through it, and there's very good reuse from our server products as well as our client products. So we'll talk -- again, we'll talk a little bit more about it as the business gets to more size. And that will be part of our Financial Analyst Day conversation when we get to that in June.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. Thanks, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thank you, Harlan.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Laura Graves: Everyone, thank you very much for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. We appreciate your support of our company and look forward to seeing you again soon. As a reminder, we will have our Financial Analyst Day this year on June 9th. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the AMD Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Laura Graves, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Laura.
Laura Graves: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and acCompanying slideware. If you have not reviewed these documents yet, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Devinder Kumar, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin, I would like to note that we will host our Accelerated Data Center Premier virtually on November 8th, with feature presentations by Dr. Lisa Su and Data Center executives Forrest Norrod and Dan McNamara.  This event will also be available on amd.com. Dr. Su will also attend Credit Suisse's 25th Annual Technology Conference on Tuesday, November 30th. Ruth Cotter, Senior Vice President, Worldwide Marketing, Human Resources, and Investor Relations, will attend the Barclays Global Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on Tuesday, December 7th. Our fourth quarter 2021 quiet time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, December 10th. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on factors that could cause actual results to differ. We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are available in today's press release and in the slides posted on our website. Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Lisa. Lisa?
Lisa Su: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. Our business performed extremely well in the third quarter as our leadership product portfolio and strong execution drove record quarterly revenue, operating income, net income, and earnings per share. We delivered our fifth straight quarter of greater than 50% year-over-year revenue growth, with each of our businesses growing significantly year-over-year and data center sales more than doubling. Third quarter revenue grew 54% to $4.3 billion. Gross margin expanded by more than four percentage points and operating income doubled year-over-year. Turning to our computing and graphics segment, third quarter revenue increased 44% year-over-year to $2.4 billion driven by our latest-generation Ryzen, Radeon, and AMD Instinct processors.  In client computing, sales grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year and declined slightly sequentially. Ryzen 5,000 processor shipments increased by a double-digit percentage sequentially, resulting in a richer product mix as we believe we gained revenue share for the 6th straight quarter. In desktops, we launched our Ryzen 5,000 processors with integrated Radeon graphics for the channel to strong demand as third-party reviews highlighted the leadership computing and graphics capabilities and energy efficiency of these processors. In notebooks, Acer, Asus, HP and Lenovo, all expanded their mobile offerings powered by Ryzen 5,000 mobile processors, as we continue gaining momentum in the premium consumer, gaming, and commercial markets. Commercial client growth year-over-year was based on new deployments across public sector and Fortune 1,000 technology, energy, and automotive customers as the number of AMD-based commercial notebook designs available from the largest OEMs increased significantly year-over-year. We're also seeing strong growth in the workstation market.  According to IDC, Threadripper Pro processors now powered the best-selling workstations in their category in both North America and EMEA as we continue winning high-volume deployments across key verticals including media and entertainment, engineering, architecture, and automotive. In graphics, revenue more than doubled year-over-year and grew by a strong double-digit percentage sequentially, driven by shipments of our next-generation AMD CDNA 2 data center GPUs and demand for Radeon 6,000 GPUs in the channel. AMD RDNA 2 GPU sales grew significantly in the quarter as we ramped production and expanded our top to bottom portfolio with the launch of the mid-range Radeon RX 6600 XT cards that delivered leadership 1080p gaming performance at their price point. Data center graphics revenue more than doubled year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter led by shipments of our new AMD CDNA 2 GPUs for the Frontier Exascale supercomputer at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.  Frontier was architected specifically to deliver breakthrough HPC and AI compute performance and provide a blueprint for how supercomputing, enterprise, and cloud customers can enable exascale-level performance over the coming years by combining AMD CPUs, GPUs, and software. We are very pleased with the performance of our AMD's CDNA 2 GPUs and look forward to providing more details on their leadership performance next month. Turning to our enterprise embedded in semi-custom segment, revenue increased 69% year-over-year to $1.9 billion, driven by strong growth in EPYC processor and Semi-Custom sales. Semi-custom revenue grew sequentially and year-over-year as demand for the latest Microsoft and Sony consoles remains very strong.  We expect semi-custom revenue to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter as we further ramp supply to address the ongoing game console demand. Turning to server, we delivered our sixth straight quarter of record server processor revenue, as sales more than doubled year-over-year and grew by a significant double-digit percentage sequentially. Third-gen EPYC processors continue ramping faster than the prior generation and contributed the majority of our server CPU revenue in the quarter. In Cloud, multiple hyperscalers expanded their third-gen EPYC processor deployments to power their internal workloads. Both Microsoft Azure and Google announced multiple new AMD-powered instances. Cloudflare, Vimeo, and Netflix also all recently announced new deployments powered by EPYC processors, with Netflix highlighting how they doubled their streaming throughput per server, while also reducing their TCO.  Enterprise growth was particularly strong in the quarter as the more than 100 third-gen EPYC processor platforms from Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Supermicro, Cisco, and others ramp into broader end customer deployments. We expanded our wins in the quarter with Fortune 1000 financial services, automotive, and aerospace companies and see significant ongoing growth opportunities as our enterprise server pipeline has more than doubled year-over-year. In supercomputing, we won multiple installations in the quarter, highlighted by Argonne National Laboratory selecting third-gen EPYC processors, to power the new Polaris supercomputer that will be used to test and optimize software in preparation for future exascale class systems. Overall, we are very pleased with the momentum we have built in our data center business as server, CPU, and GPU revenue grew to a mid-20s percent of overall revenue in the quarter. Turning to our Xilinx acquisition, we are making good progress towards securing the required regulatory approvals and remain on track to close by the end of the year. The Xilinx acquisition provides significant benefits to AMD, including expanding our product portfolio with leadership adaptive computing and AI solutions and further diversifying our customer base into complementary markets, including wired and wireless communications, industrial, and automotive. In closing, our record third quarter results and the significant acceleration of our business in 2021 demonstrates that we have the right products and strategies to drive best-in-class growth and significant shareholder returns.  We continue growing faster than the market, driven by our consistent execution and the investments we have made to build leadership products. Our supply chain team has executed extremely well in a challenging environment, delivering incremental supply throughout the year, supporting our strong revenue growth. We are also investing significantly to secure additional capacity to support our long-term growth. Our product portfolio and roadmaps have never been stronger, and I look forward to sharing more details about our next-generation servers, CPUs, and GPUs at our Accelerated Data Center Premiere on November 8th. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our third quarter financial performance. Devinder?
Devinder Kumar: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. AMD had another excellent quarter. Our leadership products and growing data center momentum are driving record revenue, record profitability, and significant cash flow generation. Third quarter revenue was $4.3 billion, up 54% from a year ago, driven by strong revenue increases across all businesses and up 12% from the prior quarter. Gross margin was 48%, up 440 basis points from a year ago, driven by strong revenue mix and competitive products. Operating expenses were $1.04 billion, compared to $706 million a year ago as we continue to invest in our long-term product roadmaps and scaling our business. Operating income more than doubled to $1.06 billion, up $530 million from a year ago, driven primarily by revenue growth. Operating margin was 24%, up from 19% a year ago. Net income grew to $893 million, up $392 million from a year ago. Diluted earnings per share was $0.73, compared to $0.41 per share a year ago. This includes a 15% effective tax rate, compared to 3% a year ago.  Now turning to the business segment results. Computing and Graphics segment revenue was $2.4 billion, up 44% year-over-year, driven by significantly higher client and graphics processor revenue. Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $513 million or 21% of revenue, compared to $384 million or 23% a year ago. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by higher revenue, which more than offset higher operating expenses. Operating margin was slightly lower year-over-year, primarily due to investments in R&D and go-to-market. Enterprise, Embedded, and Semi-Custom segment revenue was $1.9 billion, up 69% from $1.1 billion the prior year. The strong revenue increase was primarily driven by significantly higher EPYC processor and Semi-Custom sales. EESC operating income was up significantly at $542 million or 28% of revenue, compared to $141 million or 12% a year ago.  Operating income growth was primarily driven by higher revenue and richer product mix, partially offset by higher R&D and go-to-market expenses. Turning to the Balance Sheet. Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments were $3.6 billion. We utilized $750 million to repurchase more than 7 million shares of common stock in the third quarter of 2021 as part of our ongoing stock repurchase program. Free cash flow was $764 million compared to $265 million in the same quarter last year and $888 million in the prior quarter. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, free cash flow was lower as we made strategic investments in long-term supply chain capacity to support future revenue growth. Inventory was $1.9 billion, up $137 million from the prior quarter in support of continued revenue growth. Let me now turn to the fourth quarter outlook.  Today's outlook is based on current expectations and contemplates the current global supply environment and customer demand signals. We expect revenue to be approximately $4.5 billion, plus or minus $100 million, an increase of approximately 39% year-over-year and approximately 4% sequentially. The year-over-year increase expected to be driven by growth across all businesses. The quarter-over-quarter increase is expected to be driven by higher server and semi-custom sales. In addition, for Q4 2021, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 49.5%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.15 billion; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes, and other to be approximately $170 million; and the diluted share count to be approximately 1.22 billion shares. For the full year 2021, we now expect revenue to increase approximately 65% over 2020, driven by growth across all businesses, up from the prior guidance of 60%. In addition, we continue to expect gross margin to be approximately 48% for the full year. In closing, we delivered another outstanding quarter with very strong year-over-year revenue growth, significant financial momentum, and record profitability. Our leadership products position us well to drive future growth, significant cash generation, and strong shareholder returns. With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the question-and-answer session. Laura?
Laura Graves: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting your question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] One moment, please, while we poll for questions. Our first question today is coming from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, good afternoon and great results. Thanks for taking my questions. Just kind of curious, the overall outlook for Q4. So computing graphics being down. I was just curious if that was more the supply, you're still growing sequentially, and obviously, I would assume you prioritize servers. Just curious what you're seeing in the computing graphics market. Is it anything related to supply constraints? For you, there would be down sequentially or maybe downstream constraints? Then maybe for Devinder, just curious, you're still growing gross margin. I'm assuming how the semi-custom and servers kind of offset each other? Just walk us through the nice increase in gross margin for Q4.
Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Blayne. Thanks for the question. So as it relates to the fourth quarter and where we are, look, we're overall very pleased with our performance in terms of the second half of the year. It's playing out about what we expect it to be in the PC market. So as you're asking about computing and graphics, we had seen that the PC market and user demand is strong overall, but there are some match set constraints in the PC market.  So for that reason, we've called the PC market really flattish. I would not have said down. I would've called it flattish as we look into the fourth quarter. However, as we look overall at the business, I think the data center business has performed very well, and we see strong demand there, and we're continuing to see that. As well, the console business, overall gaming is also quite strong. So we see growth in servers and semi-custom as we go into the fourth quarter. Then on the margin dynamics, Devinder, do you want to cover that?
Devinder Kumar: For Q4? Yeah. So Q4, it is up slightly based from our guidance, one point from Q3, and that's really product mix, higher margin from server, offset by semi-custom revenue also being higher going from Q3 to Q4. So we're very pleased with the progress in the gross margin. As you look at the Q3 results, up 440 basis points from last year, up 80 basis points last quarter, and the progression into Q4, obviously, driven by the server, our revenue growing. I'm very pleased with that also.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Lisa Su: Thanks, Blayne.
Operator: The next question today is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the strong results and the consistent execution. Lisa, how are you feeling about the spending environment in the data center as we look over the next several quarters? Especially, your server roadmap versus the competition because they are planning to launch several new and important products early next year. So I was just wondering how you're thinking about the competitive landscape and the spending landscape over the next year?
Lisa Su: Sure. So thanks, Vivek, for the question. I think overall, we're feeling very, very good about the server business or the data center market. I think from a market standpoint, we've seen a strong market here in 2021 in both cloud and enterprise, and we see that continuing into 2022. I think from a competitive position standpoint, I think Milan is extremely well-positioned, so we were very pleased with the adoption rate of Milan. We said that we expected it to grow faster than Rome, and it has.  So the crossover with Milan and Rome in the third quarter is an important metric for that. Going into the fourth quarter, we continue to see a strong environment. Then as the competitive environment goes into 2022, we always expect the competition to be strong, but our focus has been consistent execution of our roadmap, and we feel very good about the Zen 4 and Genoa. In 2022, I think we feel very good about the competitive positioning there, and we continue to believe that data center is most strategic part of our business, and we're making good progress with our customers and partners.
Vivek Arya: Got it. For my follow-up, Lisa, AMD has done very well in terms of gaining share at the hyperscalers. Where are you in that journey? Is there still a lot of share gains to be had at hyperscalers? Importantly, can you repeat that in the enterprise? Or do you think your competitors' incumbency limits the share gain opportunity in the enterprise? Thank you.
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Vivek, what I would say there is, our business has been more cloud-weighted with the hyperscalers than enterprise, that continued here in the third quarter. I do believe that there is significant additional opportunity for us in the cloud. So as we work with these partners, it is about expansion of workloads. Really, there's more tailoring of workloads, as well as we go forward. Then, there's also just more customers and broader penetration in both Tier 1 and Tier 2 cloud, guys.  So I think that's a good market for us. On the enterprise side, I would say, we saw a very strong enterprise quarter here in the third quarter. I think the strength of Milan with our OEMs in terms of the breadth of the platforms is very good, and we're seeing a good traction with Fortune 1000 companies. So I would say, overall, I think we see a growth trajectory for both our cloud and enterprise business. I think in the enterprise, the key thing has been to get more familiarity with EPYC, and we've made very good progress there. So I feel very good about where that's going.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thank you, Lisa.
Lisa Su: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. Obviously, Lisa has some really strong progress with data center crossing, I guess, a quarter of the business here with the results. I did want to ask a question specifically on your server business in China. Your competitor called out China and some of the turmoil that's gone over there as a reason why some of their cloud business had some headwinds in the third quarter, and maybe you could comment on how you see spending over the last quarter and then in the next couple of quarters, specifically in that end market in China. Then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Lisa Su: Sure, Matt. So, again, what I would say is our data center business performed very well in the third quarter, that was across both cloud and enterprise. In cloud, that was across geographies. So we haven't seen anything particular as it relates to China or there. What I would say is, we continue to work with the breadth of customers, and we're in the process of really rolling out broader adoption across the customer set. So I think we saw a pretty normal environment for demand.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks for clearing that up. As my follow-up, kind of unrelated. You guys mentioned in the comments, still plans to get the Xilinx deal closed by the end of the year, and I think that's important as there's a lot of things that you can talk about more, maybe more openly about the heterogeneous compute strategy for the business over the long term. Lisa, maybe you could walk us through to the extent that you can talk about it. Obviously, there's some things that you can't talk about. But to the extent you can, what milestones you've achieved behind the scenes that make you feel confident, and what hurdles are still there to have the confidence? I mean, I guess we got six weeks till we get into the month of December and things slow down a little bit regulatory-wise. So I just wonder what gives the confidence that we can get there and what we should expect. Thank you.
Lisa Su: Sure, Matt. So look, we've been working diligently on the closure of the Xilinx acquisition. I would say we're through the vast majority of what we need to do in the regulatory front. We're finishing up here and there's very good progress on the integration side. So we've done a lot on the integration. I think we're excited with the plans that we have. Then on the regulatory front, again, as I said in the prepared remarks, we've made good progress and we believe we're on track to close at the end of the year.
Operator: Thanks.
Lisa Su: Operator. Go ahead.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. Lisa, I had two questions as well. First, on your outlook for 2022, I realize it's early and I certainly don't expect you guys to provide a point estimate, but I think people are kind of concerned that you've been sort of overgrowing, if you will, relative to your long-term growth rate. You grew 45% last year, you are on track to grow 65% this year, given your long term through-cycle growth target of 20%. Again, there is concerned that you could decelerate going into next year given PC dynamics and competitive dynamics and so on and so forth. So, again, I don't expect you to give any quantification of next year, but if you could describe the year qualitatively, what are the potential pluses and minuses at this point? That would be super helpful, and then I've got a quick follow-up.
Lisa Su: Sure. So look, as you said, it's a little bit early to talk about 2022 quantitatively. I'll say qualitatively, look, we see a positive demand environment, and that's a market statement, but that's also an AMD statement, right? I think the strength of our product portfolio has multiple growth vectors. Data center continues to be a very important one for us. I think where we continue to make progress in the graphics market, and we think graphics is a good growth vector. Our console business, we would expect would be, I had mentioned earlier, that it'd be up in the fourth quarter and then we would expect it to be up in 2022, just given the strength of the demand environment there. So on the PC side, the comments I'll make on the PC side are, the end-user demand appears to be strong.  So there's a good amount of refresh going on, whether you're talking about consumer, high-end consumer, or commercial, or gaming. There are some supply constraints around matched sets that we believe will continue into the first half of the year. That being the case, what we're using from a planning assumption standpoint, is that the PC market maybe flattish as we go from 2021 into 2022. But even within that environment, we think there are opportunities for us to continue to grow. So, overall, I think we were very focused on execution, very focused on working with our customers to make sure that we're aligned with what they need, and overall feel very good about our product portfolio going into 2022.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's super helpful. Thank you. Then as my quick follow-up, similar question on gross margins. I'm not sure if this is for Lisa or Devinder. You're guiding Q4 to 49.5%, which is obviously significant progress from a year ago. Given some of the dynamics you've talked about whether it be the growth potential and server CPU, the mix within server CPU, and I'm sure the mix dynamics on the client side, I think most of us do expect a pretty nice some positive trajectory into 2022, potentially with a five handle in terms of, again, gross margins. But any risks or any headwinds that we should be aware of? I think your foundry partner is raising pricing, there's cost inflation generally across the board, but any risk items that we should think about at this point? Thank you.
Devinder Kumar: I wouldn't say it, but I think is about managing the situation. As Lisa said, with the growth factors that we have, we expect to continue making progress from where we are currently and especially predicated on the competitive leadership products we have. We're very pleased with the progress we've made over the last few years. But without getting to specifics, I think you can assume that we continue to make progress with the mix of revenue, mix of products, and the competitive products that we are introducing also into 2022.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is now live.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions. My first one, I wanted to ask about data center GPU. I know you said it more than doubled. But can you give us an approximate feeling for how big that is? Are we still talking like tens of millions of dollars or is it larger than that? What are your expectations for how that's going to ramp as Frontier and some of the other supercomputers that a lot of that stuff is going into our ramping over the next couple of years?
Lisa Su: Sure. So Stacy, on the data center GPU side, the third quarter was a larger quarter for the data center GPU. This is where we shipped the Frontier shipments that are now in the build cycle. It is still a relatively small business compared to the CPU side. So our expectation is that going into the fourth quarter, it's a lumpy business for us. So Q3 was a strong quarter given the shipments for Frontier. We would expect as we go into the fourth quarter that it'll be down sequentially quarter-on-quarter, but still, it's a strong growth year overall for a business that we think is a significant strategic growth driver for us over the next few years. Got it. Thank you. For my follow-up, I just wanted to ask you about Q4. Obviously, you had given implied guidance for Q4 last quarter. The guidance now is obviously decently higher. Can you just talk a little about what is driving that upside relative to where your expectations were last quarter? Devinder, you want to talk about that?
Devinder Kumar: On the revenue? Go ahead, please.
Lisa Su: I'm sorry. Were you asking about revenue or margin, Stacy?
Stacy Rasgon: Well, both if you're willing to answer both. Both.
Lisa Su: Okay. All right. Let me start. I want to make sure I answer all your questions. How is that? So look, on the revenue side, when we look at the sequential growth, this is about really supply chain optimization. We have been able to secure some additional supply given some of the work that we've been doing. We see strong demand across the board. But sequentially, what we're guiding to is stronger server demand, as well as gaming, and gaming includes the semi-custom game consoles, as well as our graphics business is doing quite well as well. Then in terms of the sequential margin, it's similar. I mean, we're having servers, some improved mix and graphics driving upside, and that's partially offset by the consoles which are below corporate average, but net-net, I think it's a positive sequential both on revenue and margin.
Stacy Rasgon: I guess what I'm asking is, for example, are your expectations for servers into Q4 now higher than they were three months ago when you gave implied guidance for Q4?
Lisa Su: Yes. Yes, it is.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Lisa Su: Sure.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Joe Moore: Thank you. I'm wondering if you could talk about graphics a little bit. It seems like that's the business that's probably struggled the most to get silicon and yet you've shown some pretty nice growth there. What's the prognosis for that business going forward? In the past, you've said you're comfortable that there's relatively low cryptocurrency exposure there. Is that still the case?
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Joe. Look, the graphics business did have a strong third quarter. I think that's true for graphics, gaming, as well as data center GPU. I think the portfolio that we have there with RDNA 2 had turned out really well, so we're pleased with how it's positioned competitively in the marketplace, and overall, gaming has been a secular trend that has continued with very strong demand. In terms of crypto, our view is that it's really negligible revenue for us in the third quarter. It's not a segment that we have been servicing. We've tried very much to try to keep our gaming graphics focused on gamers, and we were able to increase some of the supply for our graphics, and that's one of the reasons that we saw the sequential growth that we saw. Going into the fourth quarter next year, again, I think we see gaming overall as a strong segment for us, and the product set is very good. So we feel good about it.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Lisa Su: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I have two quick questions, if I can as well. Just sticking on the expectations in the next year, appreciating that you're not going to give a full guide. I'm just curious how we should think about the Semi-Custom business given how sizable that's been to the overall growth in 2021? Any framing of how you expect 2022 to shape up at this point?
Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. So again, if you look at the overall growth that we had in 2021, I would say was actually quite balanced across all of our businesses. The Semi-Custom business was in the second year of ramp and demand has exceeded supply. We've been able to ramp that as we've gone through the year. As we look in to 2022, the historical view of game consoles has been year 4 is the peak, at least that's what it was in the last generation. What we expect in this generation is, again, very strong demand going into 2022. So we would expect it to grow into 2022, which would be the third year of the cycle, and then we'll see what happens after that. But overall, I think our view is we have a very balanced business with multiple growth drivers across data center, PCs, graphics, as well as consoles.
Aaron Rakers: That's very helpful. Then the follow-up question is on your own supply chain side, I know in the prepared comments you said, working on securing adequate supply given your growth trajectory. Are you currently able to meet all of the demand that you currently see? Can you give any color of how we should think about the supply situation on your end?
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, I mean, we've been working on ramping the supply chain really [Indiscernible] for more than a year if you think about the dynamics here. What I'd like to say is, overall, the demand has been very, very high. So the fact that we can grow revenue this year, 65% year-on-year, I think, is a testament to the supply chain work. I think if we had more supply, we could certainly ship more. That being the case, I think we're prioritizing in the most strategic segments, and we have invested significantly in capacity for additional capabilities. We'll see some of that come online as we go through 2022. We're going to continue to be aggressive to secure additional capacity because we believe our product portfolio will enable that growth.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Lisa Su: Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
John Pitzer: Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations, Lisa. Lisa, my first question is back on the supply side of things. I'm just wondering if you can help me better understand, was it more of an issue when your PC business or your server business? I guess, especially as we look into next year, as supply begins to loosen up, this year, given how tight the overall ecosystem was, competing on price didn't make a lot of sense. As supply begins to accelerate across the ecosystem, how are you thinking about pricing, especially in lieu of your large competitor resetting their gross margins for next year? In your view, does that give them more wiggle room or do you think that they're being pretty benign on the pricing side of things on that gross margin reset?
Lisa Su: Yeah. There's a lot of various aspects to that, John, so let me try to take it in pieces. As it relates to current supply, I want to make sure that we're clear. I mean, we have brought on a tremendous amount of additional supply and that's part of the reason that we overachieved the Q3 results and then we guided higher in Q4. So I do think that we have done a lot of work on our supply chain. In the PC market, in particular, I think the market is not necessarily constrained on CPUs but more constrained on matched sets. So we're trying to ensure that we're not building inventory in the channel. That's part of the optimization that we do is to ensure that as we ship sell-in processors that we see matched sets to sell through.  From that standpoint, we think inventory is very healthy at the OEMs, and that's an important factor as we go into 2022. As it relates to what happens with the pricing environment as supply eases up, I think, right now what we see is, again, it's an environment where most people are prioritizing supply. As we go into 2022 though, I think this is all about the product and what we view is our focus in our product line has been moving up the stack, ensuring that we're providing significant value to our customers in terms of total cost of ownership on the server side and innovative features and capabilities on the PC side and the graphics side. We're going to continue to do that. I mean, we're excited about our product portfolio into 2022. We're going to continue to be very aggressive on the overall roadmap. With that, I think our game plan is exactly what it was, what it always has been, which is lean into the product cycle, and the deep customer relationships and continue to build that out over time.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. Then as my follow-up, Devinder, you did a good job explaining the year-over-year changes in operating margins in the computing graphics business. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about sequentially what happened? Revenue was up and margins were down a little bit. Is that just the influence of the very strong growth in GPUs going into the data center? Because it sounds like in the core compute business mix probably got better sequentially for you. So I'm just trying to make sure I understand all the dynamics you play.
Devinder Kumar: If you're talking about the CG segment, it's investments, right? Some investments in R&D and go-to-market. Also, we have a lot of new products coming into 2022. There's expenditure involved ahead of the curve before you introduce the products in the next year. That's really what happened in the transition quarter-over-quarter.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good evening. First question is about the supply constraints and how that affects seasonality as we go into the beginning of next year. Obviously, you're making efforts to bring on more supply. You spoke about in PC, these constraints with regard to matched sets. I'm sure at this point, you don't want to provide guidance for Q1, but how should we be thinking about seasonality for Q1 as we contemplate these supply constraints?
Lisa Su: Yeah, Chris, I think it's a little bit early to talk about Q1. Let's see what would we say about seasonality. I don't have a lot to say other than, typically, Q1 is down from Q4. That's typically what the pattern is given the consumer-related businesses. It might be a little bit subseasonal as we go into this first quarter, just given the demand environment, but we'll have to see how things play out over the next couple of months.
Chris Caso: All right. Thank you. A little bit of a bigger picture question for my second question. We've heard and seen from some of the hyperscalers is a trend of, in some cases, doing some custom designs, doing it on their own, often with ARM-based designs. Do you consider that an opportunity or a threat for AMD? To what extent are you engaged with some of those hyperscalers on some of these custom designs because you do have IP portfolio yourself?
Lisa Su: Yeah. Chris, on that, we definitely view it as an opportunity, right? So I think what's happening in the data center market is that as the need for compute gets larger, sort of this tailoring of compute for the various workloads is an important trend. I think our IP portfolio today is very strong. I think it will even be stronger given some of the things that we have in plan to allow more tailoring. We are working very closely with a number of hyperscalers on the vision of compute over the next few years and how we might put together some different solutions between our CPU, GPU, interconnect capability, and then with the addition of Xilinx as well coming into our portfolio. So lots of opportunity there for customization. I think that's a key trend that we are certainly going to lean into.
Chris Caso: Thank you.
Laura Graves: Thank you, Chris. Operator, two more questions, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Ross Seymore: Thanks. Let me ask a question echoed with a congrats of other people on the strong results. Lisa, I just wanted to ask about the comparison on your CNG side between the C and the G, and specifically on the client graphic side of things. Clearly, this year has been a really strong year for AMD. Can you just talk about the go-forward on the client side in that? I think we're all pretty well aware what's going to happen on the data center GPU side. But how do we reconcile your commentary on where you think the PC market would be in the flattish area versus the strength you've had in GPUs this year in a strong GPU market? Do you think that continues next year? How much of it is AMD specific? Or if the PC market is weaker, is that something that's a little bit of a headwind for AMD?
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, again, what I would say is our market share is still, I would say underrepresented, whether you're talking about the client CPU or APU side or the GPU side. I think what we have seen here in the third quarter and then into the second half of the year is, our graphics business has performed quite well. It is channel driven in the sense that there's still strong demand amongst gamers for GPUs. As we go into 2022 though, I don't view the PC market as a headwind for the Company. I think as we look at all of these markets, of course, we do a bunch of scenario planning if the market is up or if it's down.  I think there are many who think that the market maybe up, there's some who think that market maybe down, and that's why we're choosing to model the base case is flattish. But even within that market, whether you're talking about client CPUs or client GPUs, we think we have opportunities to gain share and grow in that business. Just given the strength of our product portfolio and the fact that we are underrepresented to think the what we can expect given those products.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that. I guess as my follow-up, just one for Devinder on the OpEx side. I'll give the same disclaimer that I know you're not going to give any specifics about next year, but you guys have done a great job of lowering your OpEx intensity throughout this year. I think you're going to be closer to 24% versus your 26% to 27% entering the year in 25% as of last quarter. So great expansion there in margins and better leverage.  As we look forward, though, I think the third quarter was the first time where you guys spent enough that it actually impacted a segment where the operating margin fell a little bit. I think we all understand why you're doing that and it feeds great growth, so it's not a negative. But as I look into '22, do you think next year can be another year where you're operating leverage is positive? Or do you expect to be able to spend closer to your former targets in the 25% to 27% of sales range?
Devinder Kumar: I think fundamentally, and what you observed is right, very disciplined from an OpEx standpoint. Investing in the growth is important. Many of the things that Lisa talked about earlier is all about growth in many different vectors. Obviously, that requires funding from an OpEx standpoint. Whether it's R&D, go-to-market, hiring, which we're doing from a viewpoint of the growth in the Company. I think from a modeling standpoint, a guidance standpoint, you can assume that the growth in OpEx will be lower in revenue. Margin continues to expand, OpEx flattish or even down. I mean, you can model it, but very disciplined on that standpoint, and making sure that we are investing for the growth is a top priority for us.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is now live.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you for fitting me in. I had two. I guess, first, Lisa, no invest about software yet. I was wondering if you can update us on your software efforts. Maybe as you get close to closing Xilinx, how much that changes things for you on the software side and maybe how your search for software talent has been? Then I had a follow-up.
Lisa Su: Sure, Tim. So, yes, we continue to invest heavily in software, particularly on the data center GPU side. With our next-generation GPU architecture, MI200, which we'll be talking a little bit about in next few weeks. We have made significant investments and progress. Our focus has been on using the Frontier beachhead with high-performance computing and expanding that into AI and working with our partners on that software development. So overall, continue to make good progress there. I think the Xilinx acquisition and bringing in that software talent also provides opportunities to optimize across the overall portfolio in terms of just the software infrastructure that people want in an overall ecosystem. So very strategic area that we're making good progress in.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I guess just last question for me. So server share, if I look at your guidance for Q4, it looks like you're going to be in the 12.5% to 13% share, if I use the entire TAM, and that's up like 500 basis points versus last year Q4. So I guess the question is, is that a reasonable trajectory into next year? As if we're sitting here 12 months from now, would you be surprised if you gain another 500 basis points next year? Where do you think about where that share can go? Thanks.
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, I think, overall, our server trajectory has been very strong. I mean, I think we're very pleased with the trajectory here in 2021. I think having a number of quarters where we're doubling the revenue year-on-year speaks to the progress there. As we go into 2022, we still believe we are a share gainer in that environment just given the strength of our portfolio and let's call it platforms that are still yet to launch across our customer set. So we're continuing to play out the strategy of a data center being a place where our technology is very differentiated. We think that's true in the third generation with EPYC, and we certainly are very focused on ensuring that the next generation with Zen 4 and Genoa are similarly well-positioned in the marketplace.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot.
Laura Graves: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. We reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Laura Graves: No, we're good. Thank you very much, Operator. Thank you to everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your time and participation and your support of AMD. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator. I’d like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fiscal Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please limit your questions to one, to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin your conference.
Matt Poirier: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Brice Hill, CFO. We recognize there have been a number of recent reports regarding a potential M&A transaction with Xilinx. Our policy on M&A rumors is to neither comment nor answer questions about them, and we will abide by that policy with respect to these reports. The purpose of today's call is to discuss our most recent quarterly results and outlook, and we would ask that questions be limited to these topics. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the company's financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations, by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisitions. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the company’s ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt, and thanks to everyone for joining today's call. I hope you and your families are healthy and well. Let me now briefly touch on how we're operating with the ongoing COVID-19 challenges before I discuss the business. Our supply chain and development activities have continued without much disruption. Most of our employees continue to work from home, except in China where employees have been allowed to return to work. And we've continued to progress on our strategy, despite approaching eight months of largely working from home. Overall, our teams are doing an outstanding job executing and delivering for our customers. Now on to the business highlights. Fiscal Q2 revenues grew 5% sequentially and were $767 million, higher than the midpoint of our guidance. DCG performed better-than-expected and had a record quarter. Wired and wireless revenues were slightly better than expectations. In the core businesses, AIT revenue grew sequentially. Our A&D business was strong as expected, but offset somewhat from lower-than-expected TME revenue, due to some emulation revenue shifting into Q3. ADC performed significantly better than expected, with the auto business showing signs of recovery. The advanced products category constituted 70% of total revenues. Zynq-based revenues increased 28% compared to the prior quarter and were 22% of the company revenues. Our Zynq SoC design momentum continues to strengthen across our target market. And we're confident that SoC revenue will be a much larger portion of our overall business in the future. Now I'll move on to business specific highlights starting with DCG. We saw strong growth in our DCG business during the quarter with revenues crossing the $100 million mark for the first time. Cloud service provided deployment of Alveo-based compute AI clusters, and Solarflare NIC adapters contributed significantly to this growth. DCG customer traction continued to grow in Q2, including a marquee SmartNIC design win with a Tier 1 U.S. hyperscaler. This win is expected to realize well over $100 million in annual revenues by FY 2024. Notably, we won against several of the other top market players, mainly due to the unique value we deliver with our adaptive SmartNIC hardware and our stronger software capabilities from our Solarflare acquisition. Turning to other customer engagements and design win activity. We see growing 100-gig SmartNIC engagements with hyperscalers and proof-of-concept activities for 200-gig solutions. In compute acceleration, it's great interest in an RT video server, and we have multiple fintech customers engagements in banking and electronic trading exchanges. Finally, in storage, we saw the next-generation and storage platform commitments from new customers. With respect to our progress in our platform software and ecosystem development, we've had close to 43,000 downloads of Vitis since announcing it late last year. To date, we've trained over 15,000 developers and have over 1,000 software partners, releasing a growing list of applications. We've also made progress with the AI developer community and have 50 AI application examples, open source on the Xilinx Github account. Moving to WWG. As expected, we saw a significant revenue contribution from one of our Tier 1 OEM customers that is ramping RFSoC production this quarter. These RFSoC deployments offered sub-six gigahertz of massive MIMO rated deployments in North America. Our design win pipeline for RFSoC continues to expand globally. We're also beginning to see revenues from a Tier 1 customer who is using our 7-nanometer Versal ACAP, and we expect further revenue growth in deployment start in 2021. As 5G deployment begins to ramp in more geographies, we are very well-positioned to benefit from the significant increase in deployed radio units, especially in massive MIMO configurations. Our product leadership with RFSoC and Versal ACAP and the value that these adaptive SoCs provide to our customers are unique in the industry. We're also offering customization of our products to aptly meet our customers' cost, power and for factor requirements by hardening selected IP while maintaining our unique adaptive capability. We'll share more details about this in upcoming announcements. We also made great progress in the Open-RAN space, where we see a big opportunity over the next several years. We're working with key stakeholders to drive O-RAN initiatives to ensure 5G and future networks be openly developed since our operating and adaptable. As I mentioned last quarter, we are a member of both the open-RAN Policy coalition and over analyzed, and it contributed to the 3GPP specifications for 5G mobile networks. Our products empower our customers to innovate and get to market with a differentiated and custom solution faster than any other option. This unique capability will accelerate realizing the promise and performance of massive MIMO and O-RAN. Last quarter, we announced the T1 telco accelerated card for O-RAN distributed units and virtual baseband units in 5G networks. Customer interest continues to be solid in this area with positive feedback for market leaders like Nokia and Mavenir. Vodafone recently identified Zynq as a technology front-runner in the massive MIMO category for open RAN enabled radio unit hardware products. In addition, KMW recently announced that it is selective Xilinx as a strategic partner and silicon supplier for the company's base station radio equipment business. Moving now to the core markets. I'm delighted to say that we're very close to being at to our pre COVID-19 business level, employed to resume growth. As you know, our core markets are diversified and provide a highly resilient foundation for our overall business. Our core markets provide significant and consistent cash generation to support reinvestment in these markets as well as in our strategic initiatives. Aerospace & Defense business grew in the quarter and set a new record. We expect this business to be a secular growth driver in the long term with some lumpiness from time to time. Global defense budgets are generally trending up, and we see emerging technologies like hypersonics and increasing adoption of AI. During the quarter, our 20-nanometer radiation collar Kintex UltraScale FPGA received a Platinum Honor from the 2020 Military and Aerospace Electronics Innovators award in the Interconnect Technology category. The industrial business is recovering, which is consistent with the recent manufacturing PMI data, and our leadership in E&P remains very strong. We recently announced the world's largest FPGA the VU19P, which is in production. With 35 billion transistors, the VU19P provides the highest logic density and IO count on a single device ever built. The VU19P sustains our product leadership in the emulation and prototyping market that was established with our 28-nanometer generation of products. We saw a recovery in the auto market over the last quarter, though it's not quite back to our pre-COVID run rate. We expect this trend to continue into the second half of the fiscal year. We had several design-ins in ADAS as well as in DMS, where we are a leader. Subaru Selects Xilinx to Power its New-Generation EyeSight System, debuting with the Subaru Levorg in Japan. Our Zynq MPSoC will be powering their next-generation ADAS systems to offer features like automatic emergency braking, adaptive cruise control and lane keeping assist. We also announced with Continental, the world leader in automotive radar systems that our Zynq products will be powering their advanced radar systems. Continental has the AMCs first production-ready 4D image radar that can support Level 2 to Level 5 autonomous driving. We expect the auto market to resume robust long-term growth as the industry continues to recover and adoption of ADAS growth. Now let me turn it over to Brice.
Brice Hill: Thank you, Victor. As Victor mentioned, we had a solid Q2 with broad strength across many of our end markets. This strength drove total revenue of $767 million, above the midpoint of guidance we provided on our Q1 earnings call and 5% higher than our previous quarter. By end market, the Data Center group revenue grew 22% quarter-over-quarter and 30% year-over-year, driven by continued build-out of an AI compute cluster at a cloud service provider and ongoing strength with our Solarflare products. Note, we prioritized our orders to comply with the most recent trade restriction rules, which resulted in a significant outperformance. Without the impact of the additional trade restrictions, DCG revenue would have come in approximately flat to Q1 as originally expected. Wired and wireless group revenue decreased 13% quarter-over-quarter and 36% year-over-year. The expected sequential decline was due largely to the CIV-related order acceleration seen in Q1. Wire performed ahead of expectations while wireless business was largely in line with expectations. Wired outperformance was driven by ongoing access network build-outs as well as some benefit from the recent trade restrictions. In wireless, we saw a healthy ramp of our RFSoC product with a Tier 1 OEM for 5G deployment at a North American operator. Across our core markets, encompassing our AIT and ABC groups, revenue grew 10% quarter-over-quarter and 5% year-over-year, driven by improving business conditions across multiple end markets. More specifically, ABC or automotive, broadcast, and consumer revenue increased 36% quarter-over-quarter and declined 8% year-over-year, with a strong rebound during Q2 in the automotive end market with meaningful improvement across multiple Tier 1 OEMs. Solid broadcast end market performance during Q2 came in line with expectations. AIT or aerospace and defense, industrial, and test and measurement revenue increased 3% quarter-over-quarter and 11% year-over-year with strong performance in aerospace and defense, which delivered a record quarter. ISM performed as expected, while TME results were less than expected due to an emulation customer program that started in Q2 and is now expected to extend into Q3. Now, some other financial highlights and metrics. Company-level gross margin was toward the high end of guidance with GAAP gross margin of 70.7%. The performance was primarily driven by end market mix and lower costs. GAAP operating expenses of $336 million or 44% of revenue were within our guidance range. Higher sequential operating expenses were driven by higher bonuses due to our first half profitability and our salary increases in July. GAAP operating income was $205 million or 26.8% operating margin. Our GAAP tax rate was 0.4%, in line with guidance. Note, our lower fiscal Q2 tax rate is driven by a tax benefit associated with the vesting of appreciating stock awards. GAAP net income was $194 million and diluted earnings per share was $0.79, a 108% quarter-over-quarter increase and 11% year-over-year decrease. Diluted share count increased quarter-over-quarter to 246.8 million shares. On a non-GAAP basis, gross margin was 71.5%, operating expenses were $332 million, operating income was $216 million, tax rate was approximately 1%, net income was $203 million, and non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.82, a 26% increase from Q1 and a 13% decrease year-over-year. Note, the difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP is due to M&A-related expenses and amortization and related income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments. On to balance sheet and cash flows, total cash and short-term investments increased $100 million to $3.1 billion in the quarter and our total debt remains $2 billion. Accounts receivable increased to $362 million in 43 days compared to 38 days last quarter. The days sales out increase was driven primarily by linearity of shipments. Inventory decreased to $282 million and days of inventory stood at 114 days, same as the prior quarter. We generated $248 million in operating cash flow or 32% of revenue and $232 million in free cash flow or 30% of revenue. During the quarter, we paid dividends of $93 million. Through the first half of fiscal 2021, we have returned a total of $239 million or 52% of free cash flow through both dividends and share repurchases. Turning now to the outlook for fiscal third quarter 2021. We expect third quarter revenue to be between $750 million and $800 million, which at the midpoint is approximately up 1% quarter-over-quarter and 7% year-over-year. This reflects continued strength in our core markets, led by TME, auto and broadcast end markets. DCG is expected to be lower after a record Q2 and WWG is expected to increase as 5G deployments and ramps continue. Some additional color into our outlook by end markets. Within AIT, PME sales are expected to increase meaningfully due to strong emulation and prototyping program revenues. Aerospace and defense sales are expected to moderate from a record quarter, but should still be in line with historical levels. Industrial science and medical is expected to decline modestly as fiscal Q3 is generally a seasonally lower quarter. We continue to see general recovery in manufacturing activity in the U.S., Europe and Asia. ABC markets are expected to continue recovery, driven by strength in auto, where we are seeing increased demand from our ADAS platforms at our Tier 1 customers. Our broadcast end market is also expected to strengthen, as live sports and other live events, like the U.S. election coverage, increase. DCG sales are expected to decline from a record quarter in Q2. As mentioned previously, the DCG business saw some order acceleration during Q2 related to trade restrictions. WWG is expected to be up modestly, with a strong increase in wireless, as 5G ramps continue across multiple OEMs in multiple regions, offset by a decline in wire due to trade restrictions, COVID-related slowdown and seasonality. Please note, Huawei has been removed completely from our outlook across the business. Fiscal Q3 non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be between 68.5% and 71.5%. Non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be between $333 million and $347 million. Non-GAAP other expense is expected to be between $12 million and $16 million. Non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 6% and 9%. In closing, we are pleased with our performance in the first half of fiscal 2021, reflecting the strength of our business across diverse end markets and continued transformation to a platform company. Our adaptive SoCs, including Zynq, MPSoC, RFSoC and our upcoming Versal, are both broadening and deepening the market and customer set for Xilinx, allowing us to compete more effectively in areas traditionally served by ASSPs and ASICs. We remain as confident as ever in the opportunities ahead of us and furthering our technical and market leadership. Thank you. And let me now turn the call to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Please limit your questions to one, to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. If there is extra time at the end of the Q&A session, you are welcome to ask a follow-up question. And your first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I just wanted to ask about some of the surprises in the quarter and what it means going forward. On one side, it looked like the AIT side didn't grow nearly as strongly, but it looks like it's going to rebound in the out quarter in December because of the emulation side of things. So any color on why that keeps getting pushed out? And then similarly, on the data center side, it was a great quarter by any measure in September, but your guidance for December sounds like some of that goodness was a pull-in due to the trade restrictions. So any sort of color about that would be helpful.
Victor Peng: Yes, Ross, let me take that. So look, on the emulation and prototyping, as you said, some revenue just moved over, but there's nothing fundamentally different about what we're doing there. As I said in the prepared remarks, we really have maintained leadership with the view ITP, and we've established that for several years now. It's just a situation with a particular customer. I wouldn't read anything into it beyond that. Regarding the data center, yes, we are saying that we saw some pull-in because of the most recent restrictions. But you can think about that really as an order of one quarter pull-in. This is not a big thing. And again, I guess what I would say is that I think that it's still an indication that we're getting really good traction in data center. Of course, kind of, we said even without perturbations like trade -- new trade restrictions. Things are really lumpy right now in the data center as we're still scaling the business. And in general, also, it's a pretty consolidated business. So it would have some natural lumpiness. And it's just causing some more perturbations on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But overall, we're still tracking a good growth. And so we're still very confident about what's going on in data center.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the topic of 5G, we saw Verizon announced this morning that I think they deployed more base stations on 5G in the last two months than they did of all of 2019. So in that context as we see the pace of this start to accelerate, can you just revisit how you guys see the content expansion in 5G? And just in general, where or how we should think about the progression of that cycle and what it means for Xilinx? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yes, it's a good question, Aaron. Yes. As you said, one of the things we're really pleased about is we're starting to see our RFSoC being deployed in sub-6 and in North America. And we also see more deployments around the world. So we're very, very excited that we are seeing that ramp. I think just like the previous question, with trade and a few other things, in particular, in 5G, that's caused some perturbations. But if you step back in the big picture, right, we still are absolutely confident this is going to be a very significant opportunity for us. We have the strongest lineup we ever had. We have Versal win for 5G. We have the RFSoC deployed in areas. And you'll be hearing more about what we're doing even with the RFSoC family in terms of further the announcements. So, yes, it's still the first wave. You've heard me talk about three generations of equipment. What's being deployed right now is still the first wave. And we certainly see that it's good to see North America starting to pick up. China continues, and it's had some choppiness because of the various trade issues. But we are seeing other geographies starting to deploy, and that is going to drive the big opportunity that we talked about. But still first innings, right? So we got engagements with the second-generation equipment, but that's yet to deploy. And then there'll be at least another third generation, if not, perhaps, some after that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. Victor, I just had a follow-up on the data center side. So good to see it hit $100 million run rate. A couple of questions from that. I just want to make sure I understood the upside that came, largely came in the compute side. And given now that it's $100 million business, could you please help us understand what are the relative sizes of the various components within that business or how big storage versus compute versus others? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yes. I would say in the last quarter, it was pretty much compute led the way, followed by networking and then storage. And I would say that it still continues to look like you know, there’s a good strength in that order, although between compute and SmartNIC, that’s probably going to in any given time vary right, because again this perkiness and just big wins and adoptions and then there's some digestion. But you know, I would say, certainly, we're seeing a lot of strong interest in compute. And again, to refresh your memory on this, some of the areas in terms of the applications, we're very strong in video, database. You could in fintech in SmartNIC because of the low latency aspect. You could also think of as computing as well. But certainly, in general, separate apart from fintech, I think SmartNIC, in general, we're seeing a lot of pull, right? So very pleased about that big win that went that I referenced. But we see continued other, really good momentum and good pipeline development there. So I would say compute and network are both strong, and it varies from quarter-to-quarter, which is really higher. And by the way, I don't want to say that nothing is happening in storage. We've seen good wins in storage as well. It's just that I think we've consistently always felt like our opportunity there is probably not quite as large as the other two. And that's sort of what we're seeing right now.
Ambrish Srivastava: Right. But the relative sizes are networking and storage at then compute today, right?
Victor Peng: I'm sorry, say that again?
Ambrish Srivastava: The relative sizes of the various segments, that was my other question. How big is the -- 
Victor Peng: I think in the long run, compute is still the largest. And as I said in the last quarter, compute was a very big contributor and then networking next. And but I guess what I'm just saying is that at any given quarter, it could move between compute and networking and occasionally storage perhaps. But I'd say, as a more, what would I expect integrating over time in the long run, now compute is probably the biggest. Some of that will take a while to flow through. Networking will be very strong, and we're seeing a lot of strength there. And then storage.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. Just as a follow-up, any type of revenue update that you think you could guide for data center in fiscal 2022, now that you have more visibility with your SmartNIC hyperscaler win? How should we try to quantify the data center revenue opportunity next year for your -- for Xilinx?
Victor Peng: Tristan, I would say that, well, we do see strength improving in multiple markets. I think we still want to take pretty much a cautious approach here because there's still certain uncertainty in terms of the pandemic, how the Congress response, of course, you have the presidential election. So I think I'd defer to give any guidance right now in FY 2022. Certainly, when we have our Analyst Day in December, we'll go through all of that. But what I would -- let me put it this way, though, I would say despite a number of different things happening in this FY 2021, we do still feel like we will hit double-digit growth. And over the long run, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're confident that data center will be our greatest growing market of all the markets we serve in terms of growth rate and that we will have sustained solid double-digit growth over the next several years.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, that's great. And then just a quick follow-up. It looks like you're not holding XDF this year. I wanted to understand how important XDF is in terms of building developer community around the use of FPGAs in data center? Is that something that you plan on hosting in the future? Has anything changed in terms of your vision on how to build FPGA traction and virus for data center or are there other means to develop that whole ecosystem?
Victor Peng: Well, I would say the XDF, like for everybody, that was for us a very big event and we literally would bring 1,000 or 1,000-plus in certain geography of people together, altogether. So, obviously, because of the pandemic, we wouldn't be able to do that. Then we looked at thinking about doing things virtually. And in the end, what we decided to do is actually modify that a little bit, and we have a sequence of different events called Adapt, right? This is new to continue to essentially convey the same information, get the same kind of users in various people together in a virtual setting. So, instead of having one big bang kind of event, if you will, we're spreading that over a series of events, virtual events that we call Adapt. So, I wouldn't say that we've changed our view of how important it is to engage with customers, partners, users, and so forth and of course, as well. I just think the mechanism, which we're going to deliver this year in particular because of the pandemic and so forth, we're changing it up a little bit. That's all.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Tom O'Malley: Hey guys, this is Tom O'Malley on for Blayne Curtis and thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to triangulate a bit more into the data center business. There was clearly a portion in September that was but the business has grown quite nicely from December to March to June. When you ex out the Poland and you look into December, you're obviously guiding that segment lower. But should we think about that business growing off of that June base or were the Polands enough where you're resetting to a lower base in December or should you see it higher than that $86 million or so that you printed in June?
Brice Hill: I think when you started out talking about how looking at the run rate overall for the year, I think that's how to really think about how we're growing here. Because, again, the quarter-to-quarter, we've always said typically is bursty and then you add on top of that, very short fuse kinds of government actions that's also caused some perturbations. But the important thing to look to see is, I think, in this stage of where we are with that segment is the year-to-year progress. And that's why I said, even though we're not generally providing guidance, I just want to say, in general, we still feel confident about, even in this year, growing double-digits, right? So, I think that's the key thing. I mean, in any given quarter, we are seeing volatility some that -- to some extent, I think, is natural, some that are a little bit unusual just because of the -- I guess, what I'd say is the trade environment today. And again, I think that we're seeing lots -- the things that we watch for, too, is the fact that we have lots of customer engagements, the fact that we still see our pipeline growing and that we see again, early discussion about not just on the compute side, but on the SmartNIC engagements as well as in storage and memory. So we’re pretty -- we feel pretty good in terms of year-to-year progress, and we're laser-focused on keeping that consistently growing double digits.
Tom O'Malley: Great. And if you could sneak me in for a follow-up. I just wanted to isolate the medical business. Clearly, there's probably some increased revenue due to what's going on in the world right now. And you guided aerospace and defense for a record quarter. Can you talk about what percentage of your business is medical? I know that on prior calls, you indicated that, that percentage was maybe increasing a bit. Can you talk about what you expect for that business, given maybe some pull-ins given the state of the world?
Brice Hill: This is Brice. We don't break out exactly what is medical, but we have seen accelerations in the area for the COVID environment. And we do think it's a driver for our business going forward long term. We had an announcement this quarter about an MPSoC product that will be deployed for AI X-ray capability with one of our customers. And we think that's a good example of Victor's strategy of the adaptable SoCs at the edge, bringing more capability in the environment and helping Xilinx address more workloads. So you're right, it's a good driver for us, and it's those types of applications at the edge that will be a driver for that particular end market.
Victor Peng: And by the way, I would also add that aside from direct medical equipment, which we're designed into a lot of places, we also are seeing medical applications and modeling and simulation in the cloud, right? So we've talked about a number of ISVs that are focused on medical and they're doing cloud acceleration. So we see that also within the DCG business, if you will.
Tom O'Malley: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. Two questions about data center. First, Victor, earlier, you talked about double-digit growth in this market. And one of the things that I've tried to pay attention to is what you said at Analyst Days. And the last one, I think the company presented this 36% Sam bogey from 20 to 24. I'm wondering if that's still a realistic expectation? It seems like you're beating it in some quarters, not in others. Is the long-term view still that you can hit that 36% growth number or perhaps better or worse?
Victor Peng: Yes. I mean, I think what I would say is that, we don't think things have changed that much other than, yes, 2020 was a challenging year for a variety of things. So there'll be some impact of that. But I'd say, overall, we're still in that ballpark of growth, right? And again, we'll talk about that at Analyst Day. But we still feel very confident, and we do really think that this is a long-haul kind of strategy, right? We're not as focused on what happens quarter-to-quarter. We want to make sure that we're progressing year-on-year. And not just on revenue, but again, the pipeline, our ecosystem development, the Alveo boards business, which, again, I want to bring everybody back to. We had no business there two years ago. And we're tracking to that being a good portion of our revenue for FY 2021. And so I think that new revenue stream, which is new, we have to stand up an entire different distribution channel, bars and distributors and system integrators, and we've done that now. And I think -- yes, I think we're -- overall, I would say, you're not going to hear big changes, but stay tuned for the Analyst Day in terms of more granularity on that.
William Stein: That's helpful. If I can have one follow-up? You've spoken a bit today and in the past about SmartNIC, and I think that's a very good business for you. There's a competitor that's highlighting this product, they call a DPU, although I'd say they're not the only one, there's at least two other companies that have highlighted similar products. I'm wondering if as Xilinx sees it, is this a marketing distinction, or is this a more meaningful different product? And if it's more -- if the difference is more meaningful, would Xilinx potentially have a play in that market?
Victor Peng: Yes. Let me first sort of say what I think is a good validation, which is that more and more people are saying the SmartNIC, they have to do a lot more customization in the data path, and they can't get away with just mainly a fixed function with a little bit of flexibility that the customers are demanding the ability to do more specialization for their unique needs, whether that's for security or just how to optimize and tune, right, the overall economics of their data center, right. And so I'd say that's a good trend, and people are now taking different approaches. That particular architecture is using a large array of fairly typical embedded processor cores, if you will, which really isn't the most effective, efficient way to do that. We approach it, obviously, with really very, very flexible and adaptive infrastructure that we have on our products. And we still have ARM SoCs. So from a software program portion of it, that's pretty typical. But how we actually do the acceleration and how we allow people to customize in the data path is, I think, much more powerful to deliver high-performance as well as low latency, and really, again, customized to exactly what they need. Plus, I mean, you could make very significant changes on the same piece of silicon after things are So just in terms of being able to make new features, capabilities or fixed new software homes -- I mean, sorry, security homes afterwards, we provide the most feature proofing, if you will. So I think we have that strong capability. I think I would also add one final thing is that our software and systems knowledge was significantly increased when we completed the Solarflare acquisition. So not only do we have this really uniquely powerful hardware, adoptable hardware, but now we also have really good experts in terms of production and quality drivers and overall system expertise. So I think that certainly served us well in competing against all the top players, including the one that you mentioned.
William Stein: Thanks Victor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from SIG. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks for the question guys, and solid quarter. My questions are around WWG, and even in the late stages of 4G, you guys were doing more than $200 million a quarter likely in WWG. And I know we're on the early side here, but I thought we were expecting a content bump and then also historically, FPGA has been on the early side of the deployment. So I guess, why aren't we seeing more versus our expectations some ways back? And then also perhaps you had a competitor, Qualcomm. It sounds like it's getting into the macro business as well. Do you have any views on their parts and whether they are a competitive threat for you guys in WWG? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Yes. So let me address a number of points there. So maybe on the -- we typically enable people to get there really quickly. I think we did see that, right? I mean, I think what happened with Samsung in deploying in South Korea ahead of all geographies. Frankly, even ahead of China, which I think everybody largely expected would go first and we were there, right? And we're there. In fact, we were there in such a big way. We were totally candid in saying that we don't expect to hold on to some of that because we enabled exactly what you said, getting to market very rapidly, and then over time, in the area in terms of the baseband, where we're traditionally not quite as strong, we got displaced. But we continue to grow where we have been traditionally been strong. And in fact, we have a strong hand in the radio. And again, it's going to be more radios, more different configurations with massive MIMO many different bands and so on. So I think we still absolutely believe that we will beat the 4G kind of run rate, but again, things are kind of in the early stages. And I guess the other thing is, I don't want to keep getting back to this trade thing, but it is quite significant that at this point one of our top customers and communications is zero, right? So I just want to say that, that is a headwind that doesn't just disappear overnight. In fact, I would say, considering we're holding, losing one of our top customers in any segment, but in communications and especially 5G wireless, that is a significant challenge. But despite that, we still see that we're going to exceed that. And what wasn't around in the 4G, again, not only because there's so much more complexity and challenges in 5G, but the whole evident that we talked about O-RAN, I think that's a really potentially very big opportunity for us, and we're the ideal solution for that. So stay tuned. It's still -- I know it's -- everybody is looking for the quick inflection, but this is a long journey here, and I think that we're still in very good shape.
Christopher Rolland: Yes, I think those are fair points. Do you have anything to say on the Qualcomm announcement and...
Victor Peng: I'm sorry, during the -- yes. Look, that just broke now, and look, I'm not going to pretend to be fully up to speed on that. I guess it doesn't surprise me again because 5G is such a big opportunity, and it's just showing folks who adjacencies are now wanting to move in. And look, I look at it more competition keeps you on your game, right? And that's why I feel like we're in a very strong position because we certainly upped our game with integrating things like analog capability and RFSoC, we've done with Versal, and you'll hear more announcements soon about other technologies that we're bringing to bear in that market.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, again, Victor.
Victor Peng: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Kevin Feeney: This is Kevin Feeney on for C.J. So just want to talk about wireless, and I was just kind of curious on what are a couple of, I guess, the critical inflections you see over the next couple of years? Like is that 5G and C-Band coming out or some of the other things you see ramping up? And then I guess, can you talk a bit more about design win activity you've seen maybe in second-generation equipment versus what you were seeing in first-gen equipment?
Victor Peng: Yes. I think in terms of the second generation, and again, people are in different stages. Some people are still feel early, others are pretty far along. I think one of the things that we think that just from a timing perspective, right, Versal was really not going to be in time for the first wave. But Versal is there for the second and again, the public, the one that's publicly announced is the work we're doing at Samsung, and we feel very good about that. Again, we have more coming down the pipe in terms of the RFSoC family. So, that's been really successful, and we've seen that deployed. I think we've talked about how a lot of the regions have not really deployed very significantly. And so I do think the fact that North America is starting to do their deployments and drive is a good sign. I think we -- I think we've consistently felt that most of the action is going to be in sub-6, but millimeter wave will be there. And our SoC is being deployed in some millimeter wave systems as well. So, yes, I think it's still pretty early because we haven't seen those second-generation equipment being deployed, but we're going to be in a lot of those systems, both with Versal and RFSoC. And again, stay tuned for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Victor, a lot have been focused on the call here on WWG and the data center businesses where there's potential inflections, and you guys are battling it out for design wins and that all makes sense. I wanted to actually focus on the primary AIT and ABC businesses. I think yourselves and your customer base have probably had some time to digest and another hiccup in the silicon road map at your primary competitor, and you guys have done some great work on those businesses with consistent road maps for a while. So, I just wonder if you could update us on sort of the broad-based design win environment that you're seeing versus Intel, Altera. And what that might mean for the next several years? And then just a quick one for Brice. I noticed it was a 14-week quarter in the guidance, and that's probably a holiday quarter, but if that's significant or not, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Brice Hill: Yes, Matt, this is Brice. Thanks for the question. I'll start and then Victor, I think, will add a couple of points on. First, on the 14 week, we do think it will be relatively small. Those are holiday days, but we do have approximately $10 million in our forecast for that 14th week. So, that's about the size of it. When we think about the core markets that you talked about, really, I think the first thing I'd say is our strategy for the adaptable SoCs, you could really see in some of the announcements during the quarter of getting designs in various end markets that are going to help propel the business faster than just the traditional FPGA market, but also gaining new sockets. Examples were in automotive, where we had two announcements on MPSoCs for automated driving systems and 4G radar. I mentioned the example of the health care, AI, x-ray design win that we had. So, we look across those end markets, and we see that in the short term automotive, and broadcast are going to grow quickly as the economy recovers, but there's also drivers as those devices get put in play in the edge and in autos. And we think that will be significant for the company. And then on the larger section of end markets, aerospace and defense, Victor mentioned the radiation tolerant device that we got an award for. We also think that radar innovation will help drive utilization for our devices going forward. And then when we think about industrial, the recovery is strong in industrial. We think that's tracking the economy. And again, we just focus on the edge opportunities we have for machine learning and AI and high performance, low power device operations, which is where our products specialize. And then finally, we talked about test measurement and emulation, and that's a big business for us, and we expect to have a strong quarter going forward. And we talked about our $35 billion transistor device that we have for that market that is optimized, and we think that, that market grows over time with product complexity. So really good drivers across all those businesses and we're confident that we'll have growth in the coming years that will be beyond what's normal for the traditional FPGA market.
Brice Hill: Yes. The only thing I'll add with regard to that competitive angle that you asked about is that, yes, we continue to and we're confident we'll continue to get our share relative to them overall. In fact, I think we've said it before in many instances now, we don't -- if they do compete, they're not necessarily in the short list of, I'd say, the most challenging competitors when we get down to design wins. Very often, it's really some other kind of product or certainly from a vendor perspective. I'd like to feel that most of that is really attributed to the fact that we're innovating and executing so well, as you said, the fact that they may have some other challenges in addition to that. Yes, that could have some effect. But I think, by and large, we're making our own opportunity there, and we think that will continue.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks. Really appreciate the color there guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Waller from Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Michelle Waller: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I'm on for Quinn. So just one quick one for me. It seems like Nvidia has been gaining strong momentum in inferencing, based on some of their recent benchmark results. Just wondering if you guys can update us on your progress in inferencing, and how that opportunity is shaping for you? And actually -- and then, a quick one for Brice, just on the tax rate beyond the December quarter. It looks like it's been fluctuating over the past few quarters. And just kind of wondering what we should assume beyond the December quarter?
Brice Hill: Okay. I'll tackle the tax rate first, and then Victor will comment on the other. So for the tax rate, yes, you probably noticed in Q2, we had an ultra-low tax rate, 1% on the non GAAP. And what really happens in Q2 is our share-based awards vest. And if they've appreciated, we get a tax benefit for that. So that's what's driving the lower tax rate for the quarter. When we look forward, you see a more normal rate. So, Michelle, the Q3 guide is probably more normal. And then when we think about longer term, we'll probably increase 1 or 2 points over time as our Singapore rate goes from 0% to 5%. So, hopefully, that answers the question.
Michelle Waller: Yes. Thanks
Victor Peng: Yes. And then, in terms of inference. First of all, I want to make sure everybody really does understand an inference goes well beyond the data center, right? So, for instance, all those applications you kind of referred to, recent ones in automotive wins, were in wins and other kinds of edge applications that I don't mean just edge computing, but just edge devices as well as endpoint devices. So we're doing very well, I think, in the broader inference. Within data center, I think we've always said is that most applications are not completely dominated by the AI portion, the neuro network processing. And we're able to accelerate other portions of the application. That's why we kind of coined for whole application acceleration, right. And so I think the areas where we tend to shine is where we're actually accelerating other parts of the application as well as including AI. And yes, we continue to be focused on inference. We're not really driving towards training. So the competitor you mentioned what they're doing, that's fairly new. We'll see how that plays out. And -- but again, I think that we're accelerating not only AI inference in the cloud, but also just applications that don't necessarily have AI at all. And I think that's what to think about it is that we are not building hardware that has to be dedicated to only do one thing. Again, we have this great dynamic range, if you will, of all these things that we can accelerate and support, and enable people to really differentiate.
Michelle Waller: Okay. Thanks. That’s helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from SMBC. Your line is open.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Hi, guys. A couple of questions, Victor. First on the SmartNIC market. It looks like a lot of you guys are talking about DU and Marvell and NVIDIA, et cetera, it looks like there's an inflection in the market itself. I know SmartNIC has been around for a while. I'm just curious as to what's driving that inflection? And then I think you did mention about $100 million potential from one of the design wins. If you could give us some idea how big that business is for you? And when do you see that hitting that $100 million run rate? And then I have a follow-up.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yes. Look, I think the reason why there's so much momentum towards SmartNIC is, one, is data centers are means to upgrade just the bandwidth that they have. But I think the clear recognition that having driver code to support more networking is really causing the economics of the data center to be somewhat bottlenecked by that. So by offloading, running that code, which you don't get paid for right, you don't get monetize, monetize those codes by doing that. If you could shift that off to the -- to a SmartNIC rather than just a dumb NIC, then that's a big win in and of itself. But then there's -- it goes beyond that because there's lots of things that people want to do in terms of security. And then indeed, you could actually do computation, right, well, data is in motion, right. And I think this is all part of the bigger picture that the data center architecture is being disrupted, right? I think many people really -- people smarter than I in this, coin the phrase that the entire data center is really the computer, that people want to compose resources of how many CPU cores they need, the amount of network down, service level that they need there and then storage, and there’s really going to be computing distributor throughout all of that. And we play in all those areas, right, with one scalable architecture and that is unique. Other people have to do that with multiple different types of architectures and devices though. So the SmartNIC is just one part of that whole, I guess what I would say is disruption and revolution in the data center architecture. And again, we -- the flexibility, the ability to customize exactly what people need and also to change things that are pretty significant way after they've been deployed, I think those are the unique value that we enable our customers with. So in terms of the $100 million that we talked about, I think we referenced that we see that run rate hitting in the FY 2024 time frame. Obviously, the revenue will start somewhat before that, but it will be a fairly quick ramp. And that is just to be clear, one customer. We've got multiple that we've already won, and we've seen business from. But obviously, there's different things in the pipeline that we haven't yet converted to wins in revenue. But yes, a lot of good activity in SmartNIC.
Srini Pajjuri: Got it. And then more of a strategic question, Victor. Given all the M&A that we are seeing, in particular, NVIDIA looking to acquire ARM. It looks like, certainly, there is a case to be made for having both the accelerator and the CPU together or at least as part of the same package or module. You guys have been -- have done extremely well on the acceleration side. And you also have ARMSoC capability, which you've been investing in the last few years. So my question is, does it make sense? Or why wouldn't it make sense for you guys to be a bit more aggressive on the CPU front, even kind of targeting things like ARM server market, because that seems to be finally taken -- I mean, I don't want to use word the word taken off, but at least there seems to be a lot of interest in that market, and you already have the expertise in house. And I'm just curious, given the large TAM opportunity out there, why wouldn't it make sense for you guys to target the market?
Victor Peng: So first I would say is that this group has been very disciplined and respectful about what method top of us not commenting or answering any questions regarding the rumors. So, since you were asking me about how I think about CPU market, I'll focus it that way as opposed to any other noise around M&A. I believe that Xilinx has got this unique technology and capability. We invented the FPGA in this whole mission of a silicon architecture that after manufacturing, you can modify it to a very large extent through software. And that being a very scalable architecture, and over time, adding more and more capability to that, to the extent, as you point out, a number of years ago, now we've had multi-core ARM SoCs in there. So we do have SoC capability. My own background as I was back when I was doing real engineering, a microprocessor designer. So we certainly have many other people with that expertise, but we really feel like we want to stick to the core strength of this company, right, and the core strength of the company is us understanding how to create that hardware architectures that are very capable, including this adaptability, flexibility, together with the software that you need to sort of make that happen, right? And I think it serves us well to stay to our really core strength, but we do have expertise in those areas. But I think from a strategy perspective, that is not something we're thinking about is going out to server class kinds of CPUs. I think we have a lot of capability in SoCs and we'll exercise that. But really, it's the combination of all those elements, right, the SoC, together with the adaptable engines together with now our AI engine, a multicore tiled kind of many people consider the spatial processor. I mean, I think we have pretty much all the skill sets of the future, which is heterogeneous computing, high-performance heterogeneous computing. And that's what we'll focus on, right? That view of the world as opposed to say, hey, you're not going to take on companies that have historically been all about CPUs and computing. So...
Srini Pajjuri: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Question is on O-RAN. And if you could expand upon some of the comments there about where you expect to play on that? And I guess specifically, where would you expect content to go on Xilinx -- content to go in the O-RAN architecture? And what's the value proposition for Xilinx against competing solutions? Where you guys win on that architecture?
Victor Peng: Well, I think with what we've done with our RFSoC and then future things that we're doing again, you can think of it in one sense is it's consistent with our story of how we're transforming to more of a platform company as opposed to a component or device company. And I think, as I've said, not only is RFSoC a unique silicon architecture, but we have our own IP and we've worked with customers in terms of -- we talked about being formula, but there's other functions, primarily on the radio side and some of the other things in digital front end that we've really gotten a lot stronger on terms of just our own state of the IP and the system what we say. Now, for O-RAN, we're still partnering, too. So, I'm not around professing to state that we have all the elements. And from a software perspective, we're partnering both with AltioStar as well as Naviner and we've worked with other players as well. So, I think that a lot of it is not just the silicon, but we've come a long ways in terms of understanding the system solution, right? And again, you'll hear more about that. And I think in O-RAN, in particular, because O-RAN is going to have to be -- when that's deployed, it has to interoperate with a lot of different things and these deployments are unique and all these different carriers have unique things. And I think this flexibility that we just talked about that permeates all of our products is going to be very important in the O-RAN situation, right, to be able to not have to do custom silicon for all those things that have one base of hardware, a platform that you could then customize for all those different deployments and different configurations. So, that's why I think we think we're really well suited for O-RAN, and we have both some of the knowledge and we'll partner with others as well.
Chris Caso: Thanks.
Operator: And we have reached the allotted different questions. Mr. Victor Peng, I turn the call back over to you for some closing remarks.
Victor Peng: Thank you. So, look, I just want to say in closing, I'm extremely proud of my team's excellent execution, delivering these very solid Q2 results despite COVID-19 challenges and even the most recent trade restrictions. We're making great progress on our data center customary wins and engagements that you've heard, we're seeing good adoption of Alveo, and we continue to grow our software and ISE as well as the broader ecosystem. And we've had a lot of discussion on -- while in the near-term, quarter-to-quarter, revenue is still lumpy, we're very confident in our data center strategy and we're very confident about being able to sustain double-digit growth over the long run. We expect WWG business to resume growth. Again, as RFSoC volume continues to ramp and then once Versal also begins production deployment, and of course, as 5G, in general, becomes more broadly deployed around the world in all the different geographies. While O-RAN is still in its early days, it's gaining momentum, and we believe this is a very big opportunity for us in the future. Lastly, our core business is showing strength in several markets, including very encouraging sign for recovery in the automotive business, which was impacted a little bit more than others. So, we're extremely focused on our platform transformation, growing our ecosystem and deploying a very robust and complete software development environment. We're also enhancing our capabilities to deliver customized solutions for our customers to meet their needs in the most optimal way, balancing performance, power costs, again, enabling very fast time to market and also a degree of future proofing. So while 2020 has been -- presented several challenges, we remain confident in our strategy and sustained solid growth over the long run. So thank you for joining us this afternoon on the call. And I'll turn it back to Matt for a few housekeeping comments.
Matt Poirier: Great. Thanks, Victor, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 7:00 PM Pacific, 10:00 PM Eastern later today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 will be on Wednesday, 25th of January, after the market closed. This completes our call, and thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Chantel, and I'll be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx First Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin your conference.
Matt Poirier: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Bryce Hill, our CFO. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the company's financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisitions. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the company's ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website.  This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt, and thanks to everyone for joining today's call. I hope you and your families are healthy and well. Let me start with an update of the COVID-19 situation, before I discuss the business highlights and results. Our supply chain has been operating without any significant disruption, and the business performed well overall despite the COVID-19 challenges. Most of our employees are working from home, except in China where employees have been allowed to return to work. For employees and contractors, who must be at our sites, we have adopted daily health screening. We require masks and are practicing social distance. Travel restrictions continue to be in force worldwide. We're not experiencing any significant operational challenges and continue to execute well on our strategy. When we provided guidance for fiscal Q1 on our April earnings call, a significant uncertainty about how much impact COVID-19 would have on supply chains and overall demand. As we progress through the quarter, the business is performing better-than-expected in multiple markets, offsetting weakness in others. This demonstrates the strength of our business model in addressing a diverse set of end markets and our progress in executing our strategy in a challenging environment. We also saw some benefit in Q1 from customers accelerating orders due to the U.S. Department of Commerce, removal of License Exception Civil End Users, also known as CIV licenses. Given the better-than-expected performance, and recent actions impacting our tax rate we provided an appropriately revised guidance in late June. Fiscal Q1 revenues were $727 million, which is at the midpoint of our revised guidance. Compared to the original first quarter guidance in April, PCG and WWG revenues were stronger-than-expected and more than offset weaker revenues in ABC and to a lesser extent, in AIT. AIT was lower-than-expected due to a meaningful customer program time issue that moved revenue into Q2. As I mentioned, a portion of our revenue rate was attributed to the removal of CIV licenses and that primarily affected our AIT and WWG businesses. The advanced products category constituted approximately 68% of total revenues. Zynq based revenues declined 7% compared to last quarter, primarily due to lower Zynq sales in the automotive businesses. Zynq sales were 18% of total revenues. Zynq revenue and design win momentum continued to be strong across our target markets. And we're confident our SoC revenue will grow to be a larger portion of our total revenue over time. So now, I'll move on to specific business highlights, starting with DCG. We made significant progress in our DCG business during the first quarter. We had growth in the adoption of our smart NIC solutions, cloud service provider deployment of Alveo based compute AI clusters and strong revenue from Solarflare NIC adapters. We secured multiple new design wins with hyperscalers and OEM customers. In the compute space, we saw a great interest in our recently announced RT Video Server and Alveo adoption by fintech customers. In networking, we have seen 100-gig smart NIC engagement momentum with hyperscale customers and are conducting proof of concepts for 200-gig SmartNIC solutions. Finally, in storage, we saw next-generation storage platform commitments from one of the top three OEMS, smart SSD evaluations initiated by fintech customers and qualification by a leading video customer. We continue to make great progress transforming Xilinx to a platform company and growing our ecosystem. We had over 34,000 downloads of Vitis since we announced it late last year. To date, we've trained nearly 14,000 developers and we have approximately 1,000 software partners who are releasing a growing list of production applications. We announced the establishment of Xilinx adaptive compute clusters at four of the world's most prestigious universities to train the next-generation of software developers on our powerful adaptable platforms. These clusters provide critical infrastructure and funding to support research and innovation and adaptive compute acceleration and HPC applications. In the communications market, one of our Tier 1 OEM customers is expected to ramp RFSoC production this quarter for sub-6 gigahertz massive MIMO radio applications for North America deployment. And our design win pipeline for RFSoC continues to build. Our strategic engagement with Samsung continues to deepen as we collaborate on their second-generation 5G radio that includes beam forming using our 7-nanometer versal ACAP. We believe we are in our strongest competitive position ever with breakthrough products like RFSoC and Versal, the ability we give our customers to differentiate with all our adaptable products and lastly, our commitment to deliver customized solutions to meet our customers' needs. Our strong position comes at an excellent time because, as you know, O-RAN ran is an emerging opportunity for us. And the O-RAN momentum has been building over the last several months. We recently joined the Open Ram Policy Coalition to support the development and deployment of open RAM 5G technology. We've been an active member of the O-RAN Alliance, and it contributed to the 3GPP specifications 5G mobile network. We're actively working with many key stakeholders to ensure 5G and future networks will be openly developed in or operate and adaptable. Moving on to our diversified core businesses. We continue to benefit from the solid foundation these markets provide in terms of diversification and consistent cash generation, which enables us to reinvest in these markets as well as our high-growth markets. During the quarter, within the Industrial business, we saw a surge in products related to health care applications as a result of COVID-19. And we expedited approximately 350 orders worldwide to support global efforts to control the pandemic. Aerospace & Defense continues to be a secular driver within our core business. We further strengthened our position. We recently announced the industry's first 20-nanometer space grade FPGA, delivering full radiation tolerance and ultra-high throughput and bandwidth performance for satellite and space applications. The launch of the first 20-nanometer product for these applications advances the space industry by three process node generations. This breakthrough product is the first to enable machine learning inference, together with unlimited on orbit reconfiguration for real-time onboard processing and space. In the auto business, we have secured a strong position in ADAS, including driver, monitoring systems. In the last six months, we've won five major Tier 1s with our Zynq product family. We believe the auto business bond out during our fiscal first quarter, and we have started seeing signs of improvement in recent bookings. We are cautiously optimistic about the auto business beginning to recover in the second half of the year. As vehicle sales recover, we expect to see our design wins translate to revenues and resume robust long-term growth. Now before I turn it over to Brice, let me share what I believe our solid Q1 results demonstrate in these extraordinary times. We can, and are, operating safely and effectively to deliver for our customers and execute on our strategy, even with most of our employees working from home. Our diversified core markets continue to provide a solid and resilient foundation, consistently generating cash flow even during a global downturn. Our DCG and WWG businesses grew despite significant headwinds which validates our long-term growth strategy. The auto business appears to have bottomed out, and we're confident over time, it too will resume robust growth for us in the long world. We continue to make progress moving to adaptive platforms, growing our ecosystem and software base and delivering optimized solutions for our strategic customers. We're in a better competitive position than ever to increase our market share, expand our San, and emerged from this COVID pandemic as a stronger company. Thank you and now over to Brice.
Brice Hill: Thank you, Victor. As Victor mentioned, visibility and confidence improved throughout the quarter, resulting in total revenue of $727 million, in line with the revised guidance we provided on June 29, and significantly above the guidance range we provided on our April earnings call. The company executed well and delivered GAAP gross margins of 68%, non-GAAP gross margins of 69%. We reduced expenses quarter-over-quarter after the Q4 restructuring, helping to achieve GAAP operating margin of 24% and non-GAAP operating margin of 26%, despite the lower overall level of business due to the pandemic. Free cash flow was $230 million or 32% of revenues, reflecting our efficient fabless business model. Our continued profitability allowed us to return $146 million or 63% of free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. During the quarter, we also lowered our cost of capital and increased liquidity with a new debt offering. Our balance sheet is strong and gives us options to pursue business opportunities. Our business has been stable during recent crises, benefiting from servicing a broad set of customers and end markets, some impacted by COVID and other headwinds and others gaining by the move to digital and online services. Specifically, data center group revenue grew 10% quarter-over-quarter and 104% year-over-year, driven by accelerating adoption of our SmartNIC solutions, cloud service provider deployment of compute AI solutions, and continued strong revenue contribution from the Solarflare acquisition. Wired and wireless group revenue increased 27% quarter-over-quarter, but declined 33% year-over-year. Please note the year-over-year decline was largely due to the effects of trade restrictions on Huawei as well as ASIC related product transitions, which have largely run their course. In the quarter, we saw better-than-expected performance in both wired and wireless businesses. Wired outperformance was driven by access network and 5G-related core network build-outs as well as accelerated orders related to CIV rule changes. Wireless outperformance was driven mainly by 5G rollout in China. Wireless also experienced some CIV related order acceleration. AIT, or aerospace and defense, industrial, test and measurement end markets, revenue declined 13% quarter-over-quarter and 2% year-over-year as these end markets came off the second quarter, a record quarter in Q4. Test measurement and emulation, the TME end markets declined more than expected due to a meaningful customer program rescheduled to Q2, but was offset by outperformance in the industrials end market in part due to CIV accelerations. ABC or automotive, broadcast and consumer revenue decreased 24% quarter-over-quarter and 29% year-over-year reflecting the impact of COVID-19 on our more consumer-oriented markets. The automotive end market was significantly impacted by factory shutdowns and a steep drop-off in global auto sales. The lack of live sports and shutdown in TV and movie productions negatively affected the broadcast end market. Company level gross margin was at the top end of guidance with GAAP gross margin of 68% and non-GAAP gross margin of 69%. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is due to M&A-related amortization. GAAP operating expenses of $318 million or 44% of revenue and non-GAAP operating expenses of $314 million or 43% of revenue were in line with our revised guidance. Operating expenses were higher than initial guidance due to increased variable compensation related to the revenue outperformance in the quarter. GAAP operating income was $176 million or 24% operating margin. Non-GAAP operating income was $187 million or 26% operating margin. Our GAAP tax rate was approximately 43% and non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 8% below our revised guidance. Non-GAAP taxes were lower-than-expected due to more of our income coming from lower tax jurisdictions. As a reminder, our GAAP tax rate was impacted by a onetime charge related to effects of a third-party legal proceeding related to cost-sharing arrangements. Please refer to our 10-Q and 10-K for more disclosures on this item. GAAP net income was $94 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.38, a 42% quarter-over-quarter decrease and 60% year-over-year decrease. Again, please refer to the cost-sharing arrangement tax reserve in our disclosures. Non-GAAP net income was $160 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.65 per share, a 17% decline from last quarter and 33% decrease year-over-year. Diluted share count decreased to $245.5 million. Now on to some balance sheet and cash flow items. Gross cash was $3 billion with $2 billion in total debt, reflecting our issuance in May, of $750 million in 2030 notes. This debt issuance, positioned us to repay the $500 million 2021 notes due next March, as well as to increase our liquidity position. Accounts receivable, increased to $305 million and is at 38 days, compared to 33 days last quarter. The DSO increase is driven primarily by linearity of distribution billings within the quarter. Net inventory decreased to $292 million and days of inventory stands at 114 days, down from 122 in the prior quarter. Inventory depletion was largely driven by higher-than-expected revenue, relative to the original forecast. The lower inventory and slightly higher cost of sales resulted in the, days of inventory reduction. Overall, we generated $245 million in operating cash flow or 34% of revenue, and $230 million in free cash flow or 32% of revenue, reflecting the strong cash-generating ability of our fabless business model. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 700,000 shares at an average price of approximately $78 per share and paid dividends of $92 million. Turning now to the outlook for fiscal second quarter 2021. Note that our guidance for this quarter reflects the narrower range than what we provided on our April earnings call, which was wider than normal due to the uncertainty around COVID impacts. The range we provide today is more in line with, what we think are reasonable guidance ranges for our business going forward. We expect second quarter revenue to be between $730 million and $780 million, which at the midpoint, is up approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter and down approximately 9% year-over-year. This reflects overall business strength, with strong recovery in our core markets, led by TME and A&D as well as in auto and broadcast markets. Our data center group is expected to be flat to slightly down, off a record Q1 and WWG is expected to decline due to digestion of CIV accelerated orders. Overall, we are pleased with the strength of our business over the first half. We see signs of strengthening in multiple markets through the rest of calendar 2020, but the economic conditions are still quite fluid, with the pandemic and U.S.-China trade relations. Some additional color into our end markets, within AIT, TME sales are expected to increase meaningfully, due to strong emulation prototyping program revenues. Aerospace and Defense sales are also expected to increase, due to certain Defense-related programs. ISM is expected to decline after a record quarter, but still in line with historical levels. We have started to see some pickup in manufacturing activity, as Europe and Asia have started to recover from COVID-19 impacts. We remain vigilant, as the pandemic continues to play out in the U.S., with potential follow-on effects to the economy. ABC markets are expected to recover, from lows in Q1. The auto market is expected to strengthen. Broadcast is also expected to increase with innovative new applications related to higher-quality Internet-based videos, as well as pro AV customers, building inventory ahead of potential demand in this December quarter. Data center group sales are expected to be flat to slightly down, from a record quarter in Q1 as customers digest SmartNIC deployments. As we have stated in the past, we expect our DCG business to continue to have quarterly revenue fluctuations, driven by large customer order cycles. We have a solid pipeline of design opportunities with hyperscale customers and see strength in our networking efforts, both in smart NIC solutions and traditional NIC adapters from Solarflare. WWG is expected to be down sequentially with wireless moderately down as CIV related digestion is partially offset by a significant 5G-related RFSoC ramp for a Tier 1 OEM. Wired business is expected to be down more than wireless due to CIV related digestion. In general, broad work from home shifts have changed demands on network capacity, and we expect increased investment in broadband communications and security over time. Note also that, our outlook captures orders from all customers as we believe we now have a better handle on what we are able to ship to countries and customers impacted by trade restrictions. Fiscal Q2 GAAP gross margin is expected to be between 68.5% and 71.5%. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be between 69.5% and 72.5%. GAAP operating expense is expected to be between $326 million and $340 million. Non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be between $322 million and $336 million. As a reminder, our fiscal Q2 contains annual employee compensation increases related to our focal process. GAAP as well as non-GAAP other expense is expected to be approximately $15 million. GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 0% and 3%. Non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 1% and 4%. In closing, I want to emphasize the stability and profitability of Xilinx's diverse core business as well as the tremendous opportunity Xilinx has across all of its businesses. Our strategy remains on track as we continue to progress on our transformation to a platform company. We will continue to invest in our product road map, highlighted by our 7-nanometer reversal platform in derivatives as well as our Vitis software platform and ecosystem. We also continue to execute on our Zynq road map including our RFSoC and the new MPSoC offerings. We believe that we will emerge from the global pandemic with a stronger market position. We remain well positioned to expand our market leadership and capitalize on opportunities across all our end markets as the global economy continues to recover from COVID-19. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Thanks for letting me ask question. Congratulations on the strong results and appreciate all the detail. Victor, I'm wondering if you could help us just understand on the CIV rule changes. How much of an impact did you think that had on the June quarter? How much do you think it will impact from a digestion period on the September quarter? And I guess it's a backdoor way to try to get an answer around the RFSoC ramp that Brice kind of commented on in his prepared comments. How big is that opportunity and is this the beginning of something even bigger?
Victor Peng: Yes, great question, John. And look, I think the CIV has puts and takes in it, frankly. And what I would say is that it's hard to really quantify with precision, order of magnitude, think of it as low tens of millions. So our strength is due to what we said. In the data center, we had a very strong quarter. We had strength in WWG, but there was some CIV so in the Q1. Now in terms of Q2, we really see very little further on effect. We did say that in certain areas, there will be a little bit of digestion of that. But for the most part, I don't think it's really that meaningful. With regard to the RFSoC that is a very significant win, and we're really excited about the fact that it's the North American deployment. And it's just the start. So we do think that, that is something that we'll continue to deliver good revenue. Now as we said many times and in general, deployments, by definition, are somewhat bursty. So it's not like what we see going forward now in every single quarter, we'll see that kind of thing. But overall, it's the beginning of what we've said for quite some time. The RFSoC is a really unique product out there, and we're really excited to see another deployment. And so yes, I do think it's – it is the start of something bigger, and I think it is just the beginning of this one particular significant deployment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joseph Moore: I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the uptick in the data center business that you saw. It sounds like it was more kind of driven by the networking side is that the right interpretation? And then I have a follow-up on the SmartNIC piece?
Victor Peng: Yes, it was good uptick in terms of SmartNIC as well as compute. And also we're seeing fintech adoption, some good interest in fintech. Good amount of that is Solarflare, but we also have other engagements going on. So it's really nice to see. It was a record quarter for us, and we're really excited about that. And of course, we're still in a stage where you might see some burstiness from quarter-to-quarter. But obviously, the trend is in the right direction. And certainly, what we're doing with the ecosystem is encouraging so.
Joseph Moore: And then how are you thinking about that SmartNIC business? Are you – look, it seems like there's a part of that business that's going to be large deployments at hyperscale, where people standardize around certain solutions. And then there's lots of smaller pieces of it. How are you thinking about which segments you're attacking? And how is that business pursued differently through Solarflare versus through other customers?
Victor Peng: Yes, what I would say is, first of all, we definitely see opportunity with the hyperscalers as well as, I think, enterprise over time and other players. I think everybody knows the hyperscales tends to move more aggressively and it takes a little bit longer to move into the enterprise. And so yes, and by the way, I think there's a combination of things going on. I mean, people just need to go to the higher bandwidth, but also people are doing different levels of offload and processing. So it is just the beginning, and it's a really exciting area for us. In terms of fintech, Solarflare already had a position, obviously, in financial technology. A lot of it was around their very low latency techniques. And we're still seeing that expanding. But now we're seeing it going beyond some of the traditional applications that they were in as well. And that bodes in terms of both those products, but also taking a look at Alveo for the route.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks for taking the question. I had one for Brice, not so much related to this quarter. But I guess it's been a couple of months or maybe several months since you joined the company, I'm guessing. You've had some time to learn more about the company, the outlook and the opportunity you set. How are you thinking about sort of the medium to long-term financial model? I know you guys had an Analyst Day coming up in a couple of months, and I don't expect you to preview anything. But in terms of driving efficiencies from an OpEx perspective and how you're thinking about the balance sheet and cash flow going forward, any insight would be helpful? Thank you.
Brice Hill: Okay thanks, Toshiya. So, first as you mentioned, we're only giving guidance for Q2, and we are planning an Investor Day for the second half in the October, November timeframe. We'll get back with the date where we'll be specific. On the balance sheet, just really quick, we'll start there. The business has been strong. Victor pointed out in his commentary. We're profitable in this crisis. We've been profitable in prior crisis. So we feel fortunate that we're adding cash, adding earnings to the balance sheet and we're in a good position to be able to consider additional opportunities, both organic and inorganic. So the company is in a strong position financially, and that's great. When we think about the long-term business model, what the company has described before, significant growth opportunities in data center and WWG and then also higher growth rates in our core markets. And we'll detail this in – when we have that Investor Day meeting, but we're excited about the opportunities in automotive. We think we'll be able to extend opportunities in test measurement and emulation. And also the aerospace, defense, industrial, medical businesses, all of those have products that are improving our position in those markets, and we're pretty bright on the prospects for growth in those markets. So, that's what we'll discuss when we get to that point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Brice, you mentioned that the ASIC transition is behind the company. And I was just wondering, what kind of time frame are you referring to because it's always been the case, Xilinx has ASIC transition. So, what gives you the confidence, unless it's for a couple of quarters that you're talking about, that we will not see further ASIC transitions? And I have a really quick follow-up on the advanced product side, the down year-over-year versus core. Is that largely related to Zynq and Huawei is that the right interpretation of that underperformance versus core? Thank you.
Brice Hill: So on the first piece, I think the ASIC transition, we're talking about are for designs that were specific to 5G infrastructure. We knew some of the designs that we would lose. And so, we think we're past that. I don't think we're saying that we'll never have an ASIC transition again, but the effect on our business from a quarter-over-quarter perspective that we saw from last year to this year is largely complete, and we're competing for new business. And then the – Victor you want to add?
Victor Peng: Well I guess, I just would like to say again, I think he was really trying to clarify the big year-over-year drop, right. And we had talked about that on the previous earnings calls, and that's all these referring to. And again, I feel that we have a stronger position than ever against ASICs and competing as ASICs is not new, as you said. But I think people have over rotated into the notion that we always get designed out, but that’s really not been the case. And I think, again, Brice was just trying to clarify the big year-over-year change, but once you complete the second half of the question.
Brice Hill: Look I'm sorry. Could you repeat the second half please.
Ambrish Srivastava: Yeah, sorry it was Adam and thanks for jumping in Victor for the clarification. Yes, my question was on the advanced products being down more than the core and – am I correct in assuming that that's largely, because it's usually counterintuitive to see the advanced products down more, but I'm assuming that's because it probably likely due to Huawei as well as to Zynq and automotive is that the correct assumption?
Victor Peng: Well, the way the way to think about it is, since we had a lower quarter on Aerospace, Defense test and measurement emulation. And we had a number of accelerations related to CIV, the CIV accelerations were in a lot of cases older products. And so that was a slight mix change just based on the end market mix for the quarter, and we'll expect that to, you know, flip as we go into the second quarter where you have. Where we'll have increased business in Aerospace and Defense, test measurement, emulation et cetera. So it's really just a reflection of – the end market mix for the quarter.
Brice Hill: Well, there's that part and then, as you said, on Zynq specifically, yes automotive certainly was down quite a bit. So on the SoC portion of that and that is definitely Zynq auto.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: How should we look at the RFSoC when ramped in North America versus opportunities that you have in China in base station. Over the medium term, which one is the bigger opportunity. And also, when do you benefit in China from the non-Huawei ramps as they diversify base station suppliers?
Victor Peng: So with regard to RFSoC, we see deployments in multiple geographies. In fact, at this point, we have deployments in all the major geographies. So – and we think that will continue. Again, it's been out in the market now for a while, and there's still no product like it in terms of fully integrated, monolithically integrated, high performance ADCs and DACs together with the digital processing. So that's been unique, and I really think that's kind of a long life and to be deployed in all the regions. With respect to share shift, I guess, that's what you're referring to in China. Look, we've seen some of that, but I would say that it's not super meaningful from what we can see. I think in some of the other geographies, I think everybody is aware that, of course, there is some more shifts to non-Chinese vendors in general, not just Huawei in Europe, and India certainly is moving in a different direction, although India, it's really delayed in terms of 5G, but just in terms of wireless infrastructure as a whole. So I'd say, yes, we do see some shifts. I mean nothing as of yet very material. But obviously, it's still a dynamic situation. And implicit in your comment, I guess, is around some of the recent restrictions around that impacts Hisilicon and Huawei. And again, I think it's probably still a very dynamic situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: I guess I wanted to clarify John's earlier question. On the CIV pull-ins, was there any impact to DCG and then for the main question, for gross margins, very nice range, particularly at the higher end of that range. I'm curious, what would have to happen for you to hit that 72.5? And I guess as part of that, anything mix wise that stands out to certain products? Or is this really just a function of WWG following up pretty severely in the quarter? Thank you.
Brice Hill: Thanks, C.J., its Brice. I'll start on that one. Some of the CIV acceleration volume did go to data center, a small portion of it. So that's fair. Basically, three groups, data center, WWG and industrial, all had some of the orders that were accelerated in the quarter. On the gross margin changes, as you highlighted, the really not changes in price or cost much during the quarter. It's really end market mix that drives the gross margin, as you sort of alluded to. And so in the second quarter, we're expecting a stronger mix of aerospace and Defense and test measurement and emulation. And that typically drives our margin higher. And we think we put that range out there. It's all going to depend on the end market mix, as we get through the quarter where we'll end up in that range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Another question, I just want to understand that there being pieces on the CIV pull-in. Maybe you can just talk about - I mean, if you look at the strongest group in WWG, it's up 27%, and it's not down that much in the guide. So I'm just trying to understand, one, are you just saying that you have products that are backfilling it? And when you look at tens of millions of dollars, is it incorrect to think that WWG got the biggest contribution?
Victor Peng: It was mixed across the three groups I mentioned. When we think about it, we look at Q1 and Q2, and both quarters are stronger than we originally anticipated, the major driver being strength in data center, WWG and industrial businesses for the two quarters. Low tens of millions like we described in Q1, and the reason we say it's difficult to see is when we accelerated some of that product in Q1. We essentially had to displace product that we were shipping to other customers, and so some of that moves to Q2. So we just suggest, look at both quarters we're ahead of expectation in both quarters. We do think the net effect in Q1 was in the low 10s, and it was across those three end markets.
Brice Hill: Yes. I'd like to actually jump in again and sort of say, the business is strong independent of CIV. And I think, the CIV causes some movement across the quarter, I would also be clear that in some cases, the CIV wasn't - it didn't have a positive effect because of concerns around the continuing escalation between U.S. and China. So I don't think people should walk away from this saying that our strength was based on that. It's a portion of what we saw in that order of magnitude. No, not that meaningful. And really, if you look at going ahead, virtually, we have strength in multiple markets. So I think, that's - I understand people trying to tease that out. But I wouldn't over rotate any of the emphasis on CIV.
Blayne Curtis: And then, just maybe a quick follow-up. Since they are trailing products, could you still ship to it if the customer wanted to it or is there part of this restriction that you no longer can ship to them?
Victor Peng: We’re asking for licenses from the government, so those products had an exception. That exception was removed. We applied for licenses. We've gotten a number of licenses, so you know our hope would be that we'll be able to continue shipping the products to customers.
Brice Hill: Yes, well, it's a mixed bag, right I mean some won't. Some have. By the way, you know, people should understand is that this is not affecting just Chinese companies. These are multinationals that have operations in China as well, so we have licensed that definitely covered those. U.K. word Chinese companies but you know this is why, you know, there are really put some takes, right. And some of it we feel like we work with the customers or figure out another way and some of it is - not going to be there, so…
Operator: Our next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great, thanks for taking my question. It's really about the data center and market. And I apologize if I missed this, but I think you said this was going to be flagged down in September. There's been quite a lot of discussion about digestion period, wondering if you'd be willing to comment on how you expect that to extend over the next couple of quarters have customers, perhaps overbuilt in a meaningful way where we should expect some period of digestion beyond the quarter. And the other question relates to this and that's about the split, if you can remind us between let's say vertical applications like networking versus FPGA as a service, if you can just remind us what that split is approximately? Thank you.
Victor Peng: So on the first part - back to the - when you say digestion, I don't know whether referring to CIV or just general digestion. I mean, in terms of the markets that had some impact with regard to CIV, the data center was probably the least. So that's one thing just to sort of put that in, in terms of a qualitative sense. But I think in general right like when we have deployments in the data center, You know usually is they do a buy and then they use that for a while they don't continuously buy that's just the nature of most of the purchases. And then as we said in the past as we're scaling this quarter the quarter things vary a bit. So, you know, this you know flat class just slightly down off of a record quarter I don't think you should read too much into this, you know, a tremendous amount of digestion going on right, that's one part of the question I guess. In terms of FAA versus sort of networking opportunities, you know we don't break out FAS specifically we just kind of put that as one sub category within compute. And I would say is that you know we saw winds and some, some good momentum in both areas, but I you know in terms of SmartNIC as well as in compute, I would say that, you know, for the near term, you know, there's good strength in both probably right now. A lot of really good activity on the SmartNIC side, I think the you know the real time video system that we had just this place was in great interest there first time that we have a much more of a turnkey solution. So, we'll see how that plays out into revenue, but I think there's strength in both areas compute as well as SmartNIC.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: If you, Victor, could update us on the timing and migration path to 7-nanometer? And are there some applications or end markets or customers where process technology leadership is particularly sensitive and that we can get some, sort of, accelerated growth for that end market or applications? How are you thinking about that? Thank you.
Victor Peng: So Versal is progressing really well. We're on track as exactly as planned to go into their for production at the end of this year. And that's – and of course, we had the big announcement in terms of Samsung and their 5G equipment. We have multiple customer engagements in many, many different industries. So that's one that's most notable that we made public. But that's really going to be a broad market thing. And this production is just the first device in the product family, which there are like multiple subfamilies. So 7-nanometer transition is just beginning. And that's why, indeed, we're actually still doing 16-nanometer tape-outs because of the strength of the 16-nanometer generation. So I think this transition is starting to happen. We're in the early phases of that. And again, we are still getting very strong design wins and activity on the 16 nanometer. And I think you might be wondering like, gee, certain parts of the industry is already talking about 5 or whatever. And I think the really important thing to keep in mind is at 7-nanometers, and for that matter, 16-nanometer as well, we significantly increase the capability of the products that we put out there, right. You, kind of, mentioned the RFSoC see multiple times. Nobody has that integrated RF capability, and all capability together with digital logic even after us being in the marketplace for a couple of years. Versal, again, there's no other products like that or more direct competitor in that area did a much more evolutionary move in terms of their architecture. So we're providing capability and value to our customers through a lot of innovation architecturally, we're not as reliant like in the old days and just moving to process those because if you follow this industry back when it was just pure FPGAs, right, not Energen's acceleration with SOCs and other architectures. Then it - they mattered a lot more getting to the next node because that's the only way you really deliver more capability, right. So I think we've really - we continue to move to advance, but we're really innovating at the architectural level and other forms of integration. So I think that's why you may see, like, okay, why wouldn't you be moving to the next architecture, but that's the reason. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Okay. I’ll certainly ask a question. I just wanted to talk about the AIT segment for a bit. I think everybody understands why that was weak recently. But going forward, can you just help us size first how big is the TME side of things? And then as you think about growth in September and maybe even to the calendar fourth quarter of this year, how are you looking about the company specific growth versus the macro side getting better? Especially in that TME side, which tends to be so lumpy?
Victor Peng: So on the TME, it can be a sizable business for us. You saw we had a record Q4 in that business. And in Q1, it was a little bit lower, but we do expect it to strengthen in Q2 again. And that particular business, we do a good job of optimizing our products for the customers, and we have a strong product line that will improve their ability to get short development times, faster validation, etcetera. So there's lots of opportunity for the company in that particular business. When we think about AIT in general and we think about the macro, there's probably – we do expect to grow faster than the macro. We're all looking at and hoping for a V recovery. We do think that the market will benefit from the recovery, and we'll track that. But we have tailwinds in terms of being able to gain share with the products that we're developing in the space. So TME market looks good. Industrial will recover along with the macro economy. On the medical side, we expect that, that will continue to benefit from trend toward automation. And then in Aerospace & Defense, we also think there's many programs there that will continue to grow that end market over time. So if you're thinking about the long-term growth rate there, we do think it will be – it will exceed the macro.
Brice Hill: Yes. And maybe just kind of point out that in this quarter, our expectations is, in the core markets, every submarket is going to grow, except for perhaps ISM, because it was a record, right. So, really there’s broad growth across all those core markets. Auto, obviously, had a severe downturn. It's still going to have an uptick from that, but it's still got a ways to go to get back to it. But the breadth is across every market, except for ISM, which had a record, and the – our expectation still be solid. So, yes, it's pretty broad.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Ramsey with Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Yes, good afternoon. I wanted to follow-up a bit on the process technology angle. There were, obviously, some pretty big news out of Intel in the last week or so. And Victor, I'm completely – I think I agree with you, the architecture and a lot of the things you're doing on software, et cetera, are increasingly important in your end markets. So I get the commentary that you gave with respect to that question. I wanted to explore the other side of it, which is sort of certainty of road map and certainty of supply, given some of the commentary out of Intel that owns your chief competitor. How have you seen your customers react in the last week since some of the news? And is certainty of road map and certainty of silicon supply critical to the long-term design wins that you're getting? Or maybe am I overemphasizing that in my own thinking? Thank you.
Victor Peng: No, I think it's a good question. I mean, I think, that we've done – I'm very proud of our team in terms of the execution that we've been doing for a number of generations, actually. I mean, if you followed us, we used to talk about how we had a 3P in getting leadership, and we sort of stopped talking about that, not because we're no longer doing, but actually because we expect that our customers have come to be very accustomed and expect that we just – we say what we do and we do what we say. And they can count on that. Right? So I think we continue to execute really well, and that is important. I think our delivery and execution in terms of providing supply and on-time delivery and all those metrics are - we get really high marks. We do customer set studies constantly. That's always part of the KPIs of my operations team. So, we're very proud of our record there, and that's certainly - I guess what I would say is some of the recent things maybe underscore that more, but I would say that that's always been a strength, and I think our customers all acknowledge that. We've been in a strong position in automotive. And you may have heard me say in the past, people want to talk about certain sexy kinds of topics, but one thing that's super critical if you're on safety is you're low PPM, right? So, how few failures that you have, and it's really, really hard. It's really not very sexy, but we do a really good job at that, and we get very good price from our automotive customers. So, I think it's a very important thing, but I think it's something that we've always been doing. And I think what you're alluding to is the other side is, obviously, more recently challenged, but we just stay focused on making sure that we continue to execute with excellence and deliver high quality.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Actually, a quick clarification and a question, if I may. Clarification, how large was Solarflare in the quarter? Was it like low tens of millions? Any rough amount would be useful? And then the question, Victor, I just wanted to slightly challenge this notion that the ASIC conversion is complete because if it can happen at one customer, why can't it happen at other customers, right? The original ASIC transition was at Samsung, but then after that Nokia also announced multiple ASIC suppliers for 5G and said FPGA solutions are expensive. So, I'm just asking, technically, if it can happen at one customer, why can't it happen at other customers? Or is there just a difference that maybe it's happening on the baseband side and maybe not as much on the radio side? And if that is the case, how sustainable is that? So it's more a technology question.
Victor Peng: Yes. Okay. Well, so look, on Solarflare, we don't break out and fine granularity. But I would say is that since we've acquired, the revenue is up essentially multiple tens of percent. So, that is doing well. And so just on that part now, switching to the ASIC thing is that, I think Brice said, and I've always said that we're not saying we don't think it'll ever happen. Again, his comment really was around just explaining the year-on-year change. And yes, as you know, part of that was based on, and absolutely, we're much stronger in radio, and that's traditionally the case. I think the important thing you need to maybe pick up on is that with currently our products in [indiscernible] and in addition, I talked about how we are delivering customized solutions for our customers, right? And we've done that in the past, and we've actually up leveled that a lot more, where based on critical needs, we would do derivative products. We work with them. In some cases, we're doing effectively join engineering together. So, we're delivering a lot more value than we ever have. So, it's not that I'm saying inherently, of course, it's possible that there'll be ASIC replacement. I guess what we're really saying is that we know we're delivering tremendously more value than in the past. And we have these really innovative products. And I think it's going to be a tough value statement to be. And we're always happy to compete that's always been the case. As I said, we've done this in the past. And yes, sometimes there is ASIC replacements, but we have a pretty big business in communications for a reason, right. And all those Tier 1s, as you know have ASIC team. So, that's why I keep getting back to it. It's not really new, but we've really upped our game to, that's the bottom line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Victor I just had a question on the millimeter wave side. Just wondering how - what your share is there? And the U.S. looks like Verizon and U.S. sellers seem to be being fine, but AT&T and T-Mobile accessing is slowing down, but just wondering what you're seeing in the U.S. and globally in the millimeter wave side, and then I’ve a follow-up?
Victor Peng: We do have deployment in millimeter wave. I think - but I do still think that the 6-gig and below bands, that's going to be very important. I think millimeter has its applications, but it's also has some technical challenges. We can play in both do play in both. I think it's pretty early to talk about share. But again, we see opportunity, and we are working with people in both, and we still really feel like our bandwidth capability is really important and quite leadership in lot of ways. So, I think we feel confident that we can win both of those spectrums.
Vijay Rakesh: And I think in China, you mentioned outside [ph] of some of the restrictions, you're seeing some of the other guys pick up. Just wondering, when you look at ZTE or Ericsson, how you're seeing those opportunities? And obviously, first half was pretty strong in China. Do you see a slowdown into the back half, like the dilution from the post of 5G expansion there or? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Yes well, I mean first half was a bit of a mixed bag. Obviously, that China got impacted by COVID a lot earlier, and they had a hard shutdown, then they came back strong out of it. They're obviously still trying to hit their original goals for deployment in this calendar year would probably end up being more on the low side. And I think our team estimates in the 400,000-ish sort of range in terms of base stations. So I would say that, obviously, there's - it's very dynamic. I think we've seen, as I mentioned earlier, some degree of share shifts. But if you're talking about Chinese versus non-Chinese suppliers in the China market, at least what we've seen, we haven't seen anything materially change there. There might be some changes, but nothing really material. Obviously, I think it's been in the press quite a bit about what's recently been going on in terms of European, people saying that moving away from some of the Chinese suppliers in India as well. So, I guess we'll have to see, but I wouldn't say right now, we see any drastic share shifts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham. Your line is open.
Quinn Bolton: Just wanted to come back to the CIV issue just, you've given us some sense of how much was accelerated into the June quarter. I'm just kind of thinking if you look longer-term, is there any way to quantify how much of the business you used to do under the CIV exemption that's going to be permanently lost? And then, I've got a quick follow-up.
Brice Hill: Yes Quinn, this is Brice. As I mentioned earlier, we're pursuing licenses for the business. So at this point, we wouldn't really be able to quantify if any, we’ll be permanently lost. The customers will look to shift as they can also to change the mix of the products. So we'll pursue licenses and see if this can be equaled out and there will be no permanent loss that's obviously the goal. And go ahead with a follow-up.
Quinn Bolton: And just on the follow-up the North American RFSoC deployment that you mentioned earlier. Is that - can you just discuss the timing, is that taking place now or does that need to wait for the CBRS and the C-band options later this year before that deployment begins? Thanks.
Brice Hill: No, that is starting now. So it's just beginning. But so I think we obviously think that's going to be a long-lived win. And we expect to have more expanded opportunities than especially digital front end on radio with RFSoC.
Quinn Bolton: Thank you.
Brice Hill: Yes, thanks.
Victor Peng: So I think - are we going to do any more questions? Okay.
Matt Poirier: Go ahead, operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri with SMBC Nikko. Your line is open.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you for squeezing me in. First, a clarification and then a question Brice, on the tax rate, you're guiding for, I think, 3% or 4%. I'm just curious as to how we should model going forward. And then the question Victor, you seem pretty excited about the O-RAN opportunity. I'm just curious as to when you expect O-RAN rollouts to start? And is it because you see more opportunity for FPGAs and O-RAN that gives you that excitement or is there anything else? I mean, if - as opposed to selling components to Ericsson and Nokia, if you sell these components to O-RAN vendor. How is that different for you, if you could kind of talk about that that will be helpful?
Brice Hill: Okay. I'll go quickly. So on the tax rate yes, don't use the Q2 tax rate for your model going forward. Our equity grants vest in Q2, we typically have low tax rate in Q2, and that's what's happening. A lot of those have appreciated, and so we have a tax benefit in Q2. I would look back to Q1 and Q4 and use a blend of those for your looking forward. Victor?
Victor Peng: Yes. On the O-RAN side, I think the thing is - if you think about it, people are looking at how they can fundamentally reduce some of their hardware costs, but also then they'll differentiate and do that through other means from a software perspective. And if you think about it, that is something that we have always brought to the table for our customers is the ability to differentiate with hardware that is so adaptable, right. That the same hardware can be used and deliver different architectures, support different standards, be optimized in different ways. And in fact, you can change it right, even after you deployed it. So I think really what it is, is the reason why we're excited is because we feel that what people are trying to accomplish fundamentally with O-RAN is something that we really help enable and have always helped enable in a tremendous way. So and plus with the RFSoC again, I think we're creating more value. We're solving more of the whole radio problem. And so we just see that as another big opportunity, right? Not only the Tier 1s, but also with Tier 2s. And we'll see. I do think it's still new technology, so it's going to be hard to call the exact inflection. But I'm sure you've heard that the momentum and the interest behind this has really picked up over the last several months so.
Victor Peng: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. I just want to do one closing because I know - and understandably so, there has been a lot of questions around the CIV thing. I just don't want to lose sight of the fact that we had a record quarter in DCG, displaying strength and multiple areas within that, both in compute and on the network side and as well as storage activity. We've really made tremendous progress in growing our ecosystem in the software story. 34,000 downloads just from a fairly - sorry 40,000 downloads over a short period of time and continue to grow ecosystem. So, I don't want to lose sight of the fact that we had really great strength there. And of course, there's some puts and takes in WWG. But we're really excited about the RFSoC opportunity as well as universal continues to be getting really good design activity. So just want to leave you with the strength. Then in the current quarter, as we said, the core markets, which had some puts and takes in the last quarter is going to come back really strong. So we're excited about it to go forward, and I hope this is helpful for you.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Poirier for closing remarks.
Matt Poirier: Thank you. I appreciate everyone for joining us today. We will have a playback of this call beginning at 7:00 p.m. Pacific Time, 10:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter of fiscal year 2021 will be Wednesday, October 21, after the market close. This completes our call, and thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Christina and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin the conference.
Matt Poirier: Thank you, Christina. And good afternoon everyone. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; Brice Hill, our new CFO; and Sumeet Gagneja, our Chief Accounting Officer. Since Brice only recently joined Xilinx and wasn’t here during the last quarter, for this call, Victor will provide the financial and business review of the March quarter and the business outlook for the June quarter. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information as currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the company’s financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period to period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisitions. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the company’s ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks Matt and thanks everyone for joining today’s call. I am excited to have Brice Hill, our new CFO joining us today. Brice welcome to your first Xilinx earnings call.
Brice Hill: Thank you Victor. It’s nice to meet all of you online virtually and I am thrilled to join Xilinx. I am impressed with the products, strategy, the vision of the company and specially the leadership team and just excited to contribute to the future. So thanks Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Brice. So let me start by spending a few minutes on actions we’re taking to address COVID-19 challenges and our assessment of potential impact to our business before moving on to Q4 FY 20 results and our outlook for Q1. Because of the uncertain business environment due to coronavirus, we will not be providing full year guidance for FY 21. I hope that each one of you and your families are staying safe and healthy. Our hearts go out to those who have been personally impacted by COVID-19. I also want to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to all healthcare workers around the globe who are on the frontlines of fighting this once in a century pandemic. As we’re all adapting to new ways of living and working, the physical and mental well being of our employees remains our highest priority. We have implemented work-from-home globally, except in China where the employees have been allowed to return to work. We’ve also enforced social distancing practices, have adopted strict travel restrictions as part of many other measures we’ve taken for the health and safety of our employees. We’ve worked hard to improve our employees work-from-home experiences and their productivity. In addition to the connectivity enhancements, we’ve increased internal communications to keep our employees both informed and engaged. To alleviate anxiety and enable better focus, I’ve communicated some items that there will be no workforce reductions during the rest of this calendar year. We’ll control expenses as appropriate by means other than job elimination. As a company, we’re doing our part to fight COVID-19. For our healthcare industry customers, we’ve formed a task force to provide special assistance, prioritize product fulfillment and expedite shipments. I am proud that our technology which powers millions of medical devices like ventilators, patient monitors, respirators, patient ICU beds play a role in combating the coronavirus. In late January, we supported China’s largest medical equipment maker Mindray with thousands of Spartan-7 FPGAs to power patient monitoring systems. We’re currently working to support some of the largest medical suppliers in the U.S., such as GE Healthcare as well as companies in Europe and Asia to supply products for testing and treating COVID-19. In addition, Xilinx donated a total of $1.1 million to several organizations including the WHO, as well as regional and local non-profit institutions. Turning now to our update on our supply chain and demand impact from COVID-19. Our supply chain remains intact without significant disruption. However, we started seeing COVID-19 demand related impact midway through the quarter with weakness in our Automotive, Broadcast and Consumer business. The weakness was more pronounced in the automotive business as car sales in China and around the globe declined significantly. We also saw weakness in broadcast in the China channel businesses. Nonetheless, our team has executed extremely well and the overall business impact in the quarter was relatively modest keeping us within our guidance range. Now I’ll talk about our fiscal year 2020. Fiscal 2020 was much more challenging than we anticipated. Our business is materially impacted by the U.S. export restrictions to Huawei early in the fiscal year and the overall challenging global trade environment, coupled with general weakness in the semiconductor market in calendar 2019. Despite these challenges, we had another record year with $3.2 billion of revenues growing 3% year-on-year. This is a testament to the resilience of our business which attribute it to the diversity of the markets we serve and the strength of our product leadership. In FY 20, we also generated $1.2 billion in cash flow from operations and returned significant value back to shareholders with $372 million in dividends paid and spending over $1.2 billion to buy back 12.9 million shares. Now moving on to the fourth quarter highlights. The Advanced Products category constituted approximately 70% of total revenues. Zynq-based revenues grew 2% year-over-year despite the impact of weakness in Wired and Wireless, and the Automotive businesses and represented 20% of our total revenues. Zynq revenue and design win momentum continues to be strong across our target markets. In the communications market, we recently announced a strategic engagement with Samsung for their second-generation 5G radio design that includes beamforming based on our 7-nanometer Versal ACAP. This engagement is driven by the compelling Versal value proposition, particularly our AI engine architecture as well as our commitment to deliver optimized and differentiated platform solutions for our customers. Telefonica, a multinational telecoms carrier announced its plan to build next generation wireless radio networks using O-RAN collaborating with Xilinx and other leading companies. Our RFSoC products will be used in their 4G and 5G radios. In the Data Center, we announced Xilinx’s first comprehensive SmartNIC platform, the Alveo U25. It combines a highly optimized SmartNIC platform of the powerful and flexible FPGA based engine. In addition, we’re working with Nimbix and Samsung’s SmartSSD storage group to deliver intelligent storage using FPGA based computational accelerators. Across our core markets, we announced a range of new advanced machine learning capabilities in our products for the professional, audio, video and broadcast markets. On the software front, we have had over 20,000 Vitis downloads since we announced Vitis this past November. We have trained over 10,000 developers to date, an increase of over 250% since last year. We have around 1,000 software partners working with us and a growing library of application. Lastly, we doubled the number of production applications running on our platform since the previous year. Moving to a review of our business groups and core markets for the fourth quarter. Our core markets performed largely as expected. We saw strong sequential revenue growth as programs ramped at multiple emulation and prototyping customers. A&D and ISM were both up as expected with A&D revenues growing double-digits. We had expected auto revenue to recover but auto revenues are flat due to COVID-19 impacts. As expected, AVB and consumer were weaker, but the weakness was more pronounced due to COVID-19. The Data Center Group performed as expected with strong sequential growth primarily due to contributions from compute acceleration, driven by a mix of both cloud and high performance compute customers. We saw notable strengths from a hyperscaler deployment of a FPGA-based SmartNIC and our DCG opportunity pipeline continues to grow at double digits, particularly in video, HPC, database and fintech applications. The Wired and Wireless Group performed better than expected. We had expected Wired revenues to decline but the market grew due to some strength in optical transport networks and access. Wireless revenues performed better than expected due to stronger radio shipments. Lastly, as expected the ASIC transition, which we talked about at length in the past, is largely complete. Now moving on to the financials for the fiscal fourth quarter. Q4 revenues was in line with our guidance range, despite the mid-quarter impact from COVID-19. Total revenues were $756 million, up 5% sequentially and down 9% year-over-year. Data Center Group revenue increased 77% year-over-year and was up 14% sequentially. Wired and Wireless Group revenue declined 46% year-over-year and was down 19% sequentially. AIT revenue increased 15% year-over-year and was up 30% sequentially. ABC revenue increased 2% year-over-year, but was down 13% sequentially. Gross margin was higher than expected primarily due to product mix with GAAP gross margin of 70% and non-GAAP gross margin of 71%. GAAP operating expenses at $350 million and non-GAAP operating expenses at $317 million were both below midpoint of guidance due to reduced hiring and discretionary spending. GAAP operating expenses included a pre-tax charge of $28 million related to severance pay expenses as we completed the restructuring that we announced in late January. GAAP operating income was $178 million or 24% operating margin. Non-GAAP operating income was $218 million or 29% operating margin. Our GAAP tax rate was approximately 15% and non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16%. The higher tax rates were primarily related to larger contribution of revenues and profitability from higher tax jurisdictions. GAAP net income was $162 million. Diluted earnings per share was $0.65 a 32% year-over-year decrease and a 2% sequential increase. Non-GAAP net income was $193 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.78, a 17% decline from last year and a 15% increase sequentially. Diluted share count decreased to 249.3 million. Gross cash was $2.27 billion with $1.25 billion of long-term debt. Accounts receivables increased to $273 million is at 33 days compared to 32 days last quarter. Overall, we generated $345 million in operating cash. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 5.7 million shares at an average price of $83 per share and paid dividends of $91 million. Turning now to the outlook for fiscal first quarter 2021. We expect first quarter revenue to be between $660 million and $720 million, which at the midpoint is down approximately 19% year-over-year and down approximately 9% sequentially. Our guidance incorporates the current assessment of the impact from COVID-19 with the somewhat broader range also reflecting the fluidity of the environment. In addition, customer-related program timing and dynamics, which I’ll go into shortly, are also contributing to the steeper than normal sequential revenue decline. That said, we’re entering the quarter with backlog ahead of our historical average which gives us a degree of confidence in our revenue expectations. The sequential decline in first quarter revenue is expected to be driven by lower AIT, ADC and DCG sales, partially offset by growth in WWG. Now within AIT, TME sales are expected to be down, but coming off of a record quarter in fiscal Q4 as E&P customers programs continue better at more modest pace. A&D sales are also expected to decline primarily due to a very meaningful purchase of a specific customer program in fiscal Q4, that’s not repeating in Q1. ISM is expected to be flat due to strength in the medical marketing -- the medical market despite headwinds related to COVID-19 and the other markets. All ABC end markets are being impacted by weak demand resulting from COVID-19. Automotive is expected to be meaningfully down, while Broadcast and Consumer are expected to be slightly down. DCG sales are expected to decline from last quarter. As I’ve said in the past, our DCG business continues to have greater quarterly revenue fluctuations compared to other businesses as we are in the process of driving our DCG business of scale, but we are laser focused on sustaining double-digit growth on an annual basis over the long term. WWG is expected to grow modestly with improvement in Wireless and to some extent -- a lesser extent, excuse me, in Wired business. Fiscal Q1 non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be between 68% and 70%. Non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be between $307 million to $311 million, which reflects our new adjusted spending profile. Non-GAAP other expense is expected to be approximately $13 million due primarily to expected lower interest income and foreign exchange hedging losses. Finally, our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 9% to 11%. Turning to FY20 and overall, while we’re not providing full year guidance, we believe the impact of COVID-19 related disruptions will be more evident in some portions of our core markets, including Automotive, Broadcast, Consumer, Industrial and semiconductor test. We expect the rest of our core markets to be relatively less impacted by COVID-19, but we are continuing to monitor the situation very closely. Despite a modestly slower 5G deployment ramp, we continue to see a strong pipeline of opportunities in WWG, We also expect DCG to continue to build its pipeline as customer engagements go into deployment at hyperscalers. Regarding our shareholder return programs, we plan to be more conservative with our buyback activity as we focus on capital preservation and further improving our strong liquidity position. Our Board has approved a quarterly dividend increase of approximately 3% to $0.38 per share and we remain committed to growing our dividend over the long term. We are focused on being good stewards of Xilinx’s capital and continue to drive free cash flow generation. So in conclusion, I’m extremely grateful and proud of our employees for the dedication they’ve exhibited and keeping our commitments to our customers and running the business while coping with COVID-19 pandemic. Despite today’s challenges, our belief in, and commitment to our growth opportunities in the Data Center, 5G infrastructure and Automotive markets remain undiminished. As the leader in adaptable platforms, we’re driving SAM expansion, share gains across our diverse and resilient core markets with innovative products like Zynq, RFSoC and Versal. We remain 100% focused on executing on our strategy to empower more customers with powerful adaptable platforms and deliver long term shareholder value. Operator, I’ll now open the call for questions.
Matt Poirier: Cristina we will turn to you for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. At this time I would like to remind everyone the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. Victor, I wanted to ask a question on COVID-19 and the demand impact that you’re seeing in your business. You gave great color in your prepared remarks, but I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit in terms of what you saw in the quarter from a revenue standpoint. If you can provide some numbers around the impact, that would be helpful. And then similarly for the current quarter, appreciate the level of uncertainty, but if you can kind of speak to what exactly you’re seeing across your customer base, as it relates to COVID-19, that will be helpful. Are there cancellations, push-outs, downsizing of projects? If you can kind of speak to those, that would be great. And then I’ve got a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Victor Peng: Okay. Sure, Toshi. So on fourth quarter, we did see some impact, but I’d say, all things considered, relatively modest, because it just started happening midway through the quarter and I shared the end markets like Automotive, I think somewhat pretty -- as you would intuitively expect. In terms of the current quarter, obviously, we’re seeing more meaningful impact. I would say that, as I said in the prepared remarks, it’s not only COVID-19, but if I had to point to one single thing on why the both the midpoint and then the range we’re providing is broader is due to COVID-19, and I think kind of went through some of the end markets that are more exposed to that. We are of course not only increasing communications with our employees but very much so with all our key customers with Avnet, our partner, with our supply chain, with our customers’ customers and a lot of the end markets. So we’re doing everything we can on this uncertain environment to collect a lot of information. And so what I would tell you is that, we are not seeing cancellations. We do not see things like double bookings because of work concerns around material. A few areas where there is people are creating buffer stock, but not very expensive and again overall, we have historically higher backlog than we ordinarily have. So I would say that we do have some confidence in that because of that and because of the high level of communication that we have engaged. That said, look, we’re definitely in uncharted territory. Right? So we have factored in some degree of, say, turns degradation over time and just the general uncertainty. So I think we are really trying to do the balance there. I hope that helps.
Toshiya Hari: Yes, that’s great. And then as a quick follow-up, on the Samsung 5G win with Versal, I was hoping you can help us again sort of quantify the potential impact to your business over the next couple of years. I’m sure it’s going to take some time, but both in terms of timing, as well as magnitude, how meaningful this specific win could be for your business? So if you can kind of touch on that, that’ll be helpful. Thanks so much.
Victor Peng: Yes. So Samsung is -- that’s a very meaningful win for us and opportunity and again this is for their second generation of 5G and I think we don’t break out specifics of customer revenue but it is a very meaningful engagement for us. And I think the bigger picture here is, again, we’re still in the early stages of 5G, what’s shipping today is first generation and what -- as you can see, we’re engaged in development of the second generation and pretty much all our customers talk about there being at least three generations. So we’re still in the early stages and we absolutely are confident that this is still going to be a very large long term opportunity for us. I think the other thing, as we’ve said in the past too, is it tends to be, even in normal circumstances, somewhat lumpy and now with the COVID situation, it adds more uncertainly. So I think the timing is more challenged, but pre-COVID, we still would have probably said that this is sort of later in the calendar year and then being more robust in the next calendar year. But now, of course, we’ll have to see with the COVID situation.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Victor Peng: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. Following up on that last question, the WWG segment, the revenues are down. I think Wireless infrastructure probably down to below 4G levels at this point. So, it seemed like a pretty compelling growth opportunity. At the Analyst Day, last year, you talked about what you see the total area under the curve growing by pretty impressive numbers, obviously you expected the ASIC transition, but you didn’t expect Huawei to become more challenged. But how are you seeing that opportunity out in the next two, three years? Do you still see significantly larger business than 4G even missing Huawei from that forecast?
Victor Peng: Yes, Joe, great question. I think two to three years out, we should, well, knock on wood, certainly, some of the challenges that we see in visibility with the pandemic, and out in that tight kind of timeframe, we do believe it will still be meaningfully larger than 4G despite not having the Huawei business. And, again, I know again considering that there was a -- this thing has been dropped off, but the fact that we were still able to have this being north of $1 billion after losing one of our top customers, I think, gives you an idea of that even in the early innings of 5G, this is strong for us. So yes, I think when we get through some of these kind of near term headwinds and uncertainty, it’s definitely still going to be a very significant opportunity for us. And again, this is both because 5G is going to be a much bigger kind of deployment and we’re offering a heck of a lot more value between our RFSoC lines, our Versal lines and just the way we’re working with the key suppliers. I think we’re really working very closely with them to get their optimized architectures out. So we still feel very solid about that. And I guess the only other thing I would say is that one thing about the COVID issue is that, in some markets, you could argue that there could be demand disruption and in this situation, I think it’s really delay as opposed to the demand disruption and, of course, timing of guessing what -- how the delay recovers or how that plays out is difficult.
Joe Moore: Great. And then just to clarify I mean you’re still selling some trailing edge product to Huawei I believe. Can you quantify that and there is, is there much Huawei to think about your forecast?
Victor Peng: Yes. Joe, it’s really pretty deminimis. I mean, we don’t really count on it and because it is pretty much more modest and it’s just not something we count on but from time, time we have some amount of Huawei revenue.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from CJ Muse from Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead. CJ your line is open.
Victor Peng: Maybe on mute.
Operator: Moving on to Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys can you hear me? 
Victor Peng: Yes Ross.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. Glad my mute button doesn’t work. Just had a question on the -- Victor, you said no double ordering, no buffer to speak of. I noticed your turns really popped up to kind of the higher-end or the highest end of what you guys do in the last couple of years. I guess, how do you judge whether you are seeing those pull-ins and why would the turns have popped up so much if it wasn’t pull-in behavior?
Victor Peng: Well, I think since we cover so many different markets, it kind of depends a little bit on what areas. But, I’d say, look, China is coming back after shut down and obviously, they’re pretty committed to driving their 5G deployments. But that’s one aspect where there is, you can imagine, some catch-up. I think some of the other areas people are -- or maybe concerned, although our lead times and our ability to deliver and ship for people have not been affected. But, it could be because of that, but we are talking to everyone very closely. And again there are some instances where people are doing that, but it’s still pretty modest and we absolutely have not had any cancellations and -- so far. But we understand that things could change, which again is why we’re putting in a bit of a broad range that we also factored in that into our midpoint.
Ross Seymore: Got it. And then one longer-term question. You mentioned about the wide array of engagements that you have in software development, etc, that can benefit your Data Center Group. I just wondered if you’ve seen the activity on your customer side change at all during the COVID side, on one hand, those are the customers that can keep their longer-term development going because they’re so well financed and see growth, etc. But people are fearing that even that market, if the recession gets nasty, would clamp down on some of the new launches that were otherwise planned and your company would benefit a lot from those new launches. So any sort of update on the activity you’re seeing from an engagement level from a longer-term perspective as well as kind of the near term?
Victor Peng: Yes, that’s a good question and it’s something I talk to my team and the sales group pretty specifically about. And people are really remarkable. I think, our current businesses -- our current customers, excuse me, and the customers that we’ve engaged in some meaningful kind of proof-of-concepts and things getting to trial to production, we’re not seeing any fall-off there. I mean, everybody is pretty committed to try and keep their businesses running. Where we could see, if this is very prolonged over a period of time, is capturing whole new customers, as you know, we’re gaining share as well as SAM expansion and we’ve already done a good deal of that. But I would say, right now, we see no impact to opportunity pipelines or anything. I’m just saying, not sure if this prolongs for a very long time, people are mainly focused on their current suppliers of course and driving what they’re doing there. But we don’t see anything material right now.
Ross Seymore: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to talk a little bit about the Data Center business. It sounds like you’re a bit more confident in the visibility that you’re seeing on proof-of-concepts moving into kind of production deployment. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you’re seeing there and how much traction have you been seeing from the SmartNIC category, obviously, the Solarflare Alveo U25 products? And then I have a follow-up.
Victor Peng: Yes, I think that, again, it gets back to the kind of quality and intensity of engagements and the results that we’re seeing people are getting. I mean they -- people -- when your’e a new platform, they’re only going to move to a new platform if they really do see significant improvements and we’re very encouraged about what we’re seeing and also the fact that, again, there’s very strong interest in the expansion of our Alveo line even though the revenue is still out in front of us as far as that goes. I think, I guess I’ll also say it, even in the pandemic, we have customers that are using our accelerators to accelerate their genomic analysis and simulations and things like that and so that’s again shining a bright light on the power of what some of our acceleration technology can do for some of these applications. So that is all encouraging. That said, again, the exact timing of how that ramps up tends to be a bit bursty and there is definitely going to be a little uncertainty here with the impending or the looming recession that we seem to be going into.
Aaron Rakers: Fair enough. And then on the Versal product, obviously coming off the heels of the Samsung announcement, can you just remind us again of where we stand, or how we should think about materializing revenue contributions and are you still on track with some of the product lineup expansion that you’ve previously outlined? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yes, again, when we did the reduction in force and -- that we announced in late January, and some of the other expense reduction measures, we were very thoughtful and making sure that we were not going to do any harm to anything strategic and our long term objective to drive sustained double-digit growth in the long term. And I think we’ve managed to do that and we’re going to continue to take that posture even through this downturn. We do have other levers that we can pull, should this worsen, but what we’re going to do is make sure that we’re positioned to take advantage of when that the recovery does occur in a very fulsome way. We are also very committed during this very trying time to be a very good supplier to all our key customers and so we are going to manage things, basically, responsibly, but we don’t want to do things that jeopardize a longer-term program. And that’s not only tape-outs, by the way, that is, as you heard me talk about the factors improvement we made in the ecosystem, we made in the software development in Vitis and just being ready for download for few months and the traction we’re getting there. So we’re definitely going to keep on the gas pedal, so to speak, in driving the ecosystem as well as the key programs.
Aaron Rakers: And, just specifically in 7-nanometer, would you expect that to contribute to revenue toward the end of this year, late in the year?
Victor Peng: Yes, I mean we will position for production of the first part, but then through next year and the next several years. As you know, it’s a very broad product family and we’ll be doing lots of tape-outs that will address many different market segments at different price and performance and power points. So we’re still in the early days of that, but as far as 7-nanometer, it will become it will really start to ramp next fiscal year, I would say. But, yes, we are poised to go into production late this year.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, thank you very much. Victor, I just had a question on where we are heading into and I was a little confused, why would backlog be up and what is your perspective on what we are heading into versus ‘08 or ‘09? Yesterday we had this representative from TI tell us that he is ripping open the -- not ripping, he is opening up the 2008, 2009 playbook to kind of think through revenue. So having lived through many cycles, what is your perspective on what we’re heading into versus the last one? And then I had a little bit longer term product question.
Victor Peng: Okay. Well, I guess the first point about the backlog, I mean, again it is very different depending upon markets. I mean, Automotive, very -- they meaningfully said that their forecast is way down from what they originally gave us. I mean, more than one very significant customer that the supplies the major OEMs. We also obviously, as I said, see pretty strong amount of weakness in AVB. There’s no sporting events, the Olympics is delayed by a year. So some of those things are pretty clear and so obviously we’re not seeing backlog there. But on the other hand, Aerospace and Defense, it’s really unaffected. I think there are certain areas that, in the long term, would actually increase the potential upside. It’s a little hard to know when or how. But just clearly there is a lot more activity both, work-from-home, as well as, entertainment from homes, so video streaming which was hot before the pandemic, that’s clearly going to go and increase. And one of the applications that’s really good at accelerating is actually video transcoding and other kinds of video processing. And that doesn’t have anything to do with AI and we could also do AI coupled together with some of those video processing applications. I think also communications infrastructure, again, the CapEx is -- we’ll have to see how that plays out, but it’s just going to be a lot more traffic. So I think some of those elements are probably why that occurred. And again, as you can imagine, we’re very sensitive to make sure that isn’t just inventory builds or things of that nature. So I think on the other part of the question about 2008, 2009, we definitely are looking at multiple scenarios. Right? And that does include looking at that and so I won’t tell you that doesn’t inform how we think about looking in the future and trying to be prepared from downsides as well as upsides but we’re a very different company from 2008, 2009. I mean, I think we have well over 40% more revenue. We -- Zynq didn’t even exist, just to bring that to perspective, that product didn’t even exist, let alone RFSoC, let alone Versal ACAP and we weren’t pursuing the Data Center market, right? AI didn’t exist back then, as far as any kind of big opportunities. So we feel that, while we consider that we think about that, for us anyway, our decision is that’s not the right blueprint. In fact, this is uncharted territory. It’s unclear there’s really any existent blueprint, at least from the way we look at it. So the last part of your question, are you...
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, no, I had a products related question. That’s actually pretty helpful perspective, Victor, thank you. On the Samsung design win, I’m just going back to the [indiscernible]. I mean, I forgot, the gentlemen from Samsung had come and presented and the relationship between you guys and them. So this is for the next gen. Can you just help us kind of understand because you guys have been on the back foot, I’m using an old cricket analogy from my cricket days, in terms of losing out design wins and ASIC replacing you and other ASSP solutions. So this sounds like something pretty meaningful and just help us frame the opportunity versus what you had in the first gen and against competing solutions, not necessarily against any competitor. That would be helpful. Thank you.
Victor Peng: Okay. And I recognize that there is just an awful lot of narratives going on for multiple different players here. So -- but I will say, I think, I’ve been pretty consistent in saying that when we had an initial much larger part, we were, I think, just open and candid that we ended up being shipped in production and the base down which is not something we had expected to hold on to persistently. We’ve always said that we -- and it’s true, historically we’ve been strong in radio, but we feel like we have further strengthened our radio capabilities with the RFSoC family and then I’ve always said that once Versal comes out, it’ll even strengthen further compared to ASSPs and ASIC opportunities because the significant increase in compute density, right, the level of integration and the fact that it is such a powerful true platform, right, it’s not a fixed solution. I’ve always felt that, that was going to significantly improve our competitive positioning. And the Versal Samsung engagement, I think, is bearing that out. And, again, remember we’re not in production with Versal yet. We will be prepared to go into production at the end of this calendar year and then you’re going to start seeing the train of all the other products coming out. So we definitely feel that we’re going to have a very significant position. And I’ve said in the past too that it is a very competitive market. But competing at ASICs is nothing new, right. I mean we’ve been doing that back in the 4G generation. Essentially the same customers we picked up and then now we are unable to work with Huawei. But I mean I think it’s obviously a core market we’ve known about for decades.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. Could you talk a little bit about any meaningful changes in inventory levels at the distributors and any potential supply chain disruptions that impacted your Q2 guidance?
Victor Peng: Yes, so in terms of our channel inventory, it’s not that much. There are some fluctuations, but it’s really pretty minor and we’re not concerned about it at all. We do talk very closely with Avnet, of course, so we don’t see any issues there. By the way, I know you asked about channel specifically, but our own inventory did reduce slightly. In terms of -- you said Q2, I think you meant Q1 guidance, but for us fiscal Q1 guidance, I think, again, we don’t have supply chain disruption. We are with TSMC still and so we don’t have any meaningful supply chain in China itself, which obviously had the biggest impact. And we have excellent relations with our strategic suppliers, so we don’t see that. And we, in fact, have reached out to all our customers to really reassure them in terms of our lead times and our ability to deliver for them. So it’s not -- we don’t see supply chain related impacts.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. And then as a follow-up, trying to see the progress that you’re making with the Vitis software platform and how much compatibility you’re providing so far and I know that it’s obviously a work in progress. Any metrics that you could provide us with such as maybe how many TensorFlow functions Vitis is supporting currently or anything that will gauge -- that will allow us to gauge the type of traction you have and what you’re targeting for the next year?
Victor Peng: Yes, I mean I don’t know if I can give you TensorFlow functions, but others in my group can, of course. But I think that, again, we’ve had 20,000 downloads and we only announced this thing in November. So I think the interest is very strong. We do have -- we’ve also done training, we know we have engagement with customers, but it is pretty early days. But it’s also not a static picture, right? We continue to add more optimized libraries, which by the way, are other libraries we provide and we also provide some reference neural networks for different kind of applications of markets, we open source all of that. So we are seeing very encouraging activity and really good momentum. But of course it will take some time for that flow through to actual revenue, of course. But we’re very encouraged and very excited about the traction we have so far.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from CJ Muse from Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse: Yes, hi. Sorry about earlier. And thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, I was hoping to head over to back to WWG and I guess outside of Samsung Versal and what you’re doing in 5G overall, can you comment on what you’re seeing in terms of your legacy networking business both wireline and wireless and how we should think about trends for that business?
Victor Peng: We are still shipping 4G and we do still think that there’ll be some ongoing business there even, even as 5G starts more fulsomely ramping. So we do see, on the wireless side, business there. On the Wired, as we said, we actually thought that was going to be weaker and it was a little bit stronger. And I do think clearly there, two things, again, I think there is a lot of traffic going on, right, because of both commercial activity with work-from-home, but also just all kinds of streaming and ultimately as there’s more wireless bandwidth infrastructure build out then obviously the core networks have to be upgraded as well. So I think we do see opportunity there. Again, it won’t be, from a percentage growth, quite as robust as we expect Wireless will be over time once we get through maybe some of the near term uncertainty and some of the engagements that we have in development go to full production. But we see that there will be strength in both, but again, Wireless will definitely still be stronger than the Wired side.
CJ Muse: Got you. Very helpful. And understandably with COVID, not giving full year guide makes perfect sense but curious on what you can control. Can you offer any thoughts on how should we think about OpEx through the year?
Victor Peng: Yes. Since we had done some reductions before we -- in [$0.01] ended up being for [$0.02] it is that we’re already in somewhat of a leaner mode. I think that there are some additional levers that we could pull as this plays out, if it turns out to be longer, deeper, whatever. At the same time, the way C.J., I’d like you to think about is what we’re going to try and do is make sure that we’re positioned to manage through if it gets more severe as well as if it does improve. We absolutely -- we are a bigger, stronger company than the financial crisis. We’re more strategic to a number of our customers and we’re building new relationship with the new key customers like in the hyperscalers, right. We weren’t even going after those back then. Right? So we absolutely want to make sure that we’re there for them when they -- either even just to make sure we could deliver what products they need even in the downturn or things are starting to inflect, we want to be there for them. So again I don’t want you to think that we’re going to go wild here, but we’re definitely going to try and make sure that we’ll help our customers and ourselves as well to come out even stronger from this downturn.
CJ Muse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon, Victor. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Just kind of curious, just given that the DCG story is very much sort of a customer penetration rate of adoption story. How does that work in an environment where many people are sheltered in place and we’re working from home? Is it -- can you give us some sort of a qualitative assessment of how you think your team is doing along the lines of customer engagement to try to drive growth in that business longer term?
Victor Peng: Yes, I think the customers in those markets, of course, of all, are probably the ones that are more proficient at being able to switch to working from home, the kind of collaboration that we have and so forth. And again, since those are really deep engagements at the technical level. They’re not just commercial kind of engagements. That’s absolutely proceeding. Our engine teams are having the same kinds of, in some place, weekly meetings and calls and people are able to whiteboard with the technology that we have for collaboration these days. So I think that’s really not been an issue. And again as I said, in some cases, that this is driving people to even more vigorously want to look for putting acceleration in place. I kind of referred to people doing genomics kind of acceleration and those kind of applications, we’re definitely seeing that. We’re also seeing -- we talked about streaming of course, again I think streaming was big before, now it’s even more so, because even more people who are doing entertainment and just everybody is creating their own tik-tok videos or whatever it is. So I do think that that’s continuing without any kind of interruption and again, you could argue that maybe when things really settle down, it should drive that opportunity to be even greater.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful, Victor. And then, Victor, I apologize for this question but it’s one that I get asked often by investors. I’m just kind of curious, there has been a lot of rhetoric and talk in some of the popular press that this administration might actually potentially ban all FPGAs going into China. It feels to me like a slippery slope argument because I’m not sure the difference between that and a general-purpose computing devices. But can you help us sort of handicap that risk and how should we think about mitigation factors on your end?
Victor Peng: Well, I think as many of you probably know, I’m also on the Board of the SIA and both the SIA and we individually are engaged in constructive dialog with the government to help them both understand the complexity of the global supply chain and the key care about for semiconductors and they’re certainly trying to drive some meaningful trade issues. However, we’ve been very clear, both as part of SIA and Xilinx on our own that blanket kinds of things like that. These sort of bludgeon hammers are going to do damage to the industry as a whole and the U.S. is the world leader in semiconductors and the last thing you want to do is really do material damage to the industry as a whole. And so we do not -- and we’ve been clear about that. We don’t think that’s the effective approach to resolve some of these issues. So whether that’s FPGA technology or it’s just blanket, everything needs a license going to China kind of thing. Those are examples of one instrument kind of things, right? I think the only other thing more specifically as I -- I mean Huawei revenue were precluded from shipping from them and clearly they’re finding some way to still build some 5G infrastructure. I won’t get into a debate about what that looks like and the details, but I think it’d be hard put to sort of say over a long period of time how any specific technology can be withheld forever and other than doing some unintended consequent damage. So I don’t know how to put probabilities on this, to be honest, C.J. I hope you understand. But we were clear about positions and again I think we’ve had good -- some good constructive conversation. So, sorry about that.
John Pitzer: Appreciate the answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein from SunTrust. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Great, thanks for taking my question. Victor, I know you answered a question on this already, but I’m going to ask if you could linger on this comment you made earlier about the ASIC transition. I think you said it’s largely complete. Maybe you can just remind us historically where have you played in the base station in places that you both get designed out of and where you can retain a position and confirm that I heard you correctly, that that transition, as it relates to 5G is complete already and what content do you have in 5G that you didn’t have in 4G. It’s a sort of a long question, it’s my only one. Thank you.
Victor Peng: Sure. Look, I mean, we’ve had -- traditionally we’ve had a position in radio and that’s been our strength where we’ve had more persistence. I don’t want to make it sound like we’ve had no content in baseband, but typically what we’ve had in the baseband is a much smaller percentage in terms of the content. In other words, a smaller companion FPGA, if you will, together with some sort of whether it’s an ASIC or some other ASSP. So it’s not that we haven’t had any baseband, but in the beginning, as everybody recalls, 5G deployment started sooner than what people thought in South Korea and we were being shipped both in the baseband as well as in the radio, and not just in South Korea, we saw a bit of that in other markets. And that was the part that we kind of said, look, we don’t expect to have that persist the level of content there. And so when I say it’s largely over, that’s what I was referring to. Now, look, I don’t want to sort of say that, okay, there will be no replacement whatsoever. Look, it’s a competitive market. We always have to deliver value to our customers and that’s what we aim to do, which is why we’re not just doing pure FPGAs. We significantly increase the value that we deliver to our customers and we’ll continue to do that, not only in the products, but also just how closely we engage. We’re doing a lot of close, I’d say, almost collaborative engineering work together to help them deliver to their goals. So I think it’s a combination of all of those. So -- but it’s complete as far as everything that we see on the horizon. And of course, we’ll continue to compete vigorously and I think the Samsung win is one example. And you’ll hear more over time.
William Stein: Thanks Victor.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, guys. Just one quick one and a product related follow-up. The first question is just within your ABC segment since Automotive is obviously going to be challenged. If you could give us a little bit of a just rough picture of how big the Automotive business is within that segment and just kind of the magnitude of maybe the drawdown into the June quarter that you’re seeing, given the sharp declines in auto production etc, that’d be helpful. And then I’ve got a follow-up. Thanks.
Victor Peng: So, okay, so, Auto -- okay. Auto, we don’t give exact details but auto is on the order of somewhat over $200-ish million, $250 million on an annual basis just as far as ABC. That’s the order of magnitude in terms of that part of the ABC basket of markets. And one thing I would say is that I think everybody knows that that’s going to be quite challenging. It’d probably take a bit longer to work through. But again, similar to the question on 5G, for instance, if you kind of go out to certainly three years and beyond, there is still a very big opportunity here, right? Because the OEMs are still going to be rolling out new models. We have a very strong position in advanced driver assist systems for safety systems and those safety standards keeps going up with each model here, right? So they have to deliver even more safety capability and what used to be kind of like options are now spreading into standard equipment not only in premium and mid range, but even into the value parts of people’s lineups. So there is -- well, things will be challenging and it’d probably take a while for end unit sales to go up, content is still going up for automobile and because there is a timeline on when they have to meet safety standards and so forth and we have strong positions in things like front camera, surround view, the new thing is monitoring systems, driver as well as passenger monitoring systems and automated valet parking. We do feel good when you get more out to that two to three-year timeframe, then we’ll have a very strong opportunity there and then certainly even going further out, fully autonomous driving, we are definitely being designed into those as well. I think we’ve already said that even before this situation that, of the three big growth drivers of Data Center, 5G and Auto, Auto was something that tends to take longer time anyways, right. This probably just pushes out a bit more.
Matt Ramsay: Got it. Thanks for the granularity and the context there, Victor. As a follow-up, I just wanted to ask in the Data Center business there is obviously the networking and the storage in addition to the compute pieces, but on the compute side, specifically, could you talk a little bit about your software and ACAP engagements? I’m just wondering ACAP Versal is a very different type of product that mixes general purpose and accelerators and PLD logic and just how the reception has been within the compute sliver of that business, specifically and how those engagements have been going? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yes, maybe first I’ll just sort of say, in the compute segment, in general, I think we’ve always said that we see in the long term, that would be the biggest opportunity. But that also is the area that requires the most heavy lift and build out in terms of our ecosystem, right, the applications, having fulsome set of ISVs and covering different applications. So -- but in the meantime, of course, we’re making good progress there, but in the meantime things like SmartNIC and then the smart storage areas, you don’t need those sorts of things. And so it’s a much more direct engagement with the highly technical teams of the customers. So that’s why you hear us talk about -- like recently you’ve seen some good SmartNIC activities and others. But coming back to the compute side, few things, one is, we did announce Vitis and as you see that it’s early days, but we’re seeing really good traction there. Versal is still also -- it’s just pretty new and I’d say that, for instance, our Alveo boards and some of the work that’s being done, there’s still a lot of work that’s being done on our UltraScale architectures, especially now that we’ve released these new boards like the U50, which has got HBM memory and have high half length kind of form factor. So really, really dense compute density in that form factor. And then the U25 now for SmartNIC, first time that we have that out. So I think that we are seeing good traction there in terms of applications within the compute side. I think we’ve mentioned video several times. I think database analytics is another one. We’re starting to see some good interesting traction in high-performance computing. And then there’s fintech and now genomics is something that we’ve done and typically medical takes a long time too, but that’s happening a little bit more accelerated now. So there are a lot of different applications. And I think Versal will take a bit longer just because we’re just in the very first product going to production. But once that’s there, we think the barriers are very high, because that’s a very powerful architecture and again there is a very high degree of, I’d say, software element to it, which again makes it stickier.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks very much.
Matt Poirier: And operator I think we have time for a couple more questions.
Operator: Certainly, your next question comes from Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Rolland: Great, thanks for the question. I’ll try to do two quick ones. I guess the first, just in relation to the last question, I think this is the first time you called out SmartSSDs. Maybe if you could just talk about computational storage, how large do you think that is as a percentage of DCG and what kind of growth rate are you expecting versus your double-digit segment growth rate overall?
Victor Peng: Yes, I think, we’ve got some good engagements there. Again, we don’t break into fine granularity, each of those. I wouldn’t say that it’s, today, a very large portion of the revenue, but I think that we do think, over time, it’s a pretty substantial serviceable market for us. If you kind of go out maybe about three years, we think this could be $800 million kind of level of opportunity. So we’re still again in the relatively early stages, but it’s sizable. I want to say that I don’t think the breakdown of our revenue today is necessarily reflective of the opportunity of that. I think everybody knows that there’s really disruption across the entire Data Center and where you do the computes and a lot of -- there’s a lot of movement toward trying to do the compute closer to where the data storage is, so you don’t use bandwidth and burn a lot of power in the Data Center moving data around. So I think it’s a good opportunity, but today, I would say, it’s relatively modest.
Christopher Rolland: Great. And then, I’ve been following you guys for a while, and in the old days, it used to be all Altera versus Xilinx and who is getting to the next node first and I understand that, Victor, under your leadership, you’ve really taken a different approach where you’ve emphasized architecture over node changes. But I guess my question is why didn’t you push 7 as well simultaneously? Why does it seem like it’s one or the other? And then should we believe that your decisions that you made at 7-nanometer should also inform us to the speed of 7 in which you will pay?
Victor Peng: So let me just make sure I understand when you say, why didn’t we just push 7? I think what you mean, why didn’t we just push trying to get out in 7, really, really quickly? Is that what you’re referring to?
Christopher Rolland: Exactly. 7 has been out for a while, so why didn’t you move more quickly? In the old days, it used to almost be a race to the next node.
Victor Peng: Yes. And again, I think the reason why in the old days it was a race to the next node was because both, us and the former Altera were just basically producing pure FPGAs. And it being a pure FPGA, the main way you deliver value to your customer is by increasing your capacity of gates, right? Because that’s how they implement more functions. So if we get the next node first and you have a higher density of usable gates then you’re delivering more value to the customer quicker. Once we started doing things like adding a multi-core SoC, like with Zynq, we started adding other things. We could deliver value not by just increasing our programmable gate count, right? Now, it’s a little bit of an oversimplification, right. I mean like, obviously we have some of the best sturdiest quality in the industry and certain other things, but that was really why back then when you’re doing just pure programmable devices, it was really mainly a race to the next gate. I will also point out that, now everybody is very hot on chip widths and other forms of advance integration. And as you know, we’ve been doing SSIT or what TSMC calls their CoWoS technology since the 28-nanometer generation. So I’ll also point out that, because we were already able to do more than mode load, if all you did want was massively large FPGAs, well, we are already there back in 28-nanometers. And we’ve had our SSIT portion of our product portfolio ever since. Right? So I think it’s a combination of architectural innovation, other forms of integration beyond just monolithic and in the case of RFSoC, integrating very advanced analog together with digital technology, that’s yet another form of integration that we’ve been a leader on. So, I guess, maybe the way to really think about it is, we’ve continued to integrate more value each generation. But we’re not doing it solely for getting to the next node. Does that make sense?
Christopher Rolland: It does. I’m just wondering why you couldn’t do both at once and whether anything might change as we move to 5-nanometers.
Victor Peng: Well, that’s the higher order bit. I guess if you go down to the next level of detail on is that -- keep in mind that UltraScale+ is an extremely successful product. So there is also just the pure -- because we have MPSoC, right, and then we have RFSoC and we’ve continued to also increase on the high end in just terms of really large capacity FPGAs with the VU19P, that was just recently released by far and away the leader and just maximum capacity. So part of this is also the great success of our [nanometer] products. It doesn’t -- didn’t require us just racing to the next node and then part of it is the Versal ACAP is such a powerful but complex architecture that takes quite a while to sort of develop and it’s going to take a while for our customers to fully adopt. But once they adopt it, it will be a very strong level of incumbency, I believe.
Matt Poirier: And operator I think we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, hi, guys. Just wondering, when you look at your fiscal ‘21, you mentioned ASIC transition mostly complete. Just wondering how you see the growth in the WWG, now that you don’t have that ASIC headwind. And I have one follow-on.
Victor Peng: Well, again, we’re not providing full-year guidance because of all the uncertainty in the environment, but I guess I want to go back to my comment that we overall still feel 5G is going to be a very big opportunity for us and even despite not being able to sort of Huawei anymore. So we still feel very good about the growth over time in the long run. RFSoC has continued to get great traction. Most of that volume deployment is in front of us, although we have had volume deployments in different geographies with different OEMs and then Versal is in front of us. Right? That’s all in front of us and we’re just talking about the very first design win we’re getting with Versal. So we feel very good about the opportunities we see in WWG, but I wouldn’t try to predict right now FY21.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And, I don’t know if you already answered this, but you mentioned two wins at Samsung, I believe one on the radar beamforming side for 5G and one on Versal for, actually, computing with Samsung. Just wondering if you sized both the opportunities as you look at the ramps there. Thanks.
Victor Peng: I think we mostly talked about the Versal Samsung 5G engagement. The other referenced Samsung with their SmartSSD and that 16-nanometer UltraScale+ based engagement. But clearly, with all our key customers, we’re talking together about our complete roadmap, but we have nothing specific to say about Versal with respect to Samsung storage at the moment. But, yes, we’ve got really good engagements in 16-nanometers with multiple customers that served in the Data Center as well as good traction in Versal.
Vijay Rakesh: Great. Thanks.
Victor Peng: You are welcome.
Matt Poirier: So Christina, I think we’ll wrap it up there. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We’ll have a playback of this call beginning at 5 pm Pacific 8 pm Eastern time. For a copy of our earnings release please visit our investor relations website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal year 2021 will be Thursday July 30, after the market close. This completes our call and thank you very much for your participation.
Matt Poirier: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin your conference.
Matt Poirier: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Sumeet Gagneja, our Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. As a search for our new Chief Financial Officer remains ongoing; for this call, Victor will provide a financial and business review of the December quarter and the business outlook for the March quarter of fiscal year 2020. Sumeet and I will participate in a Q&A portion of the call as needed. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events, or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents that the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the company’s financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisitions. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the company’s ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt and good afternoon, everyone. Let me jump right into our results for the third quarter and provide an update on our expectations for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Overall, the quarter played out largely as we anticipated. Total revenues were $723.5 million near the midpoint of our expected revenue range. We made a concerted effort to reduce operating expenses and achieve better-than-expected operating margin and GAAP earnings per share of $0.64 non-GAAP operating earnings per share of $0.68. Now, I’ll turn to highlights for the third quarter. The Advanced Products category constituted approximately 70% of total revenues in third quarter, a decrease of 4% year-over-year. Zynq-based revenue grew 26% year-over-year despite the impact of a weaker wired and wireless business. The Zynq SoC platform, which includes Zynq at 28 nanometer and both MPSoC and RFSoC at 16 nanometer, represented 23% of total revenues, which is higher than the year-ago period. We continue to see strong Zynq tracked in across our target markets, which is a positive indicator of our progression transitioning to platforms. Our overall customer engagement momentum continues to build as we positioned for the long-term profitable growth by executing on our strategy of growth in the data center, 5G and the automotive market as well as accelerating growth in our core markets. In the communication markets, we are actively engaged with a global non-Chinese OEM for second generation 5G radio design that includes beamforming and is based on our 7-nanometer Versal ACAP. Beyond communications, Versal continues to be well received by customers across several end markets. Well, our production shipment of Versal is expected to begin in late FY 2021. We have already recognized initial revenue from early shipments to customers. In the data center, Alibaba Cloud announced that Xilinx is powering the data center and is being used by their cloud services enterprise customers. They also shared that unprecedented traffic during Singles Day in China has proven the reliability and security of their systems platform running on RFPGAs. In addition Supermicro unveiled two new Alveo systems that power compute platforms to accelerate some of the most algorithmically demanding workloads in the enterprise and in the cloud. On the software front, as announced earlier, the latest Vitis platform is now available for download and free to users, who purchased Alveo development board. We also announced the availability of the Vitis AI inference development platform that empowers software developers to utilize deep learning acceleration framework like TensorFlow and Caffe. Lastly, we announced our Zynq MPSoC is powering Baidu’s production-ready Apollo Computing Unit for automated valet parking, the industry’s first dedicated computing solution for this emerging automotive application. Moving to a review of our business groups and core markets of the third quarter. Our core markets performed as expected with some adjustments and mix across our AIT and ABC markets. We saw less-than-expected declines in A&D and ISM while macroeconomic and trade related headwinds impacted automotive more-than-expected. We saw increased revenue from emulation and prototyping customers in TME market, albeit somewhat less-than-expected. This mix of revenue helped drive a higher blended corporate gross margin in the quarter. The data center group performed as expected and benefited from sales of both compute and networking products to hyperscale customers. Networking revenue from Solarflare somewhat outperformed expectations in the quarter. We also saw increased revenue from customers shipping storage class memory; however, this was offset by weaker demand from high-performance computing and some crypto customers. The wired and wireless group performed largely as anticipated with both wireless and wired down sequentially. Wireless revenue meaningfully declined because of the anticipated baseband ASIC transition and some program related delays with one of our global OEMs. Now, moving onto the financials. As I mentioned, total revenue was $723.5 million down 10% year-over-year and down 13% sequentially. Data center group revenue increased 8% year-over-year that was down 16% sequentially from a record quarter. Wired and wireless group revenue declined 18% year-over-year and was down 29% sequentially. Note that we had one communications customer that represented greater than 10% of revenues in the third quarter. AIT revenue declined 10% year-over-year and was down 5% sequentially. ABC revenue increased 10% year-over-year and was up 2% sequentially. Gross margin was in line with expectations with GAAP growth margin of 67% and non-GAAP gross margin of 68%. GAAP operating expense at $324 million and non-GAAP OpEx at $318 million were both meaningfully below guidance of $330 million due to significantly reduced hiring and discretionary spending. GAAP operating income was $159 million or 22% operating margin. Non-GAAP operating income was $174 million or 24% operating margin. Our GAAP tax rate was approximately 2% and non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 5%. GAAP net income was $162 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.64, a 31% year-over-year decrease. Non-GAAP net income was $171 million and non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.68, a 26% decline from last year. Diluted share count decreased to $252.8 million and gross cash was $2.4 billion with $1.2 billion in long-term debt. Accounts receivables decreased to $254 million and is at 32 days down from 37 days last quarter. Overall, we generated $324 million in operating cash flow. During the quarter, we’ve repurchased approximately 2.8 million shares at an average price of $93.70 per share and paid dividends of $93 million. Turning now to the outlook for the fourth quarter. We still believe Q3 will be our low quarter for fiscal 2020 from a revenue perspective. However, our revenue recovery is now expected to be more gradual than we had anticipated at the start of the last quarter. We expect total fourth quarter revenue to be between $750 million and $780 million, which at the midpoint of the guidance is down approximately 8% year-over-year, but up approximately 6% sequentially. Fourth quarter revenue growth is being driven by meaningful improvement in our core markets and moderate growth in DCG, but it’s significantly offset by greater-than-anticipated weakness in WWG. We expect modest growth from our distribution channel. For core markets, we are on track with our prior expectations for strong sequential revenue growth as programs for multiple emulation and prototyping customers’ ramp. Both A&D and ISM are expected to be up in Q4. Auto is also expected to recover in Q4 as ADAS demand increases relative to Q3. AVP and consumer are expected to be somewhat weaker. The DCG revenue is expected to grow moderately, albeit somewhat less than prior expectations. We expect continued contributions from compute acceleration driven by a mix of cloud and high performance compute customers. We expect to see slower revenue ramp from the storage and networking customers, and we expect additional cloud customer POCs to move into production. The revenue will likely continue to be lumpy given that we’re in the early stages of scaling the DCG business. The most significant change for outlook is in WWG. We now expect Q4 revenue from both wired and wireless customers has declined more than previously anticipated. The additional negative impact to our wireless business are a result of a slowdown in 5G rollout across multiple regions as many operators take a pause before the next wave of infrastructure deployment. In addition, wired revenues are being impacted by a broad based weakness in demand across multiple customers. Now, that these headwinds are in addition to the impact of the loss of revenue from Huawei since last may. We now expect WWG revenue to be down in FY 2020 versus FY 2019. Fiscal Q4 non-GAAP gross margin is expected to improve to approximately 69.5%. Given the more persistent revenue headwinds we’re facing, we’re taking several actions to drive structural operating efficiencies across the company. We plan to reduce our global workforce by approximately 7% to a targeted reduction of force and meaningfully slower attrition replacement. In addition we are taking several actions to reduce discretionary spend and realize additional operating efficiencies across the business. Excluding severance charges related to the reduction of force, non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be approximately $318 million, which reflects the adjusted spending profile. This includes approximately $17 million to $20 million of savings from various operating expense reduction actions we plan to take in the fourth quarter. This is offset by expenses related to 7-nanometer tape-out in the quarter and increased legal expenses. Non-GAAP other income is expected to be approximately $8 million due primarily to an anticipated IP settlement for the customer that was recently acquired. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be approximately 8%. In closing, we are faced with persistent trade-related impacts with our business and other headwinds. We were taking thoughtful and decisive actions that were painful, we believe are in the best interest of all Xilinx’s stakeholders. We continue to see a great long-term opportunity in the second secular growth trends in data center, 5G infrastructure and automotive markets as well as TAM expansion and share gains across our foundational core markets. We remain extremely focused and committed to our strategy to drive profitable growth as a leader in adaptable platforms. Operator, we now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder before you had said that the impact of the baseband transition would be largely done by the March quarter is that still the case and what are you – what are you kind of thinking about the progression of wireless beyond that particularly as you know, assuming that we don’t get Huawei back into the mix. Can you grow from there? Is it going to take awhile? Just what do you think is the progression there?
Victor Peng: Yes, Joe, I mean, what we said is the baseband impact did occur in the last quarter as expected. So that’s – you’re correct, if you’re applying, that’s not new news. You’re right. That’s not new news. Really, the additional pressure we’re feeling in the current quarter is from slowdown in the deployments across multiple geographies and then both weakness – both on the wireless side as well on the wired side. That level of weakness we did not anticipate last quarter when you kind of gave the overall guide for the second half. In terms of how we see things going forward, we’re not giving guidance for FY 2021, but I guess in a broader picture what I would say is, clearly, in the near-term, we have some meaningful headwinds here, Huawei remains on the entity list. but I really think that from that perspective, we don’t think about that is even if that were to change in the entity list that account revenue would be at levels that it used to be. I think it’s just the reality of it and that’s how we think about it now. However, we’re still relatively speaking in the first days of the point for 5G. And you’ve heard me and I’m sure other people talk about when we talked to all our customers, they see like three waves of technology rollouts. and so it’s certainly been more challenges first wave, but when we think about the longer-term, we still think this is a good growth opportunity design. Particularly, because we’ve been innovating with things like RFSoC and Versal ACAP. And we’ve got really good engagement as I had reviewed my prepared comments already with some customers for the second generation, and that’s actually using our some non-Versal ACAP. So, that’s how we think about the big picture.
Joe Moore: Great. And just to clarify my question in terms of the baseband transition. is there an ongoing headwind beyond the March quarter or is the impact to that kind of mostly done in the current quarter?
Victor Peng: I guess, we – the way we think about it, it’s mostly done, it’s factored in. Exactly. It’s not – it’s not like a one-time event. It was we expected it would happen. It did happen in that quarter and we keep it out.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys. Thanks very much for taking the question. Victor, when you were talking about the wireless business in your prepared remarks, you talked about the ASIC transition, you mentioned something about our program delay on one of your customers, how significant or insignificant were those two dynamics in the December quarter? And I guess more importantly, at your Investor Day, you guys talked about three to four X more opportunity in 5G relative to 4G given more base stations, higher content and higher market share. Outside of Huawei, having issues, has anything changed there or is everything still very much intact long-term? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Sure. Let me do the last portion first, it’s exactly as you said, Huawei is significant, but if you sort of – okay, understand that and move on from that, we still do think it’s a significantly larger opportunity than 4G. Now back to sort of the issue around one customers program delay, really the bigger hired a bit on the headwinds that we’re seeing in Q4 causing us to see a more gradual recovery from the Q3, which we didn’t anticipate was going to be kind of a confluence of a kind of a perfect storm thing. Is really the general slowdown deployment in multiple geographies and that’s affected, essentially all the OEMs that we’re working with, right, that we’re still working with and allowed to work with. The program delay was another factor, but I think the way you should think about it is the highest order bit is just a pause or slower deployment that we are seeing across from the carriers and that’s reflected in the OEM customers that we have in multiple of them in all the different regions.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey guys, thanks for the question. So, I guess first on WWG. So, this pause, is it purely geographic or is it also, does it have something to do with the applications that are addressing, for example, moving from basebands, remote radio head or to massive MIMO. And then if you could talk about where we are with RFSoC and how you think that rollout will go?
Victor Peng: Yes. On the broader question, I don’t think it has to do with a rollout of a particular technology and you’re right; there are different types of technologies that fall under the umbrella of 5G. It just seems as though the multiple operators that cover multiple regions are done some initial deployments and are just taking a pause, my position is that they’re seeking more profitability for they further invest. But in any event, we talked to both carriers as well as our OEMs and we see that fairly broad. So, I guess again then in terms of the longer-term view and all that, again, I think that the long-term view still seems very – like a very good opportunity for us. And again, we have to keep in perspective that we’re only in the very first phase and deployments will come back, it’s just like we have a pause right now that we didn’t anticipate.
Christopher Rolland: Great. And then on data center…
Victor Peng: I’m sorry, what I just realized, I didn’t quite answer your RFSoC.
Christopher Rolland: Oh, sorry.
Victor Peng: So RFSoC, we do have that being deployed and with different OEMs that cover different multiple regions as well, both in sub-segs, but also we think there’s some strength there in millimeter wave bands. We’re still relatively speaking in the early stages, but it is deployed. So, it is out there in the multiple regions and through multiple OEMs. So, I apologize, I didn’t quite cover that initially.
Christopher Rolland: No problem. Thank you, Victor. And on the data center side, a nice progress on the Alveo cards. But I think in your roadmap, you had AI core either coming out soon or actually maybe even sampling now. Maybe, talk about where we are there and have you had any feedback from any hyperscalers or customers?
Victor Peng: Yes, I think so. I think when you’re talking about the AI engine, I think that’s respect to our Versal product and we do have some – the early Versal development board. So, just to clarify some of the brand names. I think there is good excitement in multiple markets; I kind of alluded to the 5G, but certainly, in data center, that’s being evaluated and also in other markets as well, even in – let’s see one application that even though it’s just in the initial silicon, people are already doing some deployments in terms of a very high-resolution camera, where they’re also doing some image recognition to do some augmented reality for an interesting entertainment experience. And so I think that’s a good indicator of not only the quality of our initial silicon, but also the breadth that people are using AI on that platform, not just in what’s considered the cloud, but maybe, you would call that, some people might call that an edge application, right. So, it’s still early days, but it was – we’re pretty excited about the diversity and the traction that we’re getting.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, Victor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of CJ Muse from Evercore. Your line is open.
CJ Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess a question on the restructuring. Can you walk through what is permanent versus temporary and can you help us kind of understand how you will plan to deliver both the operating margins in this more subdued environment as well as obviously invest, I guess most importantly in the coming – as well as the software stack in the coming few years? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yes, CJ. it’s a good question. Look, I mean, now when we first started seeing some weakness, we took some proactive actions to control our expenses that’s reflected in the Q3. Really what happened is, late in the year, as we saw that some of these headwinds that we just walked through were more severe and also, I think the ongoing persistent effects of the whole China-U.S. trade situation and the Huawei business that reflected, it was clear that we had to do something that was more structural, right. It was very painful something for us as a company to impact some of our employees. But a good portion of this it is a matter of reducing labor and that’s both from that targeted reduction in force as well as significantly controlling even attrition replacement. So, that labor component obviously is an ongoing thing. Now, some of the other things that we’re doing just many other actions in terms of discretionary spend, but we also even looked at programs. I think that’s what you’re alluding to. We’ve spent a lot of time thinking about that of course; because our goal and I think we’ve achieved that and how we’re coming out here is to not further impact both near-term business nor degrade our long-term opportunity, which we remain very confident in. And I think you heard me mention in the prepared remarks that we expect a certain level of OpEx savings in the quarter, but we’re doing a tape-out in seven nanometer in the quarter. So that somewhat offsets all of that. So, we are still very much committed to executing sort of strategy. And I think, again, there’s some difficult decisions here, but I think we’ve struck a good balance of things that will bring us in a more reasonable profitability profile, like you said, in a more subdued, near-term revenue environment, but not in any way materially impacting anything in the future or for that matter, even the near-term business. I do think that as we drive in recovering, grow out of it, those position knows to have maybe more efficiency in the business and leverage, because we will watch very carefully our OpEx even as we get back towards growth trends.
CJ Muse: Thank you.
Victor Peng: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra:
,:
Victor Peng: Yes. I mean, as you know, we really serve virtually all the OEMs that support all the different geographies, including of course, the U.S. and without getting into specific customers. We do see the broad softness and feedback we’re getting is because they’re also not seeing some demand materialize across the regions and that includes the U.S. I do think that this is not necessarily something that is it’s hard to tell the visibility right now, but I don’t think this is something that’s going to necessarily persist until the second wave comes. It’s just that clearly after they’ve done some deployment, it just appears from both when we talked to carriers as well, the multiple OEMs that there seems to be a pause now and again, we’re – that’s what we see right now. Yes, it’s hard for us to predict exactly the timing of when that rule restarts. But again, I come back to, when I look at the engagements, we already have going actively in the next wave of equipment. I feel good about that we still have good opportunity there. and when there’s more deployment, the current generation of equipment, then obviously, that could also help our business recover.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. And then could you give us a quick sense of your mix at seven nanometer versus 16 nanometer?
Victor Peng: Yes. 16 is – 16 nanometer is our portfolio there is on track to break all the records that we have and we hold the most successful product family in the programmable space with our seventh series back in the 20 nanometer generation. We’re clearly outpacing that and that’s due not only to the fact that, we are out executed, but the innovations we have with MPSoC, RFSoC and a number of other areas, that’s tremendously successful and that revenue is going to continue to grow for some number of years. Seven nanometers, remember is just still in the sampling stage, right? So, we’re not in the production. But we’re getting very good traction and I mentioned multiple markets, communications. And one area that more of you know, video and broadcast kind of area, data center, we’re getting good looks, aerospace and defense, a lot of strong demand. But that will take time as it usually does for us in some of these markets to ramp to sort of more meaningful revenue. But we have a lot of revenue already, particularly in the development board. So, a very encouraging sign.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Yes, thank you very much. Good afternoon. Victor, I wanted to ask – and I guess it’s a little bit related to CJ’s question on the reduction in force, but more specifically, as you guys look at prudent cost cuts and the like going forward, the level of investment and has that level of investment changed in the Vitis software stack that you guys introduced? And I guess the second part of the question is separate from the investment, how the early engagement being on that software stack with customers across the business. And if there’s anything to highlight there on that progression, that would be really helpful. Thank you.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yes. Yes, thanks. maybe, I didn’t touch on that part of it. first, I guess, so we’re going to like to say on a relative basis, some of the labor related productions that we’re doing on a relative basis, we’re doing more in SG&A than in R&D in general, okay. We are also again, continuing to invest in the areas that are critical for our growth. So, I think you’re both making the point that it’s not just silicon roadmap, it’s also what we’re doing on the software IP and so forth and we fully agree. So, my comments weren’t – didn’t mean to sort of imply that we just looked at tape-out. We are also – yes, we are also focused more on everything we need, all the items we need to execute towards strategy and move into platforms and be a much more mainstream targeted platform. Everything we see in terms of, for instance, Vitis those be dial-ins when we announced new webinars or training, they fill out immediately. So that’s really encouraging. I know at the end of the day, everyone’s – as we certainly are looking for the revenue, but when I look at other things to measure in terms of developers, in terms of just hits we get on various videos that we do in training. It’s all looking very promising. So…
Matt Ramsay: Thank you. And just as a quick follow-up. In the data center portfolio, I wanted to ask you to give us an update on the traction you guys might be having on the design win side and the SmartNIC space and if that revenue can be material to the company over the next 12, 18 months. Thanks.
Victor Peng: Yes, I think, I kind of mentioned that for instance, Solarflare revenue last quarter was a little higher-than-expected. I think that was a record for them. It’s still relatively modest revenue. I think that does bode well. And we – that integration is going very well. And clearly, I think the position will get even stronger when we really fully realize all the positive synergies of their expertise in software and system level expertise with our execution on hardware platform. So, I do think, that the smartNIC opportunity is significant. And I think thinking in terms of a year and beyond is reasonable. And I think it’ll be – it’ll grow for multiple years.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. Victor, I just had a question on the ASIC transition that you experienced this time. And you said that this was a – so this is the one-time and it’s done, but when wireless starts to ramp again, why should it not occur again, i.e. you see growth and then you’ll see a headwind again? just kind of help us understand the dynamic and why would this not repeat or would it repeat again, was my first question. And the second was, given the – what seems to be a pretty sizable reduction, what does it say about the longer-term mid-teens growth target that you have laid out for the company? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yes. look, on the first part, I think when we said that we expected ASIC replacement in the basement. I think from the very early stages when we had strong upside and in 5g deployment, we said that we ordinarily don’t get baseband wins and because there was an early rapid deployment in South Korea and the only way anybody can get the market was using our technology, which is one of the value adds that we had was we now enable people to be agile and get things to market quickly. We had that, but we didn’t expect longevity there. I know it’s a competitive marketplace, everybody hears about that. but I want to bring people back to, we’ve competed against ASIC at our customers for well over a decade. I mean Huawei has high silicon and has had high silicon for a long time. Clearly, everybody is aware that there was a meaningful impact when we couldn’t ship the Huawei and clearly, we weren’t totally replaced by ASIC by high silicon Huawei. That’s just one example. I mean, I know you guys are familiar with all the other OEMs they have ASIC teams, right? So, this is nothing new. and I don’t – I don’t take that lightly, by any means either. I think we are able to still win against ASIC, even our own customers, because we are continuing to innovate – innovative with things like RFSoC, with things like Versal on the software and IP side. So yes, look, I mean, could this happen again? It could. but we traditionally have really good strength in radio. We’re innovating, we’re moving rapidly and we continue to be very focused on this business. So, we maintain that we feel like in the long-term that this is a very big opportunity despite those very significant impacts of the trade situation here. So that was all on the ASIC side, so I’m sorry, can you repeat the second part of question?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes. Yes. So that’s helpful perspective. Thanks for that. What I was asking was given the reduction what seems that, I can’t remember the last time we saw such a big reduction for you guys, but what does that speak to the mid-teens growth that you have laid out for the company.
Victor Peng: Yes. Look, I – we’re not, as I said before, we’re not going to give guidance of FY 2021 now. We look to do that in the next call. But what I would say is that we absolutely are committed to getting back to double-digit growth. I think this is a recognition of the fact that it’s going to come up a little bit more gradually to get to that kind of a run rate. We’re committed to doing that and we’ve recognized that because it is going to take longer. We’ve had to take some difficult steps here, but I think we’re building this to – continue to execute our strategy and fulfill, I think, a very significant opportunity we have not only 5G, but again, data center, our core markets and in automotive as well.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thank you. Good luck.
Victor Peng: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Jihan Shang: Hi, this is Jihan for Ross. Thank you for letting me ask the question. It looks like DCG, even with some moderating growth in the March quarter; looks to be potentially up 20% for the year versus the prior guidance were up 30%. So, I guess what has changed in DCG growth? Are some of the transitions from a customer proof-of-concept to production actually being moving slower-than-expected previously?
Victor Peng: Yes. Look, I mean we’re not giving you an overall reassessment of that. But I think, the takeaways, it is still growing double-digit. And in fact, when we close out this fiscal year, that’d be two consecutive years of double-digit. I think in general, it’s still a reflection as you said some of these things like proof-of-concept have taken a bit longer. I think it’s also just, we’re growing the business. It’s an emerging market. it’s not quite scale, where you get the usual puts and takes of certain things are maybe, a little bit slower than you get other upsides, it’s fairly small business so far in an absolute sense, even though it’s growing very well. And I think I’ve said on a previous call that as we get the higher scale and just more diversity of design wins and different timing of the different programs that we’ll see less quarter-to-quarter volatility. But I do think, for the continued near-term, I think, the better measure to see is where are we sustaining that good double-digit kind of growth and the quality of kind of wins that we get the engagements that we have and on those bases, we’re still feeling very good about the business.
Jihan Shang: Okay. Thank you. And if we just compare as Xilinx’s growth to Intel's PSG business, clearly the company, Xilinx has had some good market share gains in the last calendar year. So, I guess even within the head face of Huawei challenges. So, I guess can you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamic?
Victor Peng: Yes. I mentioned a few times in my prepared markets that our core markets, it’s a key part of our strategy to continue to accelerate growth in our core markets. And if you look at how that played out, I mean our core markets are growing very solidly, right? And to your point, some of that is share gains, some of it’s also TAM expansion, right? Those markets have different types of profiles, if you will, in terms of how quickly things move to market. But even in those markets, we’re seeing the transitions of Zynq being very, very strong; RFSoC, a strong interest in some early design and activity that haven’t fully played out, just because the time constant tends to be a little bit longer, but it’s a key to our business and has been progressing quite well and we do fully expect to continue to take share, but also grow the TAM, right.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Zakalik: Hi, this is Jamie Zakalik on for Vivek. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Is the pace of 5g FPGA replacement similar to the pace that you’ve seen in past cycles and is this a replacement limited to the baseband? And then on the radio side, do you see Marvell’s Avera business as a direct competitor in the digital front-end or is it more a complimentary product?
Victor Peng: I guess first, the thing of how to think about as 5g similar to the 4g or what is the level of similarity? And I really must say, I know that there’s been a lot of marketing hype around 5G, but I really must say it is a radically more disruptive standards, set of standards and sets of technologies. So, I think it is significantly different, which is why we and many other companies have invested so much and are saying how it’s going to be changed; once it’s fully deployed, how much will it change things from your automobiles, the homes, the IoT, it’s simply not data and voice, right, which works 4G is all about. So, I really do think it is meaningfully different even when you cut through some of the marketing buzz. Now, in our side of it, where also the value we deliver to our customers in 5G is meaningfully different to, meaningfully upgraded, right. A good – a good portion of our products are not just pure FPGAs and our – now state-of-the-art FPGAs are so much more powerful than back in the 4g era. So, I think on both fronts, the opportunity, the magnitude of disruption is larger. And then what we bring to the table is larger. on the competition side, everybody’s up their game. There’s a lot of people that have been consolidated out. the players left are pretty good at what they do, right, ourselves included. I don’t want to get into specifics about a specific competitor. All I would say again is it’s not anything new for us to compete with ASIC solutions with ASSP solutions. including ASIC solutions from our own customers, it’s not new. It’s not easy and we have to create real value. We have to provide excellent support, great quality and those are the things that we’ve been doing, and that’s what we will remain focused on.
Jamie Zakalik: Great. And then on – a quick follow-up, you mentioned one customer, I think that was greater than 10% of sales in Q3. Could you give some details on who this customer was? Was it Huawei? If not, could you give any details on what percent of revenue Huawei was in the quarter and just confirm that you’re still removing Huawei from forward-looking guide? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Okay, so quick clarification. We don’t have any meaningful revenue from Huawei, because there’s still only entities with. So – and we had taken Huawei out starting from the last quarter like comments about Huawei is really about, even on a go-forward basis, even if they were moved from any, it’s pretty clear now. Given that they’ve remained only in the list as long as they have that, that revenue will never be at the level that we used to have. So, it’s definitely not Huawei, but we don’t share the details of the specific customer for 10%.
Jamie Zakalik: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to mr. Victor Peng, CEO for some closing remarks.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yes. Look, before we close the end of this call, I just want to share that clearly, not where we expect to be if we go back to the start of this fiscal year. I think the unprecedented change in U.S.-China relations in trade, clearly, has an impact on the industry and specifically, our business and at a time that’s really unfortunate right at the beginning of deployment of 5G. We proactively made some very difficult decisions including the very painful one of doing a targeted reduction in force. But I think that is the appropriate thing to do, given a slower, a near-term revenue growth trajectory. And I think what that does do is, again position us very well once we get back to a growth trajectory in terms of efficiency in the business and leverage. But I think it’s important not to lose sight of the fact that our core markets as we’ve discussed a few times, both in prepared marks as well as in the QA is very, very solid. It’s growing very well on an annual basis. It’s a core part of our strategy to accelerate that growth. At the same time, data center business, while it’s an emerging market and still not fully at scale, tends out some worthiness [ph] from a quarter-to-quarter basis, it looks like we will achieve double-digit growth on an annual basis for two consecutive years. And we continue to see greater opportunity there. And even with 5G, we’ve talked about that quite a bit. It is important to remember we’re still in the relatively early innings on 5G and it started out much stronger and earlier than people predicted. Now, we’re having a soft spot, but we’re engaged. We have the right kind of engagements with top OEMs and there’s still may more innings to come. So, we remain bullish in terms of our overall long-term outlook in those growth drivers. So with that, thank you for being on the call and turn it back over to Matt.
Matt Poirier: So, thanks for joining us today. We’ll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific, 8:00 PM Eastern time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next release date for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020 will be Wednesday, April 22nd after the market close. Please note that we will be attending the Goldman Sachs conference in February and the Morgan Stanley conference in March. Both events will be webcast live and will be accessible through our IR website. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sheryl, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin your conference.
Matt Poirier: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the September quarter and the business outlook for the December quarter and full-year fiscal 2020. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events, or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the company's financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisitions. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the company's ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. I’m pleased to report our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and provide an update on our expectations for the third quarter and the remainder of the year. For Q2, we achieved sales of 833 million, which exceeded the midpoint of our revenue guidance, despite the impact of continuing trade restrictions with Huawei. DCG business bounced back as expected and had a very strong quarter with record revenue of 81 million, which represented 92% sequential and 24% year-over-year growth. This result was primarily driven by growth in sales to storage customers with some additional hyperscale customer demand and limited growth from cryptocurrency customers. In our core vertical markets, ABC revenues were in line with expectations, while AIT revenues were better than expected. WWG revenues were weaker than anticipated due to minimal sales of permissible products to Huawei. While we expedited our application process to the Department of Commerce in early Q2, we have not received any license approvals to expand the product set permissible to sell to Huawei. Through the first-half of fiscal 2020, we recognized revenue of approximately 50 million from Huawei, with the vast majority of that coming – that total coming in Q1 before restrictions were announced. Multiple research analysts had estimated our full-year revenue exposure to Huawei at approximately 6% to 8% of our total revenue, which is in the range of what we are anticipating at the beginning of the fiscal year. Considering the continued trade restrictions with Huawei and the uncertainty presented to our business, we believe it is prudent to remove all remaining revenue expectations related to Huawei from our fiscal 2020 outlook. Huawei is an important customer and we hope that an agreement between the U.S. and Chinese governments is reached as soon as possible, so we can resume engaging in a manner consistent with an important customer. Now, I’ll turn to some additional highlights for the second quarter. Revenue from our Advanced Products grew 29% year-over-year and represented approximately 74% of total sales. We saw broad based demand for our 16 nanometer UltraScale+ family, which continues to be a strong revenue driver for our business. Demand for our Zynq platform also continues to be strong, driven by the adoption of MPSoC in wireless applications as well as across our core vertical markets, particularly in our auto business. Our RFSoC is also deployed with multiple wireless customers and is being evaluated by many customers in other end markets. Overall, revenue for our Zynq family grew 61% year-over-year, which represented approximately 26% of total revenue in Q2. Customer feedback related to our Zynq family has been remarkable and gives us significant confidence in our transformation to a platform company. We hosted over 1,300 attendees at our Xilinx Developer Forum in San Jose earlier this month. At this sold-out event, we announced a breakthrough in a new, unified, open source software platform called Vitis. We expect that over time, Vitis will drive significantly more Xilinx platform engagement with software developers and data scientists. We continue to make good progress building out our global ecosystem of partners, customers, developers and applications, which now has reached nearly 7,000 developers over 750 IOCs [ph] and includes more than 90 applications now in production. We announced engagement with Microsoft Azure, which further demonstrates the breadth of hyperscale/hyperscaler relationships, which include Amazon, Alibaba, Baidu, Huawei, and Tencent. Microsoft announced that it will be deploying Alveo U250 accelerator cards in its Azure cloud. Amazon announced that it has expanded its EC2 F1 instances; and additionally, they are adapting SageMaker Neo to run on Xilinx technology. Samsung shared a collaboration on leveraging Versal ACAP to enable their next-generation of 5G solutions. We also saw many key ecosystem partners demonstrate examples of FPGAs being used for workload acceleration at the datacenter with increased presence of SmartSSDs and SmartNICs. Considering a challenging business environment, I'm pleased with the progress we continue to make with our strategy and platform transformation. I'll pause here and hand the call over to Lorenzo to walk you through the financials for the fiscal second quarter.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Victor. Before I go into the results, I want to take this opportunity to thank all of you with whom I've had the pleasure of working with over the last decade. I sincerely wish all of you, and of course, the great team here at Xilinx, all the best in the future. Now, on to the fiscal second quarter results. Overall, our business performed well this quarter and we were able to exceed the midpoint of our revenue guidance. Total revenue was in line with guidance at $833 million, up 12% year-over-year, but down 2% sequentially. Wired and Wireless Group grew revenue 24% year-over-year, but declined 8% quarter-over-quarter. Quarter-to-quarter, wireless was flat, as our diverse customer base showed strength despite the Huawei shipping restrictions. Wired business declined significantly quarter-to-quarter, due to Huawei and softness from other customers. Note, we had one communications customer that represented approximately 12% of the quarterly revenue in Q2. Revenue from the datacenter group increased 24% year-over-year and 92% quarter-over-quarter. We saw better than expected strength from one of our storage customers. We also had growth in multiple hyperscalers and broader accounts despite the Huawei ban. Finally, we had approximately $5 million in revenue from Solarflare this quarter. AIT grew 7% year-over-year but declined 9% quarter-on-quarter. Year-over-year, we saw significant strength in A&D and flatness in Industrial. TME did decline significantly. This was as expected and is due to a specific customer program we have highlighted previously. Quarter-on-quarter, our decline was primarily due to TME and Industrial, partially offset by the strength in A&D. In ABC, we continue our strong long-term growth trend with 9% growth year-over-year. Quarter-to-quarter, we grew 6%. Both year-over-year and sequential growth were driven by double-digit growth in our auto business. Broadcast also grew both on a quarterly and year-over-year basis, although consumer was down sequentially and year-over-year. Gross margin was lower than expectations with GAAP gross margin of 65% and non-GAAP gross margin of 66%. Gross margin was impacted by product and customer mix in AIT and customer mix in DCG. As a reminder, the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is due to M&A-related amortization. GAAP OpEx at $337 million and non-GAAP OpEx at $331 million were both below expectations. Non-GAAP operating expense, excluding Solarflare was $321 million below our guide of $322 million. Solarflare, which closed on July 31, contributed around $10 million to OpEx in Q2. GAAP operating income was $204 million or 24% operating margin. Non-GAAP operating income was $217 million or 26% operating margin. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were approximately negative 5%. We had expected a low rate this quarter due to the tax accounting rules for share-based compensation. GAAP net income was $227 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.89. GAAP EPS grew 6% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $240 million and non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.94 a share, yielding an 8% growth over last year. Diluted share count decreased to 255 million shares. Next, I'll cover a few key points on the balance sheet and cash flow. Gross cash was $2.5 billion, with $1.2 billion in long-term debt. Accounts receivable increased to $335 million and is at 37 days, still within our normal operating range. Overall, we generated $224 million in operating cash flow. During the quarter, we also repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares at an average price of $103.60 per share and paid dividends of $93 million. Finally, the Board of Directors of Xilinx have approved a new share repurchase authorization of $1 billion. Note that we aren't providing details on the timing and exact number of common shares to be purchased as that will depend upon prevailing market conditions and other factors. Now, let me turn the call back to Victor for comments regarding the business outlook. Victor?
Victor Peng: Thanks, Lorenzo. And let me take this opportunity to express to you on behalf of the company and personally our appreciation and gratitude for all your contributions and accomplishments over the last decade at Xilinx. Thank you so much, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Victor.
Victor Peng: And now turning to our outlook. For fiscal Q3, we expect revenue between $710 million and $740 million, which is a decrease of 9% year-on-year and 13% sequentially. This drop is due to several headwinds that coincide in the quarter that I'll explain. That said, we're expecting Q3 to be a bottom with strong rebound in Q4. So, DCG revenue is expected to be slightly down in Q3, with more meaningful growth resuming in the fourth quarter. We are seeing a pause in hyper scale customer orders in Q3, but expect growth to resume in Q4, as customer POC transitions to production. We also expect continuing contributions from storage and networking customers, including those from Solarflare. We expect crypto contribution to moderate over time from low teens and millions of single-digit billions that we moved into Q4. For WWG, we expect revenues to be meaningfully lower in both the third and fourth quarters. This is principally due to the removal of running your expectations from Huawei, in addition to the expected transition to ASIC for select base band products previously discussed. We expect our revenue from our wired business to recover somewhat in the fourth quarter, while wireless remains weak. Lastly, we're seeing global trade uncertainty causing some customers to exercise caution in ordering, as well as some slower than expected customer ramp. For our core vertical markets, revenue is expected to be flat in the third quarter and up in the fourth quarter. Q3 revenue will be lower than prior expectations, primarily due to macroeconomic-related headwinds. The increase in growth in Q4 is expected to come from a broad base of customers, including TME, aerospace and defense, automotive, and industrial customers. Fiscal Q3 non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be between 67% to 69%, which is a return to our historical range with a less wireless heavy product mix. Non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be approximate $33 million. Non-GAAP other income is expected to be approximately $1 million, and our tax rate is expected to be between 4% to 6%. Now turning to FY 2020 outlook. We expect total revenue to be between $3.21 billion and $3.28 billion. We expect the second-half of FY 2020 to be down relative to the first-half of the year, with an expectation for strong sequential growth in fiscal Q4 following the bottom in fiscal Q3. This represents approximately 6% year-over-year growth following a record FY 2019. This performance is a testament to the durability of a model, given that we haven't been able to ship to – ship fully to an important customer since mid-Q1 and the current global trade uncertainty and macroeconomic headwinds. We expect in FY 2020 non-GAAP gross margin range between 66.5% to 68.5%. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $1.3 billion for the year. This is approximately [$50 million] lower than prior expectations at Analyst Day and reflects the active expense management that we have put in place for the second-half of the year, given the current business conditions. Note that, when normalizing for the incremental expense of recent acquisitions, our operating expense is now expected to be approximately $80 million lower than our expectations at the start of the fiscal year. Non-GAAP other income is expected to be approximately $25 million. Our tax rate is expected to be between 4% to 5%. Now, I'll take a few minutes to provide some additional color on business units and core vertical markets as we head into the back-half of the year. For DCG, we expect FY 2020 revenues to grow approximately 30% relative to FY 2019 revenue. We have continued to build out our capabilities as we address a dynamic datacenter market that has continued to evolve as customers are evaluating the use of FPGAs for compute, network and storage acceleration. Despite a slower start in the first-half of the year and learning the impact of Huawei trade restrictions, we are expecting stronger growth in the second-half that builds on the progress we made with other hyper scale customers, both in the U.S. and in China. Now in compute, we continue to expand our FaaS platform with all the key hyper scale customers. We have built deep engagements with both enterprise and hyper scalars to bring real-time video streaming and database acceleration programs to production. Now in some cases, the qualification time needed to reach production deployments is taking longer than expected. This has moderated the revenue growth rate we had anticipated at the start of FY 2020. These expanded timelines weren’t in our original model, but we have now factored that into our outlook going forward. With the launch of Vitis, we expect that over time, customers will be able to develop and deploy our boards into production more rapidly.  In storage, we expect the computational storage and SmartSSD market to continue to be a significant growth driver, with key customers, including Micron and Samsung. At the Flash Memory Summit in August, we showcased 14 separate partners with computational storage platforms each using Xilinx products. In networking, we have meaningfully integrated our Solarflare team and we have strong engineering engagement with multiple hyper scalars. We believe we're well-positioned to compete in the early stages of a growing SmartNIC market. Last thing on DCG, we expect revenue volatility to abate over time as a diversity of our customer base increases and our revenue reaches a higher run rate. Now for WWG, we expect revenue to be flat year-over-year relative to FY 2019, including the impact of the Huawei trade restrictions. Without the Huawei impact, our WWG has performed roughly in line with the expectations we shared at the Analyst Day in May. Our first-half wireless revenue benefited from early 5G deployments, mainly in South Korea and China and a modest amount in other markets. Our second-half is more challenged, given the expected base band ASIC transition and unexpected program delays with some communication customers. That said, this ASIC transition will be largely completed in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that we’re just at the beginning of the global 5G roll out, which remains a significant opportunity for Xilinx over the coming years, but we’ll continue to be somewhat lumpy. Going forward, given our market leadership position versus the competition and our capabilities in RF design, we're well-positioned to grow our wireless business as the intended density increases in the [right to head] with new 5G deployments. For our core vertical markets, we now expect FY 2020 revenues to grow high-single digits year-over-year. While revenue in the first-half of FY 2020 grew close to our expectations, we are seeing macroeconomic-related headwinds impacting customer demand in both AIT and ABC markets in Q3. Additionally, we are expecting revenue from a planned program wrap at a key emulation and prototyping customer, but that will extend over somewhat longer period beyond FY 2020 and into FY 2021. However, we expect strong customer demand from a broad range of customers, TME, ISM, A&D, and auto coming in Q4. We also expect modest growth in distribution channel demand in Q4 in anticipation of some growth in our broad markets heading into FY 2021. So, in closing, we are executing the strategy we outlined at our Analyst Day in May, as we believe it's the right long-term path to Xilinx, despite some near-term headwinds. Xilinx remains well-positioned to capitalize on the secular growth trends that will continue to driving our business for years to come. We will continue to invest in growth, in line with our strategy or actively moderating our R&D and overall operating expenses, given the current business environment. We’ll now open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to stick with the full-year fiscal year guidance Victor. What gives you the confidence? Is it pretty large Q-over-Q embedded in the 6% growth? So, notoriously, current requirements are higher for the business. So, sitting here, how can you – what gives you the confidence on that growth for the fourth quarter?
Victor Peng: Yes. I think, from a sequential perspective, our Q3, as I said in my prepared remarks, that had a coincidence of a bunch of headwinds occurring sort of at the same time, right, some of which, as we said, we expected some of which were not expected. So, I would say, one thing is just a contrast to that. But we do have strong confidence in Q4, because it is broad across a number of things, including some strong wins that we have that we're tracking very closely and clearly are going to move as expected, right? So, I mean, obviously, I think it's really a contrast of the Q3 to the Q4, but we feel we have good visibility into Q4.
Ambrish Srivastava: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. What are you seeing in terms of the base station build activity in China, given the U.S. ban? Is that still ongoing or has that changed significantly in the quarter? And where do you see meaningful diversification with shipments in base station outside of Huawei?
Victor Peng: So, from what we see, we do think that there are approximately on the path of the base station deployments they said they were initially going to do in China. Clearly, the Huawei had a significant impact, but they're not our only customer in China. So, we are still participating in China deployment. Clearly, though, Huawei has a big impact. I think there are some second order things, too, but I think it's probably simple to say that overall, I think it sounds like the first point is about on track, we are participating, but not with one of the top players.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Danely of Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hi, guys. Just a question on taking Huawei to zero. It seems like most of the other semi companies have kind of restored anywhere from two-thirds to three-fourths of their shipments to them. Can you just elaborate on why you're not doing that versus it seems like most other semis have already started to reship?
Victor Peng: Again, I can't really speak to how other customers justify, how they believe they can ship. We obviously have been tracking this extremely carefully with our internal and external counsel. We talked to the Department of Commerce. We applied, as I said in our prepared remarks, our licenses, none of those have come through. I guess, one thing I would say is that, many people supply to Huawei, because they have a very diversified business. 5G being explicitly cited as the security issue, there could be differences there. But all I can say is that, we're following all the rules and regulations. But we're carefully monitoring this and we put in licenses and we just haven't had anything approved yet.
Chris Danely: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Victor Peng: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Caso of Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Just a little bit of color on what's going on with the DCG. And I guess, with the lowered guidance as compared to the Analyst Day, maybe you can break out what – what's changing your thinking? How much of that was attributed to Huawei, because I believe that was a customer in DCG? And how much of it is just customers being a little bit slower to adopt solutions or perhaps this is indicative of the economic environment as well? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Actually, you did a fairly good job hitting some of the points. I mean, I – in complete candor, and as I said in the prepared remarks, we're seeing great traction. The opportunities still continue to be really great, but we have learned that in some cases getting to that production from proof-of-concepts, what I refer to as POCs, and also just qualification of some, that is taking a bit longer than we expected and just we hadn't anticipated. But as we – as I said, we have now folded that into our go-forward, so that's one thing. The other thing is, you hit it exactly right. Huawei did have an FPGA as a Service, FaaS program and we had to stop that. We're still working through things around that, but that had an impact. And then I would say that there was, as we expressed some digestion, some pullback. Having said all of that, our second half is quite a bit stronger than our first and 30% growth is our estimate if we come in midpoint to our guide, it is a strong guide. It's an emerging market. We clearly feel good about this long-term opportunity in being over $1 billion, but sometimes in the emerging market, it's a little challenging to get the timing exactly right, but yes, that's – those are the points to the degree you kind of hit on.
Chris Caso: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from of CJ Muse of Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
CJ Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, one of the key questions out there is the ability for your wireless business to grow into fiscal 2021. So, I guess, now that you've pulled Huawei 100% out of the numbers and you're guiding WWG flat, what are the core assumptions that we need to kind of assume into fiscal 2021 to have the confidence on that growth, both in terms of, I guess, ASIC replacement on the base band processor, as well as rising content [indiscernible]? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yes, CJ. So, let me say that. First of all, just to reiterate, what you said is that, we – for the remainder of FY 2020, I think we delist everything that we're aware of, right? I don't want to give any specific for FY 2021, but just the broader picture. Our view has not changed from the Analyst Days. 5G is definitely going to be a bigger deployment overall. It's a bigger opportunity for us, because we're not just doing the same old thing. We're innovating delivering more value to our customers with things like RFSoC, with things like Versal. So, we still feel good about that. Obviously, the big variants from that day – and Analyst Day has been the whole trade situation, but I guess, what I would say is that, we're still in early innings on deployment. So, as those other innings come through, and as some of the things that trials the things, we have at RFSoC go into production and we get wins in Versal and so forth and even the wins we have in MPSoC. We still think this is a strong opportunity. And, of course, we'll give you the FY 2021 in the usual timeframe right after this fiscal year.
CJ Muse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for all the color on segments in the fiscal year, and Lorenzo, best of luck with your next move. So, Victor, I want to ask question on the core vertical market side of things. It doesn't get as much attention, but still significant part of your business obviously. Overall, I just want to see what gives you the confidence in the flat – in the fiscal third quarter outlook sequentially and then up in fiscal fourth quarter and we can contrast that against PI last night who I think surprised the vast majority of us with the weakness that they alluded to at least in the December quarter? So, what gives you the confidence in being so much better than that broad base guy or broad base peers, in general, for both of those quarters?
Victor Peng: Yes. I guess, again, I really can't speak for others. I guess, what I would say is that, we do see softness in macroeconomic-related. And some of that is probably also somewhat related to the whole trade situation. We kind of expressed, I think, we expect even in Q1 that we have a, we call it, I think, I referred to it as a product transition or the key TME customer, giving a little more color that, that ramp is happening, but it's going to happen a little bit more spread out. So, that's an example in the analyst prototyping of one instance. Our channel definitely has stopped especially in Europe, also in Asia in auto, a little pause. But on the other hand, like, let's take auto, for instance. Like, ADAS is where we play, as you know. And even though near-term, auto units are down, what we're hearing from different signals that in 2020 – calendar 2020, right, that is going to strengthen. And so, we see that and we still have already shipping units that will just continue to ramp in ADAS, as well as being designed into fully autonomous driving. So, I guess, what it is, is the confidence that we actually see the dip in Q3, but we are seeing from multiple markets. So, it's kind of broad. It's – I won't say that, it's just one market. It is broad that we're seeing it coming back in Q4. And so – and then a few key things where we’re very confident just because of – we know those programs very, very well.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Victor Peng: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Ramsay of Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Victor, I just wanted to ask a couple of questions on the guide for the December quarter. Just a couple of moving parts. I know you guys, I think, called out in the commentary $50 million to Huawei in the first-half of the year. I would assume that most of that was during the first quarter. So, if we could understand a little bit about the sequential difference between Q2 and Q3 guide there and similar for the Solarflare revenue coming into the model, I guess, this will be a full quarter in December. Just trying to understand those moving parts? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Yes. I know this is a pretty packed, pre-prepared statements, because we did want to give a lot of color. So, just to reiterate, yes, you're exactly spot on. With Huawei, the $50 million was predominantly in Q1 prior to the restrictions going in place. Last quarter, we had determined that even with the restrictions, there's some older products that we could legally continue to ship. It turns out that revenue was very essentially negligible, which is why after one quarter of seeing that and not seeing any additional license approvals, we have decided that it's just proven to take all the risk out there means in fiscal year. With regard to Solarflare, that closed – that only closed in July. So, you’re right, it's only the first full quarter of revenue in the December quarter and it's what we expect, okay, $10 million, on the order of 10 million-ish, you know but we did the acquisition from a strategic perspective of – they really bring the software and driver expertise and overall system expertise, complementing our strength in silicon in the hardware. And so, we're feeling very good about the integration and the engagements we have in front of that. The revenue is also what we expect. But I think really more important, the strategic thesis now that they're part of us, we feel even better about.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes, Matt, I just point out one thing. As we plan to consolidate, obviously, those results and not break those out in future calls, but that just gives you a sense for Victor's comments around what we expect from rank on [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong of Instinet. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Wong: Thanks very much. Can you clarify what you have applied for licenses for? Does this cover all of the revenues that you were previously shipping to Huawei, or if not approximately, what percent of prior revenues to Huawei, to your current license applications cover?
Victor Peng: It's actually very detail, so I wouldn't want to give you, I don’t think it's appropriate to try and breakdown exactly. I would say it would be, if Huawei had applied for in early July, all got approved, it would be meaningful. I wouldn't necessarily say the entirety, but it would be meaningful. And clearly, if that happen, we would continue to try and seek licenses. But unfortunately, like nothing has been approved. And, as they said, the small set of mostly older products, it hasn't had any kind of meaningful revenue, so we've just decided to de-risk it.
David Wong: Great, thanks.
Victor Peng: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. You said that the bass band to ASIC transitional impact is kind of winds down by the fourth quarter of your fiscal year. Is that – can you give us a sense for the wireless business that's – that remains how much bass band is still in there from other customers? Any transitional risk? And just, I assume that the radio deployments are sort of start – starting to ramp up as we move beyond that, is that a fair way to look at it?
Victor Peng: Yes. I mean, we still have meaningful wireless business, but yes, the base band ASICs, which we had said, even on Analyst Day that we expect that was going to happen, that has happened. We do still have some position, but I don't think it's very significant at this point in base band. I think we've always said that even ASIC replacement, as you know, Joe is not new to us. We've always said that our opportunities is bigger in the radio, but even in the future that we expect some degree of base band revenue, but we had an outsized amount earlier, and I think we're upfront about that. But again, I would sort of say that, we – it is significant that it'd be radio, but we still do base band connectivity. Like, again, that's historically been the thing, where we were in the heart of the overall base band in the start of this early deployment.
Joe Moore: Yes. Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
Victor Peng: Does that help? Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from William Stein of SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. If we get some resolution to the tariff situation, but we still have a ban on Huawei going forward. Victor, I wonder if you could comment on expectation for relative to the longer-term growth you outlined at the Analyst Day, not what it’s going to do next year. But you talked about the Sam [ph] growth of, I think, 35% in DCG and I think 16% in wired and wireless. Are those still realistic as share would shift to other customers of yours, or do you think it would call those growth estimates and question?
Victor Peng: Well, first of all, regarding tariffs. Every time those things have occurred, we've analyzed those things and the tariffs don't directly impact us in anyway. There could be like secondary, tertiary, things of just being a damper on macroeconomics. But it doesn't impact us in a dark way. So, there was some relief there, but the restrictions on Huawei stayed intact for a long period of time, that would be the bigger thing than tariffs by far, which is why I think I've been consistent in saying that, we really hope that the governments can come to an agreement and resolve the structural issues. So, we can continue to engage with Huawei. Now that said, we're still just, again, I want to say that we're still participating in the China 5G. But clearly, they're a very big player there. And I don't want to speculate on what happens in the long-term, right? It's just too difficult. And we certainly look at different scenarios internally. So, we're prepared for things, but it's really clearly premature to speculate beyond FY 2020.
William Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Quinn Bolton of Needham & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Quinn Bolton: Hi, Victor, I’m just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on where you saw the weakness in the wired business and what drives the recovery as we get into the fourth quarter. Is the weakness mostly the Huawei effect, or is it broader than just that one customer?
Victor Peng: Well, it's – that was definitely an impact, because people tend to think of Huawei is just purely wise, but actually they play in both places. And so, they're pretty substantial there. But it's not just a one customer. I think there has been some bonus in access in cable. I think that there's a particular situation, where things – people initially started to deploy than they took a more cautious approach, because, of course, with 5G, it’s both wireless and then ultimately the wired network has to be upgraded as well. And I think with all this uncertainty, there has been, as I said in my prepared remarks, some caution around that. So, Huawei is definitely a big deal, but it is not the only thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. I guess, I'm struggling a little bit with the March – implied March guidance. Obviously, WWG is down. It suggests substantial growth in the two other segments to get anywhere near the sequential and it’d be record revenue across the board for all the segment. So, I think I'm doing the math right. I guess, I'm just trying to understand in this environment, why you'd be doing record revenue with this substantial double-digit increases into March?
Victor Peng: Well, datacenter, as I said, we hit the midpoint of guide. It will be about a 30% year-on-year increase, and obviously, the first-half is a little softer. So, DCG is definitely robustly growing in the second-half, right? I mean, now Q2 was a record, so Q3 is coming off of that a little bit, but that was a record. But then we said that we've resumed sequential strength in DCG in Q4. So, overall, DCG is growing very strong. And yes, it'll be a record. In some of the other markets, I think, we – I think we had said that TME had earlier because of some product transitions that that was slowing down. And also, earlier semi is a little weak. So, in terms of semiconductor test, it was a variety of different things. But we had already expected that in the second-half things would strengthen. It's still going to strengthen, maybe a little more moderated than we had expected back in the spring, for sure, because of some of the macro – some of the other issues, but that's still happening. And, as we said, auto, people are starting to see, ADAS is still growing, auto is still going to pick up. It'll be double-digit. So, it's actually in Q4 kind of broad. Q3 is just – it really is kind of a perfect storm of a bunch of things some expected, some unexpected happening all at once. So, you have this big contrast there. But yes, that's how we see it right now.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question, and thank you and good luck to Lorenzo on his next adventure.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Vivek.
Vivek Arya: Victor, could you – Thank you. Yes, so maybe, Victor, if you could help us differentiate your position in the radio side. I think, you mentioned that you expect to have a resilient business in the radio side. What is unique to an FPGA in the radio that cannot be done with an ASIC? I assume that some of your customers already used some ASICs in the radio side in China and other places. So, why – what gives you the confidence that they cannot be ASIC replacement on the radio side at some point?
Victor Peng: Well, again, first of all, what I would say is, if you look at our MPSoC and absolutely our RFSoC, those aren’t just pure FPGAs, right? So, I will – I really want to go back to those have multi core SOCs in them, they have a lot – a number of other features that are hardened and yet still flexible and programmable. And, of course, the RFSoC has integrated RF quality ADCs and DAC. There are no products in the marketplace even today after we've released this for quite some time out there. So, what we could do is, we could be used in different geographies, support different standards with the same piece of silicon. Obviously, we get people to market very rapidly. And there's just optimizations particularly and the trend to overran and where things virtualization. That's the disruption in an opportunity. And we definitely see that in the long range, that's a big thing. Then I could say, as we announced, ACAP a year ago, now we've delivered silicon and we're shipping that. We have development boards, that way not in FPGA, right? That's a whole new class of product. And absolutely, that's – I've said that we feel like we have an even stronger position versus pics – architectures. And if you heard about XCF in my prepared comments, it sounds someone was on the stage talking about how we're collaborating, looking at how ACAP continue to update their 5G roadmap, so…
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Victor Peng: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Rolland of Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, Victor. So, for WWG, where do you see your biggest opportunity in the next 18 months coming from? Is it really the European guys at this point? And then I think you also mentioned some customer delays. So, any thoughts on timing of resolution and relaunching those products? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Yes, gosh, I mean, I – 18 months is pretty far out. I sort of feel that, that's not something we can give guidance on at this point in time. We clearly have de-risked everything that we've seen for the remainder of this fiscal year. We are in the early stages of deployment. So, I would generalize what your comment to say, clearly, there’s going to be several generations, as well as geographical deployments. Right now, it's South Korea and China, a little bit in Japan, but not very meaningful. So clearly, there will be other geographies that deploy and there'll be multiple generations of 5G equipment. So, we're engaged with all the OEMs worldwide, right, not just Samsung and Chinese only on this, but also the European. So, we're engaging in all of them. And so, yes, as these things deploy, we still feel again from a strategic perspective that opportunity is still great. Obviously, trade, we will have to see.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you for allowing me back in. Before I forget, I would be really miss, if I didn't say thank you to Lorenzo and wish you all the best, that’s a pleasure working with you. Thanks for all the transparency and help as a CFO of Xilinx. I had a question, I wanted to come back to the datacenter side, Victor, and maybe this would be a good time for us from our side to get a little bit recalibrated with how you think the longer-term opportunities are, so compute, network and storage. And if you look out longer-term, which of those three are going to be the big drivers to get to the long-term targets you had given? And I had a quick one on datacenter as well. I think I heard you mention that one of the reasons gross margin was weaker was because of datacenter mix, did they [indiscernible]. Does that imply that datacenter will be dilutive to gross margin? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Okay. So, let me…
Lorenzo Flores: [Multiple Speakers] first part.
Victor Peng: Yes, I'll take the first part and then Lorenzo will work at that the remainder of this call here. Yes, look, the first part, I think, all three sub-segments are going to be meaningful drivers. I mean, they are obviously different in nature. I mean, overall, in the very long run, compute is still the largest segment. It's also in some respects, it is a long game, because that's the place where we really – we announced Vitis, we announced open source, where we're doing a lot of things to sort of give users that traditionally have not used our platform, feel comfortable and work in their own environment, like the machine – the artificial intelligence machine learning framework, like TensorFlow and so forth, right? So, that in the long run is the biggest opportunity, but it's also going to take time, because that's where ecosystem and all those tools and so on so forth can play a big role. But both SmartSSD and SmartNIC, whereas they may not be so large and long, they're also still quite meaningful. And there, we don't have those issues, right? We're engaged with multiple hyper scalars. We also had some OEM engagements. And we have – we've been setting up our channels by bars and size and so forth. And so, we see some really good opportunities there. So, again, it depends on your timeframe, which is going to be big contributors. We see contributions from all of them, quite frankly. And yes, we're really excited. But in full candor, we've learned that, it takes some time to get these POCs done, it takes some time to get all the requirements [Audio Gap], but now that we have those learnings. We're still going. We're going to go out there robustly.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. So, on the margin piece, I think, I'll start with the end of your question, which is do you expect growth in datacenter or long-term to have a negative impact on a gross margin. I think the dynamic with datacenter over the long-term will be similar to some of our other larger segments, where we have large customers with relatively lower margins as would be expected and broad set of customers with relatively higher margins. And the overall impact on the mix, as we expect it today, is relatively neutral and close to our corporate average. In the short-term, the exact opposite thing is happening, where we had customer concentration and – which is actually a good thing in this case, because it showed very strong customer growth. And it wasn't that the net result was significantly off of corporate gross margin, it was just that it was lower than our expectations. So, that's why it pulled us down versus our forecast.
Christopher Rolland: Maybe because of storage being a bigger driver that led to lower gross margin?
Lorenzo Flores: That's a good hypothesis.
Christopher Rolland: Thank you. [Multiple Speakers]
Victor Peng: So, operator, I think [indiscernible].
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Matt Poirier for closing remarks.
Matt Poirier: Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 P.M. Pacific Time 8:00 P.M. Eastern today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of fiscal year 2020 will be Tuesday, January 28, that's the market close. Please note that we will be hosting a fireside chat at the Credit Suisse Conference and attending the Barclays Conference in December. The fireside chat will be webcast live and will be accessible through our IR website. This completes our call, and thank you all for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kathryn, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Q1 FY20 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin your conference.
Matt Poirier: Thank you Kathryn and good afternoon, everyone. With me are Victor Peng, CEO and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the June quarter and the business outlook for the September quarter. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events, or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the Company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the Company's financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisition. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the Company's ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations Web site. Please note that we have also posted a document to our IR Web site that contain five quarter historical data for the new end market classification we adopted in May 2019. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations Web site. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to share our results today as they exemplify the durability and resilience of our business. We saw solid growth in our WWG, AIT, and ABC end markets, which enabled us to achieve the midpoint of our Q1 fiscal 2020 revenue guidance despite unexpected challenges. I'm proud of the tremendous effort by our employees to achieve our target despite the Huawei shipping restrictions, which occurred midway through the quarter, as well as the general uncertainty in the current global trade environment. Now let me share some highlights around our business units in core vertical markets. I'll start with WWG. Despite our complete suspension of shipment to Huawei in the middle of the quarter, we saw continued strong demand at many of our wired and wireless customers in support of global 5G deployment. We remain well positioned during this initial wave of the 5G cycle, which we continue to believe will be as a factor larger than the 4G cycle. Following the deployment in South Korea last year, we are seeing the beginning of deployments in China, albeit more measured given the Huawei action. We are actively ramping sales of products supporting radio applications in addition to base band. As we noted in our Analyst and Investor Day, we anticipate a mix shift to radios as the portion of our base band revenues converts to ASICs. We've been monitoring the market closely and to-date have not seen unusual inventory building at wireless customers, but we will of course continue to watch it very closely. Moving to DCG. Our business did not grow as expected, largely due to the suspension of shipments to Huawei for their FFAF deployment, as well as a slowdown in orders beat to a product transition at a significant memory customer, the latter of which we expect to meaningfully recover next quarter. That said, we continue to make good progress as multiple hyper scalars, both on FAAF and internal acceleration application. Our hyper scale customers have begun deploying our platforms in production for accelerating application, such as search, streaming video, as well as network acceleration with SmartNIC. Alveo continues to make progress with numerous proof of concept to our POC with end customers top tier OEM. We are anticipating revenue contribution to be meaningful later this fiscal year, as well as customers move those POCs into production. Lorenzo will be sharing additional details of our core vertical markets later in the call. So now, I'm going to turn over to other highlights in the quarter. Revenue from advanced products grew 53% year-over-year and was 69% of total sales in Q1. We saw broad base demand for our 60-nanometer UltraScale+ family, which continues to be a stronger revenue driver for our business. Last year, we introduced an extension to that family with industry leading 58 gig PAM4 SerDes. These products enable customers in the wired, TME and A&D markets to double the bandwidth of existing 25 Gig systems without deploying new infrastructure. Our new Vertex UltraScale+ 580 Gig devices will be shipping in production soon. In addition, based on our strong customer demand, we extended our Vertex UltraScale+ high bandwidth memory or HBM family by adding 16 gigabyte HBM capacity to that sale. These high capacity HBM products are ideally suited for workloads that process larger datasets, such as adaptable AI Inference, database acceleration, data analytic, video transcoding and security processing. The 4 gigabyte and 8 gigabyte products are already in production, and we're sampling the 16 gigabyte products today. The 16 gigabyte products will go into production later this year. Demand for our Zynq platform remains strong, driven by the adoption of our MPSoC family in wireless, and across our core vertical markets. Revenue from our Zynq family grew 68% year-over-year, which represented approximately 23% of total revenue in Q1. In fact, cumulative revenue from our 28-nanometer Zynq product has crossed the $1 billion mark. We see our 16-nanometer Zynq products growing at even faster pace. In terms of our progress in Q1 with our adaptive computing strategy, we started sampling first 7-nanometer Versal AI Core and Versal Prime Series products with select customers. We will be expanding our early access customer engagement throughout this quarter Q2. Our Versal silicon testing to-date in indicates that we're solidly on track to deliver 10x increase in performance, and significant power efficiency gains for a number of applications compared to the latest generation FPGAs and general-purpose processors. We will be showcasing our Versal platform in a new unified software development environment that will greatly enhance the user experience at our XDF this October. I hope to see many of you there. Now shifting to M&A activity. We announced the acquisition of NGCodec that adds a differentiated video compression software to our portfolio to support our data centers. This product has already gained traction with key cloud customers, including Twitch and Alibaba. Video acceleration will be one of the key growth drivers for the DCG users. We are also on track to close the acquisition of Solarflare in Q2. Recall that this acquisition brings a new class of SmartNIC to hyperscalers, [HDC], enterprise and telco networking customers. These new SmartNICs will eliminate network bandwidth bottlenecks, free up D2 cycles, enable network and data centric [Technical Difficulty], as well as customizations to unique customer needs. Now, before I hand off to Loranzo for a detailed view of our Q1 financials and our Q2, I want to provide some additional comments related to Huawei. Xilinx is committed to ensuring full compliance with all U.S. export control regulations. As such, upon the Commerce Department's addition of Huawei, and its non-U.S. affiliates to the Bureau of Industry and Securities entity was in mid-May, Xilinx immediately suspended shipment of all products to Huawei. Then after review of the export administration regulations and entities list restrictions, we determined that we can lawfully resume shipping select products. We've recently begun fulfilling orders from Huawei during our current quarter. These products are mostly 28-nanometer or older products, and are not designed into 5G applications. We have also submitted request to the Commerce Department for licenses to sell additional products to Huawei. Xilinx will continue to comply with all government and legal requirements across our global operations. I want to emphasize that we cannot predict whether additional government actions may further impact our ability to ship Huawei as the situation remains dynamic. We hope a resolution of these issues that led to U.S. and China trade actions is reached as quickly as possible, so market driven trade can resume. In conclusion, we are focused on executing to our strategy and remain very confident in our significant and unique long-term growth opportunities, driven by 5G, data center and automotive disruptions, and our transformation to platforms. Thank you. And now turn it over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Victor. Overall, our business performed quite well this quarter even with the challenges Victor just described. Total revenue was in line with guidance at $850 million, up 24% year-over-year and 3% sequentially. Our results are a testament of the resilience of our revenue base from our broad set of end markets and diverse customer set. The continued 5G build out drove the growth in wired and wireless group with revenue expanding 66% year-over-year and 2% quarter-over-quarter. Quarter-to-quarter, wireless declined slightly and wired grew. Our broad customer base drove this growth in the quarter, although, less than expected due to the Huawei shipping restrictions. Revenue from the data center group was below our guidance, declining 13% year-over-year and 4% quarter-over-quarter. We showed growth in multiple hyperscalars and broader accounts, but the Huawei ban did have an effect on DCG. In addition, one of our memory related customers is going through a product transition, and had an inventory related slowdown. In AIT, all in-markets outperform expectations with strength in industrial and less than anticipated decline in aerospace and defense and TME. AIT grew 10% year-over-year and 2% quarter-on-quarter. In the quarter, A&D industrial and TME were broadly strong and we had a modest amount of accelerated orders by some industrial customers. In ABC, we continue our long term growth trend with 10% year-over-year growth. Quarter-to-quarter, we grew 8%, though we were weaker than expected in auto. The other decline was due primarily to slower auto sales in China, stemming from trade related factors. Broadcasting consumers were stronger than expected in the quarter. Gross margin gross margin was in line with guidance with GAAP margin of 66.2% and non-GAAP gross margin 66.6%. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is due to M&A related amortization. Operating expense with GAAP OpEx at $312 million and non-GAAP at $306 million was slightly lower than our guidance. GAAP operating income was $251 million, or 29.5% operating margin. Non-GAAP operating income was $260 million, or 30.6% operating margins, better than expected as gross margin was slightly higher and operating expense was slightly lower. Our GAAP to non-GAAP tax rates were approximately 8%. One detailed note here. Some of you may be aware of the altercation related to the tax impact of share based expenses and cost sharing agreement. We have not recognized any impact on our tax rate from the recent Ninth Circuit Court decision as we view this matter as unsettled. Please refer to our 10-Q for more disclosure. GAAP net income was $241 million and diluted earnings per share at $0.94. GAAP EPS grew 27% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $249 million, yielding a record non-GAAP diluted EPS of $97 a share, a 29% growth over last year. Diluted share count decreased slightly to $258 million shares. Next, I'll cover a few points on the balance sheet and cash flow. Gross cash was $2.9 billion with $1.2 billion in long term debt. Accounts receivable declined to $306 million and is at 33 days. Inventory increased $21 million to $337 million as we build for future demand, particularly in 16-nanometer.  Overall, we generated $298 million in operating cash flow. We continue to implement our capital allocation strategy as discussed during our Analyst and Investor Day. We made multiple investments in our ecosystem and continued our strategic M&A activities. During the quarter, we also repurchased approximately 3 million shares at an average price of $105.50 per share and paid dividends of $94 million. Now onto our guidance for the second quarter of FY 2020. We expect our revenue to be between $800 million and $850 million. The midpoint and wider than usual guidance range reflect a full quarter impact from the shipping restrictions for Huawei, other current trade related uncertainty and our usual business variability. More specifically, our guidance range includes an estimate of revenue from the resumption of shipments of currently permissible products to Huawei and contribution from other products that are pending government approvals for shipping license. On Huawei, while we aren't quantifying their revenue contribution our expectation for Huawei this year have been reduced by more than half. Building on that point, our outlook for the WWG business is for a slight decline. Wired is expected to decline and wireless is expected to grow slightly. Again, we do anticipate a headwind from the Huawei situation, but we expect strength across our broad customer base provide some offsets. Data center is expected to rebound strongly. Our backlog is healthy and indicate significant growth that's coming from our advanced memory architecture related business. We are expecting growth from the expansion of business at other hyperscalars as well. Finally, we expect some growth from crypto, although, that business remains volatile and relatively small. For AIT, we expect the business to decline in Q2. This is primarily a result of an anticipated pause in a customer specific program, driving a decline in TME. Industrial is expected to be negatively impacted by order timing and macro issues. A&D is expected to grow, providing a partial offset. Our ABC business is expected to grow in Q2. We forecast growth in auto and broadcast and we expect consumer to remain steady. To recap, we are guiding our Q2 modestly downward, mainly due to the shipping restrictions on Huawei. That said, we believe that outside of the trade related issues, our revenue outlook continues to demonstrate the breadth and resilience of our business model. Gross margin is expected to be between 65% and 66% on a GAAP basis, and 66% and 67% on a non-GAAP basis. Non-GAAP gross margin is essentially flat from Q1 as expected. The decline in GAAP gross margin is due primarily to incremental acquisition related amortization expenses. As we discussed at our Analyst Day, GAAP operating expense will grow in Q2, and is expected to be $326 million. The increase is primarily due to increases employee compensation and acquisition driven expenses. The growth in compensation reflects our annual focal process, including stock grant and organic and inorganic growth to our employee base. Non-GAAP operating expense will be approximately $322 million.  While we expect Solarflare to close this quarter, precise timing of the close is uncertain. Therefore, we have not included revenue or expense estimates in our outlook for Q2. Depending on the timing of the close, additional non-GAAP OpEx could be between $10 million to $15 million for the quarter as we onboard Solarflare employees. We also expect to have incremental revenue of mid to high single digit millions in the quarter. This revenue would be slightly higher than corporate gross margin. GAAP and non-GAAP other income is expected to be approximately $11 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 0% for Q2. This low rate is a one quarter phenomenon due to the tax accounting rules for share-based compensation. We expect the quarterly tax rate to normalize in the second half of the year to a range between 7% and 10%. We expect share count to decrease slightly in Q2, which is the net result of our share repurchases, offsetting our annual stock grants. As I close, Victor and I realized there will be a great interest in our outlook beyond Q2. At this point in time, we are monitoring the China trade situation and the overall economic environment. Given the uncertainty regarding these important factors, we are not reiterating or updating our full year guidance today. We expect to provide an update on our fiscal '20 outlook at our October earnings call. Overall, we believe our long-term growth drivers remain very much intact. Although, our FY20 revenue expectations have been somewhat moderated by trade related concerns, we continue to believe that the second half of our fiscal year will be better than our first half. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Victor, since Huawei is of so much importance to investors. I was really hoping if you could give some rough sense of how large it was as a customer in your last fiscal year. I realized that it's not 10%, so you have not disclosed that. But any rough sense would be really helpful. And then how much of a headwind was it in June and how you are thinking about it in the September quarter, just because it's such a large variable in thinking about the business in the near-term? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Well, look, Huawei is a very important customer to us. But as you said, we had no 10% customer in FY19 nor in first quarter of FY20. Huawei is important. That said, we are able to hit the midpoint of our guidance, because we were able to perhaps a quarter. But as I said, the resilience of the business in all the other markets being very strong, particularly AIT also seeing some more strength in some of the other wireless as well as the wired growth. As we expected and just plain, a lot of hard work we were managed to offset that. I think you should think the way the fact at our Analyst Day we have said that Q2 would be flattish to Q1, and now we're guiding slightly down from that slightly down from that shows that clearly there is impact despite the fact that we were able to hit the mid range. And just in terms of, the general size, I mean, clearly as Lorenzo said, this range that we gave for Q2 shows that our current expectation is well less than half than what we thought of begin with. So the way you should think about this is kind of the exposures of volatility around this is greatly reduced now because of how we're thinking about the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: I'm wondering if you -- obviously, there's variability in the second half of the year, that's pretty clear. How are you thinking about OpEx in that context? Could you see OpEx come down if the revenue expectations come down, or just what's the flexibility around that?
Victor Peng: I think if you take a step back and say, other than this trade situation, our main thesis of everything we said during the Investor and Analyst Day remains intact. That's what Lorenzo's close with. The fact that we have really still strong growth drivers in 5G, I guess, Huawei is an impact but rest of 5G still there, data center, automotive and long term and built on top of all the multiple diverse markets that we have and so forth. So I think when we think about it, we said -- and we are investing in order to stay in mid-teens growth for the next five years. Nothing really in the near term says that we should get off of that strategy and the investment thesis. So we are still essentially moving forward with our investments but of course we're monitoring situation very carefully.
Operator: Your Next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Evercore.
CJ Muse: I guess a gross margin question. Revenues guided modestly lower, but gross margin also lower. And I think we all thought that wireless, particularly Huawei in the mix was the headwind. And therefore, if that's getting pulled out, why our gross margins at the midpoint guided lower? And then what gives confidence that you can get back to that 69% territory in the second half of the fiscal year?
Lorenzo Flores: So CJ, couple of points. First in this case, I would say you should look at the non-GAAP gross margin guide more relevant to the question you asked. And what I should have said if I didn't say it, I'll clarify is that non-GAAP gross margin is basically flat quarter-over-quarter. How that it becomes about due to the mix is we also said that the wireless part of our business is going to grow albeit slightly. And significantly, I also said that in AIT, we should see a decline, which has generally benefited gross margin. So the result is a mix of those factors. Does that help?
Victor Peng: Can I also just add that, it isn't that Huawei is being a little more large [indiscernible], it's the wireless sector as a whole. And so while wireless is down a bit, it's still pretty meaningful part. So I think we really -- I think that's the way to think of it, it isn’t just the Huawei issue, we still have very meaningful wireless business and then the other part that Lorenzo said about the other segments.
A - Lorenzo Flores: So just in case I wasn't clear. When I gave my prepared remarks from Q1 to Q2 wireless business, despite Huawei shipping restrictions, is going to increase slightly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava, BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: I just wanted to get back to datacenter. This is such a big underpinning of the -- one of the big underpinnings of the investment case for Xilinx. Could you just provide us with a rough breakdown of -- and you have given numbers now for the last three years plus the additional quarters. What is the makeup of the business, Victor, if you think about the old traditional workhorse for Xilinx, which was storage servers, as well as automation versus the new businesses that you're winning? And then in your full year guide that you were not able to reiterate, which I clearly understand given the uncertainties? But do you expect datacenter, because this was supposed to be the biggest growth driver, I think up 55% to 65% at the Analyst Day. Are you willing to stick to that, or even that's off the table for now? Thank you.
Victor Peng: So Lorenzo is going to give you some clarity on the first detailed part about traditional versus new. What I would say is following, again as I -- Huawei, actually we tend to think of that as wireless business, but their cloud business is a significant business. And everybody is aware that they had been in production with FAF. So as we said one of the big hits for the quarter was we weren't able to ship some additional deployments, they were going to do an FAF. The second, as Lorenzo expressed, was a transition on a significant memory business. And again, both of those businesses are the new good interesting businesses, as opposed to traditional, not really acceleration in storage kind of business. To your broader question around, this is going to be one of our big growth drivers. Yes, so we can do one on a percentage basis, you're right. On an apples to basis, obviously, since it's still small. I guess what I would say is that, I just want to say that it wasn't the only thing that was going to drive our business, of course. And look, we're still -- see our opportunity is very, very big. We're going after that aggressively. We're not re-guiding the year again but we're sticking to our -- to see if we can get an opportunity and growth there. So again, stay tuned to Q2. And then we -- and one other thing is you didn't actually explicitly asked this. But we're confident that we're going to bounce back in Q2 with strong double-digits, because we see the backlog. We've already factored in that we can't ship to Huawei. So that downside that we couldn't have predicted is in there, and we see the solid backlog. So Lorenzo, do you have the approximate between new and…
Lorenzo Flores: No, I actually -- Ambrish, I don't want to make that cut up on the fly. I don't have it handy. But what I can tell you, if this helps is, the core data center business growth that Victor alluded to, as we go from Q1 to Q2, is almost entirely the new business, if you will. And we can get back to you on the historical stuff. Sorry about that.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: No worries. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Maybe two related we'll see, just on the wireless side. We did guided backup. You're back close to peak levels in that without, I guess, some portion of Huawei. So I'm just kind of curious if you could comment on some of the strength? And then I know geographic breakdown of revenue is never a great way to look at, but Asia was up big. I was wondering if you could comment on that as well.
Victor Peng : I mean, again just qualitatively, I think this speaks to the overall strength of 5G, which again that isn't -- our thesis hasn't changed there. Obviously, Huawei is important for us it's not like we had no impact. But just speaking to the strength of the 5G deployment is really happening. Korea started last year but that's not -- and so that's over. And I think I'll remind everybody that Huawei is a key customer as the ZTE. And we continue to ship to ZTE and as well as all the other ones that we ship to, all the big players in wireless. So I think that's really what you're seeing and…
Lorenzo Flores: I think that aligns with the Asia growth story as primary driver. And we did see maybe significantly less important in overall impact. We did see some strength in industrial end markets in Asia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Victor, just relative to the September guide for wireless to be up slightly, I understand the headwind coming from Huawei. I'm just kind of curious if that up factors in base band ASIC displacement with radio growth? Or is the ASIC displacement more something we see as a headwind in the second half of the fiscal year? And as that becomes a bigger headwind, how should we think about your ability to grow the business sequentially?
Victor Peng : As far as the ASIC displacement, as I said in my opening remarks, so being inside a little bit more is that, that's factored in and we shared what we though what we would do at the Analyst and Investor Day. So we are planning on the fact that we will see some displacement. I would say that it's not that we've seen that to-date but we are still no change in terms of when we think that's going to pass, let's put it that way. And so that also means that, as Lorenzo said, we still do feel that the second half will be stronger than the first half, but we will give you the detail after the close of this quarter. Again, that factors in any ASIC displacement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Let me ask a question, I want to go to the AIT segment. You gave a little bit of color why that was better than expected. But I wanted to see two parts on that. Was there an inventory dynamic, or there was some inventory build that was benefiting that in the June quarter? In the September quarter guide, it seems like if I put all the moving parts in right that it has to fall off pretty substantially on a sequential basis. So I just want to see if there was a little more color about what's happening in the September guide for that segment?
Lorenzo Flores: So, let me start with relative to the smaller piece of history. There was some inventory build in the strength in industrial in Q1, very low double-digit million, if you will. In the Q2 guide, even as we went into this fiscal year and incorporated in what we've said at Analyst Day, we were aware of a significant customer whose program timing would cause a pause in this quarter in their revenue. So, that's factored in and is a significant decline in the TME part of the business specifically.
Ross Seymore: Is that something that will bounce back in the next quarter?
Lorenzo Flores: We expect it to bounce back in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great, thank you for taking my question. I'm hoping to dig into the 5G dynamics a little bit. The ways that you're describing this market, it almost sounds like, well, if our customers can't buy from Huawei, there's a bunch of other vendors and they can buy from them and we're shipping there. And so, it's almost as though their ability to switch is rather easy. And I'm surprised to hear that and maybe I'm misinterpreting it. But maybe can you comment as to the performance and demand trends at your customers, and what your customers' customers or carriers are telling you about their ability to adjust in that regard? Thank you.
Victor Peng : So, no, I do not think at all that we were trying to convey that, and we don't believe that. But it's not like they can just swap. But I think, maybe a better way to think about is the initial -- remember, we're in the early phases of 5G. We're just in the initial phases of the first -- the initial deployments in the first phase and we see multiple phases. I think what we're seeing is in China for the very first phase is not that much change. And as you know, the big players are Huawei and ZTE, then other vendors get some portion of the market, but it's relatively modest. There's really no change to that qualitative thing. And the other points outside China, of course, are not affected, everybody's rolling through that. We aren't saying that we have great visibility in what's going to happen to later deployments in China. Obviously, we can't, because you don't know what's going to happen with trade situation and so forth. And to your point, it's not just like thinking just everything can just swap. So yes, no, we didn't mean to imply that and we don't subscribe to that perspective.
Q - William Stein: Perhaps I misunderstood, if I can squeeze a follow up in. There has been a lot of speculation that Huawei might have built as much inventory as they could. We've heard speculations up to two years, which seems impossible to me. Do you have any perspective on Huawei's potential build of more products?
A - Victor Peng : I mean, we had that question multiple times at the Analyst Day. And we reiterated, we absolutely do not do that, absolutely not. We do not see that. And just so you know why we're so adamant from our perspective, I can't speak to anyone else's part, because to do the 5G, you need our most advanced parts. And we know exactly what there's going we can't buy that through other sources. So we're very confident about -- there is no any even near that inventory build rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Looking at the potential displacement of your FPGAs in base band against ASIC. How should we look at the trajectory of your average content per base station in terms of magnitude a year from now? Are we looking at maybe a 50% cut on average to a large China customer? Any quantification you could give us.
Victor Peng : I think in our Analyst and Investor Day, we walked through that as best we can. So I don't want to attempt to try and go through that again. So if you were to take the trading off, I would say there's nothing different about how we feel about it today from what we shared at the Analyst and Investor Day. The exact details of the value content does vary by OEM as well. In the case of China and Huawei, it's like, okay, if we can't ship them then -- in those systems, then it's not a matter of the degree. It's just that we're not shipping them. So again, I would just summarize and say that there's really no difference in how we think about broadly the content, including ASIC displacements. We've factored that in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Q - Toshiya Hari: Victor, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the automotive business. You mentioned that there was some weakness in the quarter given some of the unit trends in the market. But how fast does the business grow on a year-over-year basis? What's the outlook into September and beyond? And I think at the Analyst Day, you guys have talked about the design wins and those ramping over the next year or two. Any changes to that outlook again as it relates to automotive? And then separately, you guys gave accretion details for Solarflare. I was hoping you could do the same for NGCodec. Thank you.
A - Victor Peng : Let me take the auto one and then perhaps, Lorenzo, could speak to the last part. So as Lorenzo said, there is softness in the auto market. And I think broadly, I think people have heard that, and there's correlation to the whole China situation, because a lot of -- there's a lot of businesses that they shipped into China. So the fact that we have some issues there has caused some slowdown in the things that are in production. Now, if you kind of look at a lot of what we talked about at Analyst Day too is how we're being designed into new systems in addition to what's already in production. That continues with full momentum. Very broad in terms of next generation ADAS, in-cabin systems and occupants new systems, as well as fully autonomous driving, so that continues and we feel very good that that's no change, everybody's investing for that future growth in the new trends and softness. Nonetheless, we still do expect to see growth in the segment but obviously, that's moderated.
A - Lorenzo Flores: I'll take the last two on auto. It was a little bit lower than previous quarter this quarter and we had expected to grow. And what we're seeing is the impact of, what would you characterize our business and customers from outside of China selling autos in China was one of the drivers for the lower than expected performance. I do appreciate the fact that you asked about the longer term growth trend. Year-over-year, we did see greater than 5% growth. And maybe more importantly, if you take the trailing 12 months versus the prior trailing 12 months, we see double-digit percentage growth in our auto business. So, we still see very strong growth trajectory there over the course of time. And then NGCodec is a relatively immaterial transaction. So we're not providing that accretion assessment that you asked for. But we did, in the transaction, get a very, very good highly qualified IP team. And so, we're really pleased with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James.
Chris Caso: I wanted to return to some of your earlier comments about 5G and some of the advanced parts that you're shipping in there. And the question is, what's your customers' alternative to what you in ship in the event that either they can't get components over a long-term, or if because of the trade situation they choose to reduce their reliance on U.S. based suppliers? And I have to imagine with all that's going on that's one of those things in their mind. What long-term risk could that provide for you? And do you think there are reasonable alternatives out there that would be competitive threat to you?
Victor Peng : Well, I guess in the near-term, they -- as Huawei everybody knows, has a subsidiary of high silicon that was their ASICs, and they do use them quite a bit. I don't really have any insight. So I don't want to speculate exactly what they do. But I would imagine that if this situation prolongs, they will lean into what they already use, which is ASICs. That can't happen quickly, because when you're architecting some ways, it's not like you could just change that on the dime. In terms of other our replacement, and if you -- you didn't say this, but if you're referring to, like in China, domestic replacement. Those companies we watch and they're all doing very low end things that certainly could not replace us in anything approaching 5G. So I think that's fairly far out. In terms of other strategies with replacement or whatever, again, I don't want to speculate. But basically as I said, for the near-term, I don't really see how they would do rather than just focusing on ASICs more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with SIG.
Christopher Rolland: On 5G, I think you guys covered Korea and a bit of a pickup in China. But have you seen anything yet really, or can you describe what you've seen in North America, Japan and perhaps any other geos popping ahead of?
Victor Peng : Yes, I mean, Japan is going to start. We believe that will happen, but it will be little bit more of a moderate thing than what we've seen -- what we see in the first two geographies going. North America, traditionally, has moved a little slower, we don't see anything different than that, and then probably Europe after that. So we don't see something really imminent. Although, there is certainly a lot of activity, so that's our outlook at the moment.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of David Wong with Instinet.
David Wong: You mentioned that you were applying for licenses to ship the remaining product Huawei wants to them. Are there any guidelines that Commerce Department provides for the types of licenses as to when you might be expect a decision?
Victor Peng : Two clarifications. It wasn't licenses for all the remaining products. Again, what we've just recently begun shipping is things that we feel even with the restrictions that we have, we can legally ship. What we've applied the licenses to some additional products, but certainly not all of them, because again, there's been no change to the overall restriction with respect to security, national security. So that's what Lorenzo was trying to express, is that the midpoint of our guidance for Q2 is just assuming that we can continue to ship the things that we just started shipping, and it's our estimate for what we'll ship. The upper end of the range certainly would require us getting some approval for some additional product, but it is not all the products. And of course, we have to get that approval soon enough, so that was shipped, though, there's still uncertainty and dynamics around that. And then in terms of when these things typically get responded to by the government, in usual circumstances, what we have heard is 69 days. But as you may have read there has been some recent meetings with the administration in various departments and saying that there are going to be expediting those companies that have put in licenses. And that might happen much sooner than in a matter of weeks. But nothing specific has been given and of course we have no idea we were on the queue.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi.
Chris Danely: Just two quick clarifications. So Victor, you said you're trying to restore some of the lost Huawei business. How much of that business do you think is just gone forever, like you can't you can't ship? And then how big was the one memory customer that's having the products transition in the data center group?
Victor Peng : So let me talk to the first one. So, I don't think that we've lost anything that we just will completely lose. Because again that would just one or two things that they've got complete replacement on a dime, or they're just going to give up on that business. And they're certainly not going to give up on 5G. And again as we've said, they've architected in a certain way that that's not something that anybody could just change on a dime. If this starts prolonged for a very long period of time, which I certainly hope isn't going to happen, which I expressed in my comments as well. We really certainly hope we could resolve these important issues as quickly as possible. In which case then, we will have some results. But I think, again, if you think about the guide if you if you look at it, even if we got meaningful, the vast majority of everything we applied for in the license and we continue to ship what we have, that's still less than half of the revenue we would have expected for Huawei if nothing have had occurred. That's what Lorenzo had guided to help you understand what we're doing. So that tells you that, of course, that 5G and the other things that Huawei doing were very meaningful for us.
A - Lorenzo Flores: The last part of your question, Chris, on the memory related customer. Clearly, we won't just give you a very specific number for them, because they're less than 10%. I will say that in relation to the overall data center business, which is relatively small as we've disclosed, is a significant customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: Just on the wireless growth, good to see you're going, growing from Q1 to Q2 despite Huawei. Is it fair to say that you're growing that wireless business, not just despite Huawei, but also your ASICs nor your base band exposure is coming down? And also, if you could give us some color on how your 7-nanometer Versal is ramping? Thanks.
Victor Peng : So on the base band, again, I would -- I know there's a lot of questions around that. And what I would say is we always contemplated whatever replacement that we would see there, nothing has really changed. Again Huawei is -- the way to think of it is that even in the licensing, it's really not 5G designed in business kind of thing. So there is -- it's not just the base band question it's just Huawei in wireless 5G. With respect to Versal, actually that's going really well. As we said, we already sampled to the very leading customers. We have literally hundreds of people in the early access program where they're already using the software and getting ready for designs. Obviously, we just initially ship throughout this whole quarter will be expanding sampling and so forth. As I said, silicon testing is really rock solid. So we're very excited, feedback has been good. I will say that, of course -- so this is still sampling period. So revenue will be very modest. Until we go in production in FY21, you're not going to see meaningful revenue. But in terms of momentum and taking our platform to the next level, we're in really good shape, very excited about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quinn Bolton with Needham.
Quinn Bolton: Just wanted to clarify, I think coming out of the Analyst Day, you had talked about WWG being flattish to down on a quarterly basis into the second half of the fiscal year to incorporate that ASIC replacement. But on the call, I think this evening you said you think now WWG would be up in the second half despite the Huawei shipment ban. So just trying to reconcile those comments. Is the base business in 5G or wire just now better than 90 days ago, or did I miss something?
Lorenzo Flores: Quinn, there may have been some form of miscommunication. We didn't say anything specifically on this call about second half wireless trajectory. We are reserving the next few months to get much more clarity on the Huawei situation and the larger trade situation. So sorry, if there was a miscommunication there…
Victor Peng : What we did say is we expect our second half overall could be. The whole business and I hope the deal -- our business in the second half, which we said it honestly, albeit it's moderated now, because unless we get full resolution of Huawei and resume all shipping to Huawei then obviously it's not going to be as strong as what we said. But we're still seeing qualitatively we believe the second half of this fiscal year will be stronger. And again, we will give you all that information after the close of this, which by the way we -- part of that which is we'll get clarity on these licenses we have put in that we discussed. And we just think we'll be in better place to give you something without speculating.
Quinn Bolton: Okay, thank you.
A - Matt Poirier: And operator, we're going to do one more question please.
Operator: And so your last question comes from the Matt Ramsay with Cowen. 
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much for squeezing me in. Victor, I wanted to ask a bigger picture question on ACAP Versal as you're starting to sample and potentially ramp the product here in the coming quarters. If you might give us a little bit of context around the software ecosystem and the software environment that you guys have built behind the scenes for the product, maybe the level of first customer engagement? Do you have any NRE funding on software that you are engaged in? Just I think the depth and breadth of the software engagement around the new platform? Any context will be really helpful. Thank you.
Victor Peng : Yes, that's a very good question. Obviously, it's a very disruptive product and it's very powerful. So we do need to bring along the software the tools along with. As I said in my comments and as you're going to hear we're going to do, so I don't want to previous details. But we are, at XDF, in October going to announce new software development environment. That isn't just for Versal but it will of course go forward with Versal. And we are going to -- we've invested a lot in it, and we are going to significantly improve the user experience and make it more accessible to more developers. So we are investing a lot. We are also doing other things beyond just our internal in terms of driving ecosystem in IP and libraries, optimized libraries and other things around run time. So, it's a good play. We are investing a lot. It is important you hear more details about that at XDF. So hopefully, you can make that or stay tuned.
Matt Poirier: Well, thank you for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific, 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. And for a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations Web site. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter of fiscal year 2020 will be on Wednesday, October 23rd after the market close. Please note that during the quarter, Xilinx will be attending the KeyBanc Investor Conference on August 15th. And also we are very excited to be hosting our Xilinx Developer's Forum on October 1st to 2nd in San Jose, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. This completes our call and thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin your conference.
Matt Poirier: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter in fiscal year 2019 overall as well as provide the business outlook for the June quarter. Lorenzo will also share some color for how we see our fiscal year 2020 ahead of our Analyst and Investor Day where we will provide detailed full year guidance. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the Company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the Company's financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisition. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the Company's ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live, and it can be accessed from our Xilinx' Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very excited to report that we made exceptional progress on our strategy in fiscal 2019. We far surpassed our original revenue goal by delivering over $3 billion of revenue for the first time in our history. This was 24% growth over fiscal 2018. Our growth was broad-based with all our primary end markets up by double-digits. We also reached record levels of profitability as non-GAAP EPS increased 32% year-over-year to $3.48 per share. The March quarter continued to see strength as revenue increased 30% year-on-year to $828 million, and non-GAAP EPS was up 34% year-on-year to $0.94 per share. Lorenzo will provide more financial details on both the March quarter and fiscal 2019. So now focus my comments on key accomplishments during the year. We made excellent progress on our transformation to a platform company. First and second generation, Zynq product revenue increased approximately 60% with strength and many applications in communications, automotive, particularly ADAS and industrial end markets. We taped out our 7-nanometer Versal, ACAP on schedule, which is an industry first. Versal will deliver 10x compute performance and 10x bandwidth and deliver power efficiency for many applications across all of our end markets. We also launched Alveo, a family of powerful, adaptable PCIe accelerator cards that increase the performance of a broad range of applications for both cloud and on-premise deployment. And we also hosted three very successful developers conferences globally that had a record attendance as part of our drive to increase application development and expand our ecosystem. Now, let me share some highlights around our three key growth drivers: communications, data center and automotive. Starting with communications, 5G deployments began earlier than our expectations at the start of FY 2019. We were exceptionally well-positioned at this early stage of what's a historic 5G cycle, which we believe will be multiple times larger than 4G. Deployment started in South Korea and now we see deployments gearing up in multiple geographies. We're shipping in volume in radio and baseband applications. Our opportunity in 5G rate is particularly strong because the complexity of the new standard drives the need for significantly more radios that in 4G. We expect to get more content given the higher value we add for radios with products like our RFSoC. In addition, we have a complete product roadmap with our recently announced expansion of our RFSoC portfolio covering the full sub 6 gigahertz 5G spectrum. Let me see more than our typical share of baseband revenues in this very early phase of 5G deployment. We expect to retain some of the current 5G baseband sockets, while some will be replaced by ASICs over time. And this is consistent with what we've seen in the past deployments, including 4G and 4.5G. Now when our 7-nanometer Versal ramps the production, we have an opportunity to expand beyond our historical baseband revenue levels in later deployments of 5G. Now moving on the data center, we continue to develop and expand our ecosystem and adaptable platforms in a variety of high volume applications. We are strengthening our data center first strategy with today's announcement of our intention to acquire Solarflare, a provider of high-performance, low latency networking solutions for multiple applications, including financial. Combining our industry-leading FPGAs, MPSoC and soon ACAP solutions with Solarflare's high-speed NIC technology and Onload application acceleration software will create a powerful converged SmartNIC platform. Solarflare's software and networking expertise is an excellent complement to our silicon, IP and development tools leadership. We also continue to fortify Xilinx platform and Alveo partners ecosystem through our corporate ventures initiatives. We nearly doubled the number of companies in our Versal portfolio year-over-year to more than 20 businesses covering multiple applications such as data analytics, financial computing and video streaming acceleration. We increased the cumulative numbers of developers trained on SDAccel Development Environment over 3,000, and we added over 500 independent software vendors to our ecosystem. Moving onto automotive. First generation Zynq sales grew 40% in fiscal 2019, and we saw an expansion of second-generation Zynq MPSoC design wins in the next generation of ADAS systems. We also saw an increase in autonomous driving design wins. And put together all this momentum, we expect to see steady revenue growth well into the next decade. So for example, at the last CES Daimler showcased its AI solution in the new Mercedes GLE Sport Utility Vehicle that's powered by an MPSoC accelerating multiple neural networks. In addition, ZF announced a strategic collaboration with Xilinx for all technology will power their highly advanced AI-based automotive control unit to enable automated driving. Another recent milestone was the announcement that BYD will be the first OEM in China to start mass production of its front camera ADAS technology using our Zynq SoCs. So, in summary, we made great progress in establishing strong positions in multiple large and growing markets. The exceptional growth we achieved in FY 2019 provides us with great momentum as we enter FY 2020. Having established a strong growth trajectory, we believe now is the time for us to optimize our organizational structure to better match our long-term objectives. To that end, we have created two business units to increase our focus and agility in strategic high growth markets. Specifically, we formed the Data Center Group or DCG and the Wired and Wireless Group or WWG, which will be led by Salil Raje and Liam Madden, respectively, reporting to me. Salil and Liam have both held senior leadership positions at Xilinx for over a decade. And for the other core vertical markets, we will retain our functional structure to have the horizontally leverage model for sustained growth but with solid profitability. In addition to organizing for sustained growth, we will increase organic vesting in FY 2020 as we execute our 7-nanometer silicon roadmap, and extend our key IP portfolio, our software stack and our ecosystem. We will also make inorganic investments that are strongly aligned with our strategy and will build lasting shareholder value like our acquisition of DeePhi in FY 2019. We'll share more details about our FY 2020 plans and our overall strategy at our Analyst Day next month in New York City. Thank you. And I'll turn it now over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Victor, and good afternoon to you all. We are all thrilled with the execution and financial results of the Company in FY 2019. Xilinx delivered many financial records this past year highlighted first by $3.59 billion in revenue, a growth of 24% from FY 2018. Advanced products which grew over 40% are the key growth driver of our business. They are now 64% of total sales. With double-digit growth across all reported end markets, we are demonstrating the durable position our leadership technologies have achieved across the growth areas of our industry. Along with our revenue growth, we maintain strong profitability. Gross margin was 69% for the year and operating margin exceeded 31%. On a dollar basis GAAP operating income grew 40%. This excellent operating performance resulted in record earnings. GAAP EPS was $3.47 up 93%, and non-GAAP EPS was $3.48, up 32% over FY 2018. Due to the impact of tax reform on FY 2018 GAAP results, the growth of non-GAAP EPS would be more indicative of our financial performance. Moving on to our March quarter. Quarterly revenues were $828 million, growing almost 4% quarter-over-quarter and 30% year-over-year. Growth was driven primarily by communications particularly wireless, as that end market grew 23% sequentially and 74% year-over-year. Industrial and A&D also increased quarter-over-quarter as each end market grew. Data center and TME declined. TME was flat, data center was down, but we expect it will rebound in Q1. Automotive, broadcast and consumer decline the stronger than expected growth in auto was offset by an industry cycle and broadcast. We maintain strong profitability in the quarter as well. Gross margin came in at 67.5% below our guidance due to the higher proportion of wireless in our revenue mix. GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses were below guidance at $309 million and $300 million, respectively. GAAP operating margin was 30.2% and non-GAAP operating margin was 31.2%. For the quarter, GAAP EPS was $0.95 a share, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.94 a share. EPS growth over our prior Q4 was 70% on a GAAP basis and 34% on a non-GAAP basis. A few highlights on our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the year with $3.2 billion in gross cash and $1.2 billion in debt after retiring $500 million of debt in the March quarter. We continue to address our accounts receivable and ended the year at 37 days. Inventory increased $32 million to $315 million as we build inventory to support our increasing demand. In FY 2019, we returned $526 million to our shareholders through a combination of buyback and dividend. We repurchased $162 million worth of shares or 2.4 million shares at an average price of $66.30, and paid a total of $364 million in dividends. One last achievement to highlight before I move on to guidance. During FY 2019, we generated a record of $1.1 billion in operating cash flow, an increase of 33% from FY 2018. Revenue growth, rigorous focus on profitability and disciplined management of our working capital all contributed to this outstanding result. Before I move into guidance, I want to elaborate a little bit on what Victor talked about our new organization and our new revenue reporting structure. What we called Communications will now be called Wired and Wireless Group or WWG. Data Center and TME will be split. Data Center Group will now be reported separately and will include high performance computing, although that element has been historically very modest. The remaining end markets, which we will often call core vertical market will have a grouping of A&D, Industrial and TME called AIT, and the grouping of automotive, broadcast and consumer called ABC. Now onto the guidance. Revenue growth continues in Q1 with the expected revenue between $835 million and $865 million. The key driver of growth will be WWG with growth in both wired and wireless. Data center is expected to resume double-digit percent growth. We expect AIT will be down meaningfully with declines in A&D and TME, more than offsetting growth industrial. All end markets and ABC are expected to grow. This end market mix in Q1 leads us to forecast gross margin at approximately 66%. In Q1, GAAP operating expense is expected to be $315 million and non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be $308 million. Wrapping up our guidance, GAAP other income is expected to be approximately $15 million in Q1 and our tax rate is expected to be between 7% and 9%. While we provide more details on FY 2020 and our Analyst and Investor Day, we can provide you now a framework for the remainder of FY 2020. In the first half, we expect Q2 revenue and gross margin to be similar Q1 with a modest increase in operating expense. In the second half, we expect to return to growth with strength in data center, aerospace and defense, TME and auto, while other businesses grow modestly or remain steady. The rebalancing of our end market mix is expected to improve our gross margin to more typical levels. Our operating expense will also grow in the second half as we realize the impact of our annual compensation increases across our employee base and increased tape-out expenses. After exceptional performance in FY 2019, we are headed into FY 2020 with a great deal of momentum. We have done far more than deliver one year with great revenue growth and profitability. We have been successful in driving our strategy, expanding our leadership and our market reach and establishing our strength across 5G, data center and automotive. As Victor noted, our accomplishments also include the acquisition of DeePhi and the recent announcement to acquire Solarflare, both bringing talented teams and technologies aligned with our strategy. With these successes, FY 2020 is off to a solid start and we are looking forward to growing the Company at double-digit rates. With that, let me turn the call over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, guys. Thanks, let me ask a question. Victor, in your prepared comments you talked about normal comp cycle, FPGAs get a lot of content at the beginning, and then there's some displacement as the build-out continues. I'm curious can you help kind of quantify the magnitude or the timing of when you might expect some of the baseband business that you're winning today moving to ASIC stat?
Victor Peng: Yes, thanks. First of all, I'm glad you modify that with baseband because radio we’re going be stronger than ever. And as I said, there is going to be more radio and we're going to capture more content there. So within the baseband side, again, we historically have always even after ASIC displacement, retain some revenue streams from the baseband. And it's very early start at the second half of last year and coming into the beginning part of this year, we still see continued higher than typical revenues. I'd say kind of difficult to sort of call the exact transition, because obviously that depends on really external factors of which we don't have complete visibility. I think the takeaway is that we build into the fact that we see where we don't have solid persistence that we do expect some of that to roll off, and so it's kind of built into how we think about things. And again, you'll hear more details about FY 2020 at Analyst and Investor Day. But it is not unsubstantial however, again, just think about it that we build that into our plans. Okay, so it's not like where we expect to have longer persistence than what would be prudent.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you very much. I had a question on gross margin. I'm going back to the last peak in wireless and around that time. Company gross margin was between 68% and 69.5%, if my historical numbers are right. So the question is, is there something specific to 5G that is more detrimental, and I know your revenues are higher in wireless versus what they were before? And then my quick follow-up, it's a more blocking and tackling, Lorenzo, when you said second half gross margin comes back to a more normal level, or how do you define normal, and does that imply then wireless slows down considerably? Thank you.
Victor Peng: So let me take the first partition. So look first of all, as you said, it's really a very different place in terms of the magnitude and size. And by the way, I want to also clarify, we're far from peaking, right, because this is just a very early stage of 5G. 5G is going to continue on for quite some time, because 5G is very ambitious. I mean, we see 5G being factors larger than 4G over its entirety. And the other thing is that we're talking about very advanced technologies, right, I mean the kinds of expense for developing silicon back in the initial deployment of 4G is significantly by many factors different, right, so I think you need to think about it that way as well. And then, I'll begin the part – the starting part about the margins, I’ll let Lorenzo pickup from there. I don't think the way you've got to think about it is if it comes back there for while, it's goes down substantially. I think we are seeing a much heavier mix, and I think what we're trying to get across here is that other markets strengthened, we get a little bit broader strengthened, so that's the way should look at it as opposed to this big drop off in wireless.
Lorenzo Flores: Right. So I think at this point Ambrish, before Analyst Day, I want to stay in a relatively qualitative space in terms of providing guidance or shaping the year in terms of gross margin. What we're trying to communicate and just really to elaborate a little bit on what Victor laid out is, we are at this point in the year seeing a very heavy concentration on wireless. It is significantly bigger than we have seen in the past, and that is as everybody follows the company knows puts pressure on our gross margins. So we see in the second half as I tried to lay out in my comments that other elements of the business, including ones that are traditionally stronger gross margin will continue to grow and balance out our mix. And when I say more typical, I think I'm pointing to ranges we would have seen in the past. I'd like to leave it at that until we get to Analyst Day. That's okay.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Victor, one more on 5G. I'm curious what proportion of your communications sales would you attribute to 5G? And do you think the market when you look at both 4G and 5G is big enough and growing fast enough that even if you get some displacement on the baseband side that you can still – you're looking at still a good decent growth year for your communications segment overall?
Victor Peng: Well, again, I think we're in very early stages of the 5G deployment. We do have very good confidence that over the whole run of this cycle that this will be again factors larger even with some displacement of baseband as we said. There will be some degree of [indiscernible], but I think that overall the trend will be more growth. Again, we're not giving full-year guidance here, we're giving sort of the qualitative guidance now. And we want to tell that with the fullness of the whole story at the Investor Day. But overall, I would say, yes, we think that 5G is definitely a growth driver. I want to say that we're still in the very early innings of that, but there will be still some pursiness depending upon the deployments as everyone knows, right. So Korea led the way initially, now they're gearing up for China. That's going to happen this year. Some of the geographies will come along and this is just the beginning.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Great, thanks for taking the question. Victor, can you give context around the data center D cell? In the March quarter, you guys also talked about a potential rebound into June. So what drove the D cell in March and what drives the reacceleration in June? And related to that, I know it's early with Versal, but where are you seeing the most traction with customers in terms of applications? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Okay. So first, with regards to the data center and D cell in the last quarter, I would bracket that as a couple of things. One is, as you know, data center revenue includes some of the traditional data center we've always had, right. So not acceleration, not some of the new emerging areas, but it does include some of the emerging areas. And then in the past, we've talked about how crypto was quite small, but we had mentioned that. I'll do with the last one first, it was pretty small, but essentially went to zero, so that attributed a little bit to it. In our traditional business it's kind of business that we've had all along. We had one customer that had just a pause, I would say, and we expect that to rebound. Now on the more interesting business, we had – that is has to do with acceleration and where we see the biggest growth opportunity, also coming off of last quarter. One customer took a bit of a pause, but we expect that to sort of come back. I think the bigger picture here is for data center is that it's an emerging area, as I said, we've been still building foundation and we don't have a huge breadth and depth with multiple customers. So we will be a little bit exposed in this early phases when there are some key customers have shift the pauses. But it's not a trend, I mean if we saw it went down and we trend down and we're seeing breadth in that. We will be projecting something different obviously, but because of that it's not something you should feel, as I said, it's trend right. We had a one quarter D cell, and we see that picking up again.
Lorenzo Flores: On our rebound just to finish up a point Victor brought about the crypto, the rebound we see going into the June quarter has no crypto element to it whatsoever.
Victor Peng: Yes, Hari. Okay.
Lorenzo Flores: The interesting stuff is Victor…
Victor Peng: So now on to Versal. First, we take that as expected. We're actually only short weeks away from getting a silicon in-house. So we're really excited about that. We have multiple early customer engagements across multiple markets. That does include communications, includes automotive for autonomous driving, and includes test, it's pretty broad. If anything I would say that the limitations on sort of lighthouse engagements is more on some of us enabling to provide enough support when things are in fairly early stages, but obviously once we start sampling that's going to widen out, but we see that as very strong interest in Versal. So we're very excited about that.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to revisit the margins because you obviously have seen a mix to come in wireless for the last several quarters and then you see the big step down in March. So just trying to understand why March is the one quarter you're seeing that step down?
Lorenzo Flores: Two phenomenon work against us. One is, maybe the bad news from good news, which is the wireless business for other reasons Victor as talked about was very strong. So that's good news, but it does put pressure on our margins. The second, in a couple of our other end markets, particularly in test measurement emulation, we were below our expectations for the quarter. So that put more downward pressure on our margins.
Operator: And our next question is from line of CJ Muse from Evercore.
CJ Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, first question, as you think about rising mix across data center and wireless where there's clearly a pretty high customer concentration, is there a story line here where despite lower gross margins that OpEx, particularly SG&A and working with those clients would offer incrementally higher operating leverage, such that you could in fact see all in op leverage in line, if not better over time with some of your other businesses?
Victor Peng: Well, let me first talk a little bit, and then Lorenzo please add color. So one thing again, first on data center you put those together with wireless. While data center is maybe not as in our margin strong a certain other things like aerospace and defense or TME, it's much closer to what our historical kinds of ranges have been at the corporate level. So I'm not sure I would group both of them together. I think, again, we have to keep perspective. I think maybe there is a feeling as though everything rises and falls completely on wireless. And there's three elements to our strategy, right. So data center, growth and driving growth in all of our core markets, meaning that our broader markets, right, where we have very healthy margins we intend to continue to grow as we step for FY 2019. We had double-digit growth across all the market. So it's really not just about how we have ebb and inflow with wireless alone, it's also how we're doing in other core markets. And you heard Lorenzo just mentioned, part of the reason why despite that we had strength in wireless for few quarters, was it more accentuated and the gross margin drop, it has much to do with drops in other segments that are very strong and profitability versus simply wireless. And then in terms of what we're doing on OpEx, I think we will always try and manage our expenses very carefully. But I think I've also said in the past that we are going to lean into growth. We are investing for long-term growth. We're not going to do anything that isn't going to pay a significant return in the future, but you might see some ebbing and flowing of leverage in the near-term, but we are confident that of course we keep this growth. You will see leverage. But in any given quarter, we may be more of an investment mode. I already said in my opening comments that the coming fiscal year, which you will hear more details about at the Investor Conference that once we get Versal, we'll be doing some more 7-nanometer tape outs. We have to keep building our ecosystem. There are things that we have to invest now to keep these double-digit kind of growth rates, and that's sort of what our position is.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes, I actually don't have much to add to what Victor said, it's just that despite our lot of discussion right now on wireless, we do extract a great deal of horizontal leverage out of our investments, both in R&D and SG&A, and we extract those over time in a lot of ways. So I think the breadth of our end markets as Victor pointed out will provide us substantial profitability expansion in the long run.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, just wanted to ask a question and probably butcher the new names of the segments, but I'll just start with the TME side. Any color why that was weaker than you guys had expected in the March quarter? What's going on with I can't remember if you called AIT or IAT in the second quarter, where you said it was down? And then if we think in the second half, it seems like that bucket is the part that needs to get better to help your mix and improve the gross margin back to your average levels. Is that improvement, because it's something that's company specific, or are you making more of a cyclical assumption?
Victor Peng: Okay. So first, let me explain the TME, I'm glad you asked that. So recall the TME actually has got a bunch of sub-segments within that. One of them includes semiconductor test. For a while, semiconductor test was in very strong position. But as we all know, particularly in the memory side, things dramatically weakened. So we did see general semiconductor test weakened for us. Another sub segment is emulation prototyping. And I think Lorenzo maybe bleakly alluded to that, but I will say that we did have one significant customer that, you can kind of say that sort of in a bit of a transition situation. So there was a pause there and that wasn't exactly expected. Having said that, we also saw some strength, but it wasn't enough to overcome those headwinds and the strength was in some advanced testers, because of 5G being deployed, right. So even when that TME, we have some diversity, it just happened to fairly big elements at this point weakened, but again, we do see in the second half of FY 2020 that strengthened again. And yes, sorry about all the acronyms, I'm sure once you get used to the PLAs, actually be better clarity, because we are separating things out more giving you a more granularity. But I think your general proposition that, yes, kind of like the gross – the enterprise level gross margin will rebalance as much, because other things are coming into play. And again, of course, wireless is still matter, but it's not solely moving just on wireless. So Lorenzo, you want to...
Lorenzo Flores: Yes, you actually did a pretty good job, Ross, on the nomenclature. AIT include some relatively large revenue segment. And the first half, two of them will be relatively low, but we look to them and we have some visibility into what's driving the strength in the second half of the year. Those coming back heavier into our overall mix and the continued growth of other elements of our business that are closer to our corporate average gross margin, those will push the gross margin back up, as I described earlier.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. Seemed like there were some tightness in the quarter on substrates and things like that. Did that have any effect on your business and just any comment that you gave us on lead times or customer inventories would be helpful?
Victor Peng: Yes. I mean, there were few things that made delivery something that we have to work very diligently with. I would say that we manage through some of those challenges, you mentioned one, there were other things. I think everybody knows the TSMC's issue around their photoresist. And we managed through that, it was a big effort, but we did manage through that. So you shouldn't take away that we had any impact due to that, but I would say that we had to execute very, very heavily. And it did sort of I guess, what I'd say is that caused a lot of navigation and what we had to deliver like for instance wireless like that. That is something that all our key customers were hitting – shooting for some deployment date. So that absolutely had to get shifted at some level. But I think overall, our operations team did really well working with our supply chain to not have anything material happened with regard to that. So – but good point there were some challenges.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. Given the momentum you now have in 5G base station, could you give us a sense of the content in 5G versus 4G or anyway we could quantify how much you want unit wise to-date?
Victor Peng: Yes, again, I'll go back and say, we'll talk about this more on Analyst day, but just to reiterate some of the things you said. I mean our content will be higher, particularly in radio, and there will be both, because we're adding a lot more value, we're not just doing the same types of products we've done in the past. And also because of the shift in the more radio units shipped in the 5G and 5G will just deploy more, there are many different form factors, not just about traditional macro base stations, right. There is small cells nor there is all kinds of different deployments. And then we've talked several times now base station. So generally, I would say, qualitatively, yes, we expect to have both more content, particularly in the radio, and then there's going to be more of them. So – but please stay tuned for the Analyst Day.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of William Stein from SunTrust.
William Stein: Great, thanks for taking my question. I'm hoping you can help us better understand the strategy around the portfolio as it relates to M&A and venture investments, there's been some pretty heavy speculation that you were looking at a large public company that someone else acquired, but here you're announcing a smaller acquisition today, and I think you said 20 investments in the venture fund. Can you help sort of tie all these things together, so we understand this from some may be a top level perspective? How important is M&A and these investments of what's the strategy around it? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yes, two quick questions. Let me give you some high level and I'll have Matt, who runs our, Corp. Dev. maybe add some color. So it's just at the highest level, I think the kind of thing you should look at, I think we've been consistent in both what we said and more importantly our actions, is that whenever you do M&A, it will be very strongly aligned with our strategy, right. Either fortifying that strategy position, and of course in the long run may be increasing the opportunity. If it's a bigger business, obviously, there should be acceleration in the more tangible and full near-term kind of range. I wouldn't say, we've already – we've ever said, hey, we're only looking at "tuck-ins", or like, hey, we're only guiding for public-to-public and stuff like that. I would say that we look at every opportunity, we look at what we feel is makes the most sense for us, but again the common theme will be strongly aligned to our strategy, which has three different elements to it. Matt, you want to add anything more to that?
Matt Poirier: Yes. And look from our perspective, anything we can do that aligns with the strategy that ultimately balances the time to achieve the returns that we're guiding to against the value that we're providing through an investment or through an acquisition. We're certainly very focused on balancing that. Appropriately from a VC perspective, we do have a venture activity that has been more active for the last two fiscal years. We'll talk more about that in the Analyst Day. But from an increase in the ecosystem engagement with data center partners, applications providers, I'm helping to build our Alveo ecosystem, increasing engagement with Xilinx's platform, that's all part of the focus. And then to Victor's point, whether that's a tuck-in acquisition. That's more technology and team focused versus a larger business acquisition. Those will absolutely be down along with the strategy of the company across our elements we've provided more contexts on.
Victor Peng: One thing maybe I'd like to point out is like, the DeePhi of course, that was a team that has deep expertise and innovative IP and machine learning, which is actually quite broad, right. It's just not data center, it's actually quite broad. The announcement of our intention to try and acquire Solarflare that's more related to specifically the networking opportunity that we've talked about in data center. But also within that, they have – as far as R&D goes, it's predominantly software and systems kind of expertise. I think that strongly in my opening remarks that we are also looking to see how we complement our expertise. I think we're well known being really leaders and doing very advanced silicon and a lot of software close to the metal so to speak. So I think the other trend you can kind of see is us going out and getting talent in IP that complements and brings us higher up the solution stack, if you will.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Chris Danely from Citi.
Christopher Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Just a longer-term question on gross margin. So Vic, I think you said that 5G is going to be many times bigger than 4G and you guys are talking about the margins on wireless being below the corporate average. So how do we get margins back to that – gross margins back to that 70% level, or should we think of gross margins kind of hanging out in the upper 60's range for a few years?
Victor Peng: I mean, let me again answer that qualitatively. The other thing that we haven't yet said just to sort of bring your attention to is that, people that are shipping now on volume for this early phase of 5G, they're using very advanced technologies, right. This is our 16-nanometer very leading-edge technologies, certainly there many communications people that are looking at Versal already, even before silicon arrives. In the early part of when we have new products, right, if they're – they still have room in terms of cost reduction, in terms of yields and other things we do to optimize and reduce our cost to some extent the other fact about this being deployed sooner than we expected is, it's happening at a point in our kind of our cost road maps that are reasonable, but it has certainly has room for improvement. And so we're working very aggressively towards that, right. So that's one point, right. I think the other thing is, in general, we're trying to and we are adding more value by doing things like integrating high-performance analog technology monolithically. And we're doing other things to create value and therefore support higher margins through that perspective. And we talked about the mix enough, but what I would say is there's no one silver bullet, right. It's just basically working hard at a bunch of things, both on the cost side, on the value side, on just how we go to market and things like that. So that's what we're doing.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Srini Pajjuri from Macquarie.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Victor, on 5G, I think you mentioned you're adding more value clearly and that's driving some of the growth. I'm just curious, I believe at least from what I can see you also picked up some share versus 4G. I'm wondering if you could put some numbers around what your market share was versus your primary competitor in 4G versus 5G. And then how sustainable do you think that is? And then for loans just a clarification, did you have any 10% customer in the March quarter? Thank you.
Victor Peng: So let me first talk to the first part. In general, I'd say, yes, absolutely. We think we have higher market share now. We think that's actually going to expand. It's still early days in 5G, but I think based on a number of factors. One is, the RFSoC, which we just expanded that offering there is still no competitor that had that kind of a device. Yes, people are talking about when they might have integrated in a package advanced analog or when they might tape out in the monolithic high performance logic together with ADCs and DACs. We've done it. We've been in the market for some time now. We've already announced our follow-on products, so that's just one example. Why we think that we will – we are adding more value. Therefore, we're going to get more content in share. The other thing I would point out compared to all the generations, all the generations what's being used is a pure FPGA. RFSoC has a fully integrated multi-core SoC, so there is a software element. So there is more stickiness to it. People are also re-architecting the entire radio architecture where people are looking at having machine learning and other things to sort of have adaptive being forming all kinds of other technologies, which nobody was thinking about the 4G generation, right. So the problem in 5G is much more challenging, and we are delivering to our customers more value to help them meet those challenges and we've got out to market sooner, so a lot of leadership on multiple dimensions.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. And so with respect to the customer concentration question, our disclosure requirements at this time of the year are for 10% customer – greater than 10% customers for the year, and we didn't have any customers close to that. So we are – we do have, I guess, the top of the table, if you will, with several significant customers that it can ebb and flow in terms of who's specifically at the top of the table. But for our disclosure requirements for the year, we didn't have any 10% customers.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, hi guys. Victor, just a question on the radio side, I guess, when you go to 5G, there are multiple radios, do you see any change in the competitive landscape in terms of – do you see that getting replaced by ASICs, or you see that still being FPGAs for some time? And also on the gross margin side, as you guys go down to Gen 2, Gen 3 with millimeter wave capabilities and 7-nanometer, how do you think the gross margins trend on the radio is going forward? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yes, so for the first part, I don't – again, I think our position on radio is strong and actually getting stronger. I don't really see the ASIC replacement. Again, there is no one even the big players from either the analog side or digital side that has integrated such high performance capability in that. And again, we have other aspects of the IP, not just ADCs and DACs, but some of things we do with the SoC as well as the fabric itself, and other areas we're adding value to the overall platform, if you will. So I don't think we have much risk there. We've been very open about the baseband side, and that's probably our greatest risk in terms of ASIC displacement. In terms of future generations, I think we are talking about this process node. We absolutely will support in the 7-nanometer generation. Versal is the name of a product family. We have six sub families that we refer to a series. So there is an RF Series with Versal 7-nanometer, but that's a ways out. And we will be supplying, delivering and driving revenue for a number of years for the 16-nanometer generation. When we are out there with the 7-nanometer since we do investment in that entire portfolio, we still get a good return. Again, against the fact that our architectures are scalable and also modular, and I said multiple times Versal is going to hit essentially over time every end market that we have. So it's a very – it's still a very leveraged investment, a very big investment, getting bigger with each advanced node. But it will be – it will provide a very good return.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of David Wong from Nomura.
David Wong: Thank you very much. Within Communications, can you give us some feel for what proportion of your revenues radio versus baseband?
Victor Peng: We don't usually give that, and quite frankly, I don't know the exact number. We have substantial revenue in both at the moment. Again, please attend the Analyst Day and we'll give you more color. But let's just say, it's - we have strengthened both right now. And again, I think over time, of course, probably radio will still be a larger proportion, but please you can repeat that question at our Investor Day.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland: And just maybe following up on the last one, just as a recollection from the 4G ramp, you guys were traditionally more heavier or strong in radios and less in the BTS. But it seems like you guys are doing a lot better in baseband this time around. And just wondering why, what is it that you guys were doing this time around that's allowing you to take more share in that part of the base station? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Yes, so first of all, I want to reaffirm what you said that, yes, we traditionally have been stronger in radio than baseband. And if anything, we will be even stronger in the radio, and there are more radios. Now you're also right that we have greater strength right now in this early phase on the baseband, and why is that? That's kind of interesting, right. There's a few things. One is that we're not just the same old FPGA, technology and what we've implemented in UltraScale+ is really advanced, right. And there is very few people still that have the breadth and the scale of products. Our products are very flexible. Therefore, when standards are only frozen pretty soon and then people want to deploy. The carriers want to deploy. We can get you there, right. Our adaptability and flexibility enables you to go-to-market very rapidly even in a very changing dynamic market. So I think that highlights one of our key value propositions, which now with our capability being significantly more than in the 4G generation is coming to the floor. I'd say, the counter side to it, these ASICs are really hard. There are fewer companies that have either the financial justification for the assets required or even the technical capabilities to execute that well, particularly in a changing market. So ASICs need some degree of stability and spaces in order to get taped out, and the things are always changing, you just can't do it. That you have to sort of do with the super set of everything, which kind of defeats the whole purpose of doing an ASIC, so I think there's kind of a relative thing going on here. That all said, again, we've just been very candid that we don't see that the strength that we have in the near-term that necessarily going to completely persist. We will always maintain some position. But then 7-nanometer comes, because we've taken it up several levels in the architectural innovation and 7-nanometers, we hope to be able to capture more than the historical norm.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, I'm showing that we have no further questions over the phone lines. Presenters, I turn the call back to you.
Matt Poirier: Well, thanks for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific, 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release dated for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 will be Wednesday, July 24 after the market close. We will be hosting our Analyst and Investor Day in New York City on May 14. We look forward to seeing you there. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Louise, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you, Mr. Poirier, you may begin your conference.
Matt Poirier: Thank you, Louise, and good afternoon, everyone. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the December quarter and the business outlook for the March quarter. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the company's financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisitions. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the company's ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. And it can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very excited to report that executing on our strategy has continued to deliver excellent results in FY 2019, with substantial and broad strength in our business in Q3. Revenue was $800 million, up 34% year-on-year, driving non-GAAP operating income up over 60% year-on-year, and non-GAAP EPS up over 40% year-on-year to $0.92 per share. We had growth in each of our primary end markets led by strength in the Wireless Communications, Aerospace and Defense, Test Measurement and Emulation markets. We expect to surpass a record $3 billion of revenue for fiscal 2019 with the Q4 guidance that Lorenzo will cover in his remarks. Now let me share some Q3 highlights. Communication was very strong in the third quarter, driven by the Wireless market where we are seeing growth from the very early production 5G and pre-5G deployments, as well as some LTE upgrades. The strong growth was primarily driven by 5G deployments in South Korea and a very early start of the ramp of 5G deployments in China. Aerospace and Defense revenue was also sharply increased as we expected in the third quarter, driven by broad strength across multiple defense and stage programs. Test Measurement and Emulation revenue was also strong across both the test and measurement, as well as the emulation and prototyping subsegments. If you look at our core Data Center revenue and what I mean by core is not including cryptocurrency, that grew double-digit -- double digits within the quarter and on a year-on-year basis nearly doubled. However, cryptocurrency was off, so there was some offset from that perspective. Now that said, we continue to build a very strong momentum with hyperscalers, where we are expanding our ecosystem for a broad adoption of our products and applications across the compute, storage and networking segments. We had design wins and applications including big data analytics acceleration, machine learning inference, video transcoding, network acceleration, as well as in storage controllers. We have now won designs for SmartNIC applications with multiple hyperscalers and in the FPGA as a service area, we have additional engagements beyond our previously announced the deployments with Amazon, Alibaba and Huawei. We also expanded our Alveo board family that we had just launched this past October at our developers forum. We recently added the Alveo U280 product for the previously announced U200 and U250. U280 has a large capacity Virtex Ultrascale Plus FPGA together with high bandwidth memory. These are the 3D memory specs for the ultimate in high performance acceleration of applications such as big data analytics, as well as data mining. In addition, Dell EMC has certified and is now selling the Alveo U200 as an add-on accelerator card for multiple versions of their PowerEdge servers. With respect to our transformation to a platform company, our 28-nanometer and 16-nanometer Zynq SoC products continue to grow very robustly. Zynq sales grew approximately 80% year-on-year led by our 16-nanometer MPSoC products and there was a strength that we saw across a very broad set of applications and communications, automotive, particularly ADAS, as well as industrial end markets. Zynq MPSoC revenues grew over 3x from the year ago quarter. And there are SoC design win momentum also continues to grow. We are now engaged with over 300 unique customers in multiple end markets, which is more than triple the number we had just in the last quarter. We are also seeing increased activity in design wins of our MPSoC and autonomous driving and other forms of automotive applications. These revenues, excuse me, these wins will drive revenue growth in more of the mid- to long-term. So just recently Daimler unveiled at CES their MBUX Interior Assistant in the Mercedes-Benz GLE model and this is powered by one of our MPSoCs that is running a number of image recognitions running multiple neural networks. ZF has also announced a strategic cooperation with us at CES, where again our technology will power ZF's very advanced AI based automotive control unit for autonomous vehicles. And finally, I'm really pleased to report that we taped out our first 7-nanometer Versal product, the industry’s first ACAP just as we planned. As you may recall, ACAP is a new product category and that stands for Adaptive Compute Acceleration Platform. ACAPs are adaptable, very scalable, they are heterogeneous compute platforms that are both hardware, as well as software programmable and are far more powerful than FPGAs. So we will be sampling our 7-nanometer Versal products to customers in the second half of this calendar year. I'm extremely proud of our team for their execution both on the business results, as well as on the major engineering programs, as we head into the fourth quarter of what's been a truly exceptional fiscal year. So thank you and let me turn it over to Lorenzo now.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah. Thank you, Victor. As Victor said, we are very pleased that our focus and execution are delivering outstanding results. Xilinx achieved a significant milestone this quarter, attaining $800 million in revenue for the first time. We exceeded our guidance growing 7% sequentially and 34% year-over-year. This performance is again due to the strength of our Advanced Products, which grew 9% sequentially and 51% year-over-year. All four of our primary end markets showed growth in the quarter. Data Center and TME grew, was strengthened both businesses, as Victor said, excluding a decline in cryptocurrency. Communications increased as significant growth in wireless easily offset an expected decline in wired. Industrial and A&D also grew significantly, as A& D increased more than expected and Industrial was slightly weaker than expected. Automotive, Broadcast and Consumer increased, driven by growth in Broadcast, offsetting an expected decline in Consumer, while the Auto business was flat. Channel revenue was approximately $14 million in line with the expectations. Gross margin was 69% in line with guidance. Operating expense with GAAP OpEx at $294 million and non-GAAP at $289 million was in line with our guidance. And with revenue higher than expected, and gross margin and operating expense in line with expectations, our operating income was higher than expected. GAAP operating income was $258 million or 32.2% and non-GAAP operating income was $263 million or 32.9%. Our GAAP tax rate was 7% for the quarter and the non-GAAP rate was 10%. The primary difference from our guidance and between the GAAP and non-GAAP rate is related to tax reform. Earnings again set a record for the company. GAAP net income was $239 million, which yielded diluted earnings per share of $0.93. Non-GAAP net income was $237 million, which yielded non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.92. Share count increased slightly to just over 256 million shares. The key points on the balance sheet and cash flow. Gross cash was up to $3.5 billion with $1.7 billion in net debt. Note that in fiscal Q4, we have $500 million of debt instrument coming due. Accounts receivable declined to $359 million and is at 41 days. Inventory increased $40 million to $283 million, as we built inventory to support future demand, particularly in Wireless Communication. In sum, we generated $314 million in operating cash flow. This quarter, we returned $92 million to shareholders, almost entirely by dividend. We repurchased $1 million worth of shares this quarter, bringing our total for the year to $162 million, 2.4 million shares at an average price of $66.30. We continue to apply our capital allocation strategy as discussed at our Analyst Day. Now on to guidance for the final quarter of fiscal year 2019. We expect continued revenue growth with sales to be between $815 million and $835 million. With regards to primary end markets, we are forecasting growth in Communications and Data Center and TME, particular strength will be in Wireless and TME. After a very strong December quarter, we are expecting Industrial and A&D to decline. We are also expecting a decline across Automotive, Broadcast and Consumer. Channel revenues expected to be between $0 million and $10 million. Our inventory management processes have taken us close to target levels of inventory, given distributor revenue levels. Gross margin is expected to be 68.5%. GAAP operating expense is expected to grow to $310 million, driven by increased mask and wafer expense and employee compensation. Non-GAAP operating expense will be approximately $305 million. GAAP other income is expected to be approximately $4 million. Our tax rate is expected to be between 6% and 8%, and we expect share count to slightly increase. As I close, I want to highlight our financial performance for the fiscal year-to-date as this longer view clearly demonstrates the consistent strength of our business. Revenue is up 22% compared to the first three quarters of last year. All four of our reported end markets show double-digit growth. Advanced Products are up approximately 40%. Our revenue growth has allowed us to continue to invest in our business while delivering outstanding profitability. Operating income dollars are up greater than 35%. GAAP net income and EPS have more than doubled and non-GAAP net income and EPS are up 30%. Finally, operating cash flow exceeded $800 million, an increase of nearly 40% over the first three quarters of fiscal year 2018. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong growth and execution. It's good to see at least one semiconductor company outperforming. So, Victor, I'm curious, as you are starting to get into these 5G deployments, what is the range of content you are seeing in these deployments and how would you contrast it with 4G? And as part of that, how do you address some investor concern about when there could be competition from ASICs or merchant silicon, right, which we saw back in the 3G and 4G days? Thank you.
Victor Peng: So I think in earlier calls, we've talked about how we are in virtually all the pre-5G proof-of-concepts and demonstrations, not only in the radio but even in the baseband. So as we really started seeing true deployments in North Korea and the very, very early beginnings of that in China. We do have content both in radio, which we've traditionally always been strong in and also in the baseband. So I would say, yes. South Korea -- I would say, yes, we have higher content right now. I would also point out that 5G is going to be a -- I've said this in previous calls, 5G is going to be a larger deployment overall, compared to the previous -- the past generations. And we're also innovative quite a bit, right, with our SoCs, as well as the analog, really high performance analog that we've integrated for our RFSoCs. So I do think because of our capability, we will have more persistence in the past. However, yes, ASICs will come on board. I would say that in this first generation of deployment, it's not clear that will necessarily hang on to the baseband component, but there'll be follow-on with second and third generations. And again, are on the radio side we're very strong and even stronger than ever, and on the baseband side particularly when we come out with our 7-nanometer Versal product, I think, we have a good shot at having good longevity also even in baseband.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vinay : Hi. This is Vinay calling in for Joe. Congrats on a very strong quarter. I wanted to follow-up on your comments on Zynq and MPSoC, right? Growth there remains very strong. Like how much of that is just TAM expansion due to new applications versus share gains that you're seeing? And like how much visibility do you have for that business like how should we think about growth over the next couple of years there?
Victor Peng: Yeah. I think it's attributed to both those and I would add one other. But let's first cover those two. I mean, certainly, we are winning in a lot of traditional applications and used cases that we have in the past and by the strength of both of our execution and the innovative architecture we're winning more. But there are, again, in many cases what we've displaced or the real competition we've had is more with ASSPs and other nontraditional competitors. So there's definitely TAM expansion. The third element I believe is everybody is moving towards more standard platforms. The whole intelligent connected world is really happening. People have data strategies, digital strategies and so they can't have custom kind of incompatible kind of solutions and this cuts across multiple end markets, right? So we think in general we see move towards more standardized platforms and the Zynq first and second generation are just absolutely ideal for that kind of architecture.
Vinay : Got it. That's very helpful. I wanted to follow-up on your Aerospace and Defense business. Traditionally there's been a little lumpy, but you're seeing real growth on new platforms and like how is the backlog there, and like anything you can share about your visibility for that business going forward?
Victor Peng: Yeah. I'll make a comment and maybe, Lorenzo, can in fact speak to the backlog. Let me just talk generally. I mean, yes, our overall Aerospace and Defense is definitely on track for a record on annual basis. You will see birth from quarter-to-quarter. It's cyclical in the sense that these are driven by the cadence of those programs and those programs, obviously, we have times when they are doing a lot of buying versus digesting and so forth. I will say from a trend perspective, we're encouraged that we're seeing a little bit more -- on a relative basis more rapid adoption of more advanced technologies than we've seen in the past in that segment. Now it's still a fairly long cycle to production from design win, nonetheless, we are seeing a bit of that change and then to the answer on backlog I'll let Lorenzo comment.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah. No. I guess, I would say, simply that we don't breakout backlog by end market for disclosure. Our backlog in general for this quarter is quite strong. But as Victor pointed out, in A&D business or actually as you pointed out in your question, A&D business is lumpy. But if you look overall the trend year-on-year is significant growth based again on the expansion of the types of designs we're in, as well as the come to market with the designs that we won in the past. So I think both things set up the trend longer term with some broad strength.
Vinay : Got it. Very helpful. Congrats again.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of C.J. Muse with Evercore. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, first question is on the gross margin side of things. Can you talk about, I guess, particularly on the comp side, what you're doing there, if at all, to drive margins higher, particularly with next-generation products? And how we should think about the trajectory as we move forward? And if I could just throw in the second question here. How are you thinking about tax rate into fiscal 2020? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Okay. We'll try to cover it all. Yeah. I'll cover the first and Lorenzo will definitely cover the second. So, yeah, I mean, in terms of the gross margin, you're right. I mean, as we have a big component of our growth is the actual production deployments now we're starting to see with 5G and because of that and a few other product mixes that does bring the gross margin down somewhat. I would say what do we do in terms of driving gross margin? Well, there are a number things that we do not just for wireless, but in general on what we do to drive our margin and that ranges from all kinds of cost saving issues, just disciplined in terms of other things on the business side. But I think the biggest thing and the RFSoC is a perfect example of that. We're innovating, so we are providing a great deal more value to our customers and we end up in the sense both profiting, the classic win-win, right? Because at the system level, we are actually saving cost, power, more, in fact, the weight. And because of that we do hold more value when we truly innovate and provide this capability that, in the case of RFSoCs no one has a product like that. So I think there is all the -- there's not one silver bullet we go, walking and tapping on all these things that we always do on an ongoing basis. But the big needle mover is when we innovate, right? And again starting with whom we integrated the SoC with the first actually Zynq and continuing that innovation roadmap is, I think, the big needle movers over time.
Lorenzo Flores: So, I think, Victor, covered the gross margin piece quite comprehensively. So I'll just get on the tax rate. I will say we haven't provided specific guidance for FY 2020 on the tax rate. But if you look at the general expectations for tax in FY 2019, we were thinking we'd be in the 10% to 12% range. The quarter-to-quarter lumpiness has come from as the tax reform regulations have solidified, there are different pieces that we have to incorporate into the quarterly tax rate that we are providing for. But over the long-term I would expect to get back to that more normalized rate. But again I have to take the caveat, we haven't given specific FY 2020 guidance yet, C.J. Hope that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. I had a question on China, Victor, and of course, all the concerns could change in a tweet. But how are you thinking about risk mitigation. You have a pretty meaningful exposure and I thought I heard you say that some of the 5G strength was coming from China as well. So just help us understand or give us your perspective on how you're thinking about it? And then my quick question follow-up is could you talk a little bit about the growth and the traction that you talked about that Alveo, if I'm pronouncing it correctly was the second half phenomena. So is that contributing to the margins being slightly below and just talk about the ramp at least? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yeah. The China trading situation, we have continued to monitor that very carefully. As you said, it's very difficult to predict. So certainly we think about what appropriate actions might be reasonable should certain scenarios occur, but really since that's really unpredictable and we don't want to just take action rashly, we're just going to watch it and then react, respond appropriately. So I think we thought in two different scenarios. But, clearly, right now for the facts, we know that the tariffs that are in place do impact us, where if the things stay the way they are, we will continue to do the business. But we have put thought into different scenarios. So I probably should just leave it at that, since again once it's quite speculative what could happen. To the question around Alveo and you did pronounced it correctly. We've already said that this fiscal year is going to be very modest revenue and it will become more meaningful next fiscal year and actually more in the second half, because we did only launched it in October and we only started shipping and production in November. So it's very early, but I would say that, I think, I had mentioned in earlier calls that the really early, very right out of the gate, there was very strong interest. I'd say, we're very comfortable happy where it is right now. I mentioned the qualification at Dell, there's activity with other OEMs, as well as partners. We're building out the channels, the infrastructure. We're engaged in a number of PoCs. And next fiscal year is when we see that going more -- transitioning more into production. So I'm very happy with it. It's a small amount right now. In terms of the margin piece, no, it doesn't really -- we don't anticipate it particularly impacting the margin. Again, we think we delivered tremendous value, not only in just the silicone and the board, but the software infrastructure that goes along with it. We will price it competitively, but we feel like we are delivering a lot of value. So we will see that as an exposure, let's say, and weakening the company's overall margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. I'll echo the congrats. You mentioned -- in Data Center TME, you highlighted TME being up, kind of just curious, how much that's 5G related? And then, you did mention in Data Center you had a couple of knock out quarters there, so maybe just update there. Is there any lumpiness or is it just smaller and you didn't mention it? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Yeah. On the TME side, there is some related to 5G specialty testers, high end testers. But actually there is also good amount of strength in the emulation and prototyping side of the world where our product strength is really quite unmatched. I think I mentioned before where we might see some degree of softening is more on say, the pure semiconductor test and some of the other areas. But as a whole, TME was strong and not just because of 5G. So that's maybe we think about it that way. With respect to the core Data Center, again, it is still relatively small and we said we had double-digit growth on a quarter-to-quarter basis and our year-on-year basis from small numbers it nearly doubled. But it's still relatively modest today, right? Again, we see all of that growing more materially next fiscal year. But we're quite happy about what we're seeing. In terms of lumpiness, I mean, I think, because things are emerging, yes, there is a degree of lumpiness. But I don't think we're anywhere close to seeing what steady state is. So I don't think intrinsically, I have no reason to believe intrinsically this will become a diversity kind of market.
Lorenzo Flores: And I think some of the aggregate lumpiness that you might have, might be reflected in the business results have been more attributed to the cryptocurrency. As we've said, that declined in the quarter.
Victor Peng: Yeah. And again just to put that in perspective, cryptocurrency is a very small percentage. But because we're talking about a relatively small of our core Data Center that is strategically interesting is big enough that those fluctuations can impact that on the near-term basis. But Lorenzo said that we don't consider that part of the core business.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Charles Kazarian: Hi. This is Charles Kazarian on behalf of John Pitzer. Thanks for letting me ask the question and congrats on the strong results. You have previously painted a picture of a less steep, but longer rev ramp for 5G. But with year-on-year comps rev up about 40% year-on-year, it looks like this ramp is perhaps a bit steeper than the prior cycle and December rev only about 5% lower than the 2014 peak. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit on, one, how this ramp is played out relative to expectations, say, 12 months ago? And then, two, just the content growth you are seeing has already brought you close to the 2014 peak levels just given we're still relatively early innings in this build out? Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yeah. clearly, we didn't anticipate the ramp starting as early as it did. I think we said that on the last call. So the start of this ramp is happening faster than we had thought. And the strength for coming out of the gate is pretty strong. I did allude to the fact that we're shipping both in some cases not all, in some cases both in baseband, as well as in the radio. So I think a combination of all those is what's giving the strong strength. I will say that this speaks to one of our strengths relative to ASICs, right. I mean, just again we've talked about one of our key value props in multiple markets is, you're not high to get the market on tape-out cycles as much. Once we've come up with products, people could come out with new capability very rapidly. But I would still say if you look at there will still be some adversity into this market. That's unlike what we said about Data Center. I don't think 5G is going to be just as a steady climb. But this is the early -- this is still the earlier deployment, we definitely still believe that in 2020 and beyond that there will be more strength and more growth. So, yes, this is a bit stronger than what we anticipated, but I think there's more to come. So that help?
Operator: Our next question comes from John Vinh with KeyBanc Capital. Your line is now open.
John Vinh: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just had a follow-up question for you on 5G, Victor. When you look at RFSoCs, right, you've benefited from the discrete integration of some of these analog components that historically whether your analog peers have played into. They have also introduced integrated products as well and everybody seems to be talking about gaining share on 5G here. I'm wondering if you could just comment, are we talking about just on expanding TAM and everybody is benefiting or are there potential kind of relative losers and winners here? I was wondering if you could just provide your perspective on that?
Victor Peng: There is definitely an expanding TAM, because again, I think, 5G over time will definitely be a much bigger deployment. It's so much more rich in terms of what it's doing, the performance is going about orders of magnitude, so there's going to be TAM expansion. I do think that we will also gain share, right? People are as you say playing the game coming from the other side, perhaps. But I would say that still today and we haven't heard of any credible real comparable product people are trying to do integration that are more in advanced packaging kind of mode, which is not the same thing as fully monolithic integration. We already have a roadmap for follow-on products, not only in 16-nanometers, but 7-nanometers. So I think it is going to be both and by the way this is simply just an integration play. People are re-architecting the radio, right. And the different layers in terms of what's in the radio and what sort of at the next level and up in the cloud and [indiscernible] I think they got. So there is also disruption in the overall architecture and we enable the things that I think are going to be more challenged than some other traditional solutions.
John Vinh: Got it. And then my follow-up is just a question on kind of the Chinese risk components. Obviously, there's different perspectives on those, but do you think some of the strength that you are seeing in comps is potential pull-ins by Chinese OEMs ahead of a potential export ban on US components there?
Victor Peng: So, look, we're very sensitive to that situation. So we definitely triangulate from multiple perspective and also we work on various business things to sort of filter that out. So we don't believe what's going on is just pure pull-ins or any sort of double bookings. I would also add that, our strength in wireless is not just in China. I mean all our Tier 1s across all the geographies we're seeing strength. So, yes, China is an important region, but it's certainly not only China. So that's an important point. And as Victor said, we try to triangulate the business we see through what we're learning about the deployments and trying to map as best we can that our demand matches, but we think deployment demand is because we're cognizant of that kind of risk. So, yeah, we don't see that any significant degree, if at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is now open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Just a quick follow-up on the prior question. So specifically to Huawei given the geopolitical climate, do you see some impact on the revenue to that customer and this may be outside of China? And does that have any impact on the timing of the ramp that you see for 5G in which so far you seem to see is ahead of what you previously expected?
Victor Peng: Well, again, this is a very -- I guess, what I'd say complex situation and it's not just us, of course, it's the whole industry. So we monitor this very carefully. I am on the FIA board and there are other things that we do to try and keep a very careful track of the situation. I would say that, so far we are not seeing anything at all material in terms of the business with Huawei. But we're watching that very carefully. In terms of the ramping earlier than expected, I want to repeat that the strength is more on the South Korea deployment than what I'd say. Just -- it's just the very beginning I'd say of what seems to be the start of the China plan. I mean, there was some initial licenses signed of some spectrum is signed, but it's still very early on the China side. So what we are seeing is -- and I think we expressed this last quarter as well is real strength in South Korea in terms of production deployment.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up in ADAS. It looks like this primary level two opportunities in ADAS of industry-wide. Does the potential push out of higher level of autonomous driving having an impact on the ramp of your Zynq products in automotive? And is -- are your Zynq products targeting more like level four type of opportunities?
Victor Peng: I think we are -- we have a lot of activity both in more pure store ADAS, as well as autonomous driving, as well as other features that I'm not sure how you've been exactly like a lot of these occupant monitoring systems to just have a really nice customer experience. Some could be safety-related like browsing, detection and things. Others are just convenience and a better experienced. So I'd say, we are in all these kinds of applications and I did say in my opening remarks the ones that are geared towards autonomous driving whether it's four or whatever, those are more mid-term long-term opportunities. The revenue today is largely around ADAS and other kinds of heads-up display and other kinds of better passenger driver experiences. So I don't think our success there is super dependent on really when very autonomous higher levels of autonomous driving deploys.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I'm hoping you can quantify the impact of crypto. I think it was at the Analyst Day you talked about this actually being a sort of growth opportunity for you as you are engaging with the OEMs and that's -- or let's say company is building mining farms in that space. Should we assume that revenue is approximately zero and we're not going to talk about it much anymore or is this still sort of target business and growth opportunity in your view?
Victor Peng: So I actually don't think we convey that we think there is a big opportunity. I think we get conveyed opportunistic and we were seeing at that time some increased usage. I think we raised it and not too long on the earnings call, because it is volatile and we want everybody to be clear about that. But we've always said, when asked like, look its low tens of millions of revenue on a quarterly basis, and again, from an annual basis it's low single-digit. Again, it's opportunistic, so we will service those customers, but we don't focus on it. It's non-strategic. So -- and clearly like any other solution, I mean, when currency is quite depressed then it goes down and when it goes up, I think, maybe one thing that's a little bit different for us too is that when things are changing like when they are changing some of the algorithms or how they get to the various calculations that can sometimes be benefit us. What we do think may be longer term might be of an opportunity, but we've never -- it's not anything we quantified today. But it is Blockchain technology as a whole, not as they relate to crypto. So, anyways, hopefully that clarifies how we really think about it.
William Stein: Helps a little bit. One other question if I can squeeze it in. On your sort of mid range growth opportunity, we're seeing your year-over-year revenue growth accelerating in the quarter and the guide over 20%. Now despite some shortfalls in crypto and industrial and wireline not doing great just because everyone else is seeing growth, decline pretty precipitously in some cases going negative, when you're doing sort of mid range plan and not a quarter or two out, but let's say four, five, six quarters. Do you believe that you have an opportunity to continue this rate of growth or maybe even accelerate it when the problem spots to go away or do you think this is really a pretty unique and special time in the company's history and we revert to something more, let's say, normal for relative to your history and relative to the industry?
Victor Peng: Look at the last Investor Analyst Day in May, we said that we believe that we can drive a 10-plus percent growth on a sustained basis, which is a departure from our history. That still stands. We're not giving any update of FY'20 or beyond guidance at this point, so we'll hear that again in the next Investor Conference. But certainly we still do stand by the -- and we are executing strategies and so forth to do that 10%-plus, right? Clearly we're well ahead of that now, we -- but again I would say wait to hear from that. But again that goal is already a departure from history. And if you look at what we deliver and that's why I've said if you heard or you attended the XTF conference that we had is that we're not an FPGA company anymore, right. We are a platform company. We have -- we are delivering high performance analog, Versal ACAP is going to change the game over time. So we are a different company and that's why we believe we can sustain double-digit growth.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah. I mean both -- I mean you can just think about in simplest terms, we've significantly expanded the addressable markets we serve and we are gaining share. So we are, as Victor said, fundamentally different and we -- our outlook includes that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Toshiya Hari: I had a question on OpEx. You've been growing OpEx sort of in line are consistent with revenue growth over the past couple of quarters. I think you're guiding to a pretty big number for the March quarter as well. As we look forward into fiscal year 2020, how should we think about the rate of OpEx growth relative to revenue growth? I think, Victor, in the past you've talked about big opportunities facing the company therefore you need to be aggressive. At the same time, I think, you've talked about being a little bit more selective or a little more disciplined with OpEx. So if you can sort of comment on that that would be helpful?
Victor Peng: Yeah. I mean in one sentence I suppose my response will be a little boring and that, yes, you just repeat it, there's no change in that perspective. We do want to be able to sustain this growth. We think the opportunity we have in on a strategic level and long arc of thing is very significant. But it does take investment. We just take tape out our 7-nanometer product, $36 billion transistors, right? This is an incredibly complex and powerful product. As you can imagine that's the first product we have -- we announced when we launched it at XTF six subfamily. So we are going to continue to invest in 7-nanometers. We're not completely done in 16, because of the strength of 16 we've gotten some additional interest and some follow-on. So we are going to drive this growth and we are going to balance earnings expansion, as well as continue to invest, so we can keep this kind of growth up.
Lorenzo Flores: Right. So, the quarter-to-quarter step up was exactly in line with what we had provided at our -- for an annual guide. So it's within the parameters we've already discussed all based on the strategies that Victor just articulated. And so -- we haven't -- and we're not going to in this call give FY'20 guidance. But I think the strategy remains consistent and it's consistent, if you refer back to the previous question on how we're going to drive revenue growth in the future.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you. And then I have a quick follow-up on M&A. Your names have been in sort of the news quite often over the past couple of months. Without obviously talking specifics, if you can remind us what characteristics or what conditions you would look for in a company or business when filtering through potential targets? That will be helpful. Thank you.
Victor Peng: Yeah. I mean, if you look at the DeePhi acquisition which we did, so we can talk about that, is strongly aligned with our strategic goals right? Obviously, we feel that we have a very strong position from the cloud to the edge to endpoint in all kinds of applications and artificial intelligence and machine learning in particular is going to be deployed across all of those. DeePhi is very strong and had capability. They were designing to our platform. So that was obviously to tuck-in. But the point being that the way we think about the rationale be strong, constructiveness towards achieving our strategic goals. And we'll continue to have for tuck-ins and if there's a business we are prepared certainly to do that as well. And I guess, it's probably just best to leave it at that. We wouldn't be doing these kind of adjacency kind of things that seem more like an unrelated bolt-on just because we think there is some nice deal going on. It would be very strategically aligned.
Lorenzo Flores: I mean, I think, there's -- that's a very disciplined strategic filter that Victor talked about. And then very clear eye on providing financial return in the long-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is now open.
Wayne Loeb: Hello. This is Wayne Loeb for Chris Danely. Thank you for taking my question. Can I ask what percentage of your revenue is specifically coming from China and what is the year-on-year growth in China? Also how big are sales from ZTE and Huawei right now?
Victor Peng: So, I'll deal with this kind of in the reverse order. We are not disclosing any customer-specific revenue information. We don't have any 10% customers. So we'll keep it at that. Last year in our K you'd see that our China revenue was $664 million, which is about a quarter of our overall revenue. I would think it, year-to-date it's slightly above that, but it's trending along with the business.
Wayne Loeb: Okay. Thanks. And as a follow-up, are you seeing any extension in lead times given all the revenue growth?
Victor Peng: There were some components for a while where there's some challenges and we've, I am sorry, you're talking about ours -- yeah. I'm sorry, right, I thought you're talking about components, but you need our lead time. I think what -- we've been getting good, really good customer evaluations in terms of our lead time. And so, now, again, in a few critical components in terms of the 5G since that's been very strong, we've delivered, but I wouldn't say that it's not an effort to sort of do that. But no we are not really pushing out in general lead times.
Lorenzo Flores: We have -- on some of our newer products, we have extended lead times. So we work very carefully with our customers to deliver to their needs. So its point issues not systematic.
Victor Peng: Yeah. And I think in general we are compared to peers, we are still doing very well in terms of delivery and lead times.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Chris Rolland: Hey, guys. Congrats on a super quarter. Victor, I know you've talked about Intel perhaps pushing density for 10-nanometer a little too far here. And I know there's been a lot of discussions about architecture here. But can you talk to us about your view on getting the node first? This used to be the big battle between you and Altera. If you were to get there first, what is the six-month lead mean for your general business in your opinion?
Victor Peng: Yeah. I mean, I would say, it still does matter for certain programs in markets, and certainly, when we are talking about pure FPGAs, it had a stronger correlation to how people will do. But since we have moved beyond pure FPGAs that's why I think architecture is becoming more and more important. It isn't just capacity of logic sales because we offer a whole lot more value than that. Additionally, I would say that this has been very silicon-focused, but all the tools, the IP and now higher levels of the software stack that we're now providing, Ergo are saying that, we should think of it as more of a platform company that's also adding value and therefore barriers. So we are still continuing to execute very well relative to Intel PSG from a pure silicon, but it is actually -- the barrier is actually even higher than that, because they are not innovating like we're innovating in terms of the architecture or the technologies we're integrating and also the whole software stack. So having said that, we continue to watch them, we respect Intel, of course. You never want to get arrogant in any way shape or form. But we feel really good about what we are doing and I mean I think we have been leading from the front for a while, so we are not going to let up.
Chris Rolland: Great. And then, Victor, perhaps, your expectation for AI core is the idea here kind of to cede the market with Alveo to kind of prime the pump for AI core? Is that where you guys are expecting kind of Data Center inflection for the inference market or do you expect AI core to be kind of that next step in the evolution?
Victor Peng: No. It's not evolutionary. It is definitely more revolutionary like we are going to get significant factors of improvement. In the AI core from the inference market I want to expand to make sure that that the inference market we may not just in the Data Center, but we see that again on edge computing, as well as really endpoints. Versal including the AI Core will be using the automotive. We have a lot of strong interest in automotive. We certainly have interest in the Data Center and it's multi-market, right? So we really do see that is going to expand quite a bit. I think, Alveo, I wouldn't say, it as strongly correlates to AI core per se, but I think this whole thing of delivering a platform, right, not just the physical board piece, but the software stack that lets you just in this case a very standard base infrastructure and Data Center piece that new cards in the future other types of Data Center cards. In selective areas you're going to see us do more platform kind of things, right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie Securities. Your line is now open.
Srini Pajjuri: Victor, just a question on the SmartNIC market. I think you mentioned a couple of design wins in there. Could you put that into perspective as to how big that market is and when do you think that ramps will start and how that might impact your revenue growth?
Victor Peng: Yeah. Again, we've always talked about both the compute segment, the storage, as well as the network in the SmartNIC. I would say, SmartNIC is probably the second of the three, right. Where in the long arc of things compute could be the largest. But having said that, I would say is that SmartNIC unlike in compute is less criticality of us making it kind of super simplistic in the sense of being needing to operate only at a very high level design abstraction not knowing thing about the hardware. The nature of the customers we're engaging with on SmartNIC are much more technical. So the good news is we don't have to -- we are not -- there's not a critical dependency on that piece of it. And also since we're not trying to support a broad swath of ICs and things like that, it's not an ecosystem element either. So from those perspective, it's very attractive. It's also nice because we're seeing customer pull not just pushing, right. So those are -- we see that that is a very important area for us. I think it's not just us, but I think people are doing ASIC. So it's clear that other people see value in the architecture of doing offload, obviously, for face value also just getting more bandwidth into the Data Center, as well as doing other things like security and so on and so forth. So it's a very attractive market. I'm always reluctant to calling kind of like a self inflection point. I view it as we are getting strong design wins across many end customers, regions and applications. That's a good thing. Unfortunately we can't -- I can't publicly talk about some of this either, but we're feeling very, very encouraged about design win momentum.
Srini Pajjuri: Great. And then, just as a follow-up. I think in your comments about 5G baseband, I think, you kind of said, you won't be able to hang on to some of the early designs wins in the preproduction baseband. I just want to understand that comment a bit more. I mean, if you can please elaborate on that. What do you mean by you won't be able to hang on? I mean, are you just seeing kind of an ASIC transition that we normally see here or are you seeing something else? Just want to understand a little better. Thank you.
Victor Peng: Sure. And I guess, this is always this thing that I'm trying to do of being very candid, at the same time, not trying to get to the thing that we don't have a very good opportunity here, right? So what I mean is, so 5G is not just a single point in time. There really clearly are going to be generations of 5G, because 5G is really umbrella of standards, as well as technology. And the very early deployments that we're seeing now it doesn't have the full features and capabilities. So you're going to see wave of 5G technologies, as well as, of course, deployment. We are participating in baseband which traditionally we haven't. And that's part of the growth, right? I think in this first generation, certainly in certain areas we do think that when ASICs catch up, because again they tend to lag that we'll lose some of that baseband. Hopefully, we're still holding on to some of it. What I was saying is that, with our similar Versal [ph], because that is still more powerful in some of the engagement that we're seeing that we believe we have a much stronger shot of maintaining baseband and of course continue to expand on our strength in radio and so forth, right? And by the way in 5G there's going to be more radio, so it's not like our success hangs on the baseband, but of course, we would like to capture those value as we can. So I hope that helps a little bit more in my comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Vijay Rakesh: It's just good quarter again. Just wondering when you look at 5G side, obviously, comp grew nicely. How do you -- how would you characterize to growth this figure in 2019 calendar year, I'm saying on the Data Center side? And then you mentioned briefly about FPGAs in getting traction in Amazon and Alibaba and Huawei, I think, you can give a some more color on the outlook there for 2019?
Victor Peng: Okay. So for 2019, obviously, we gave guidance for the current quarter. We're not giving guidance for fiscal 2020, which is a good portion of calendar 2019, right? So I think you might want to wait to hear when we have our Investor and Analyst Day for broader guidance. But, again, I guess, what I would say on the 5G, these are early deployments. But again you're going to see more of it, right? These are just -- these are the early deployments and it will still have some to it. So on a quarter-by-quarter basis you are going to see some big ups and down. But on an integrated basis, right, 5G will be higher in peak and higher in the overall area on the curve if you will for revenue. I think there is no question that's going to happen. And obviously this will be -- we are stronger, we are more strongly positioned today than we were in some of the past generations for all the reasons we've discussed earlier in terms of RFSoC, Versal and future generations and even our 16-nanometer today, even in the baseband. So we feel very good about 5G, although you will see some parsing so, and again we are not guiding on detail in FY '20 at this point.
Matt Poirier: Hey, Liz. We'll take one more question.
Victor Peng: So I think one last thing on the second part you asked our Data Center and FAS, I think. I mentioned that we have additional FaaS engagements, I didn't identify them, because unfortunately I'm not at liberty to do that at this point in time. But what I'm saying is that, we have some additional engagement beyond what has already been publicly announced which is Amazon. We've also had subsequently Alibaba and Huawei who have deployed in production. We are seeing good activity there, but I was really referring to the progress we have and that we have other ones that today I can't name, but we have other ones. So there will be more FAS deployment. So this is the takeaway there.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And just one follow-up if I may. On the FPGA side, on 5G, obviously, good traction there you see in the radio numbers. Do you see any competition from ASICs coming kind of being a low cost alternative or is it too early in the FPGA ramp, you still kind of looking the technology ramped more there.
Victor Peng: Yeah. Really look the quick answer there is what I was referring to the fact that in the first generation of wave of 5G deployments, on the baseband side not the radio we might not have persistency in that, pulling that and that is because ASICs might come along to displace some of that in the baseband side. So, yes, there is and there always has traditionally been some ASIC competition. But, again, we are persistent certainly in the radio and we believe in second -- third generation we should see some persistence in the baseband.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time.
Victor Peng: Okay. Well thanks everyone for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific 8:00 PM Eastern Time. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit us on our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release data for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 will be on Wednesday, April 24th after the market close. We will be attending the following conferences this quarter. So Goldman Sachs Internet Technology Conference in San Francisco on February 12, as well as the Morgan Stanley TMT Conference also in San Francisco on February 26. And then, additionally, we'll be hosting our Investor and Analyst Day in New York City on May 14th. So please save the date. We look forward to seeing you there and more details to follow. This completes our call and thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Poirier - IR Victor Peng - CEO Lorenzo Flores - CFO
Analysts: Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley C.J. Muse - Evercore John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird Blayne Curtis - Barclays Chris Danely - Citigroup
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Erica, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin.
Matt Poirier: Thank you, Erica, and good afternoon, everyone. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the September quarter, the business outlook for the December quarter and the revised outlook for fiscal year 2019. We will then open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. As we discussed in last quarter’s earnings call, in addition to GAAP financial measures, we will also be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the company's financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations, by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisitions. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the company's ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very excited to report that executing on our new strategy is returning results in FY19 that are well ahead of our original plan. We have broad strength in our business in Q2 with growth in six out of nine of our end markets. Establishing ourselves in the data center and accelerating growth in our core markets resulted in a new quarterly revenue record of 746 million, which is up 19% year-over-year and drove the non-GAAP EPS, up 30% year-over-year. Given our first half FY19 results and the continued near term strength we see in multiple markets, we're raising our guidance for all of FY19 to be between $2.95 billion to $3 billion. Now to be clear, we are watching the macro environment very carefully. Nonetheless, we feel this is the appropriate forward guidance. So let me share some recent business highlights. So, communications was very strong in Q2, driven by LTE upgrades, pre-5G and some early 5G deployments. Our wireless business grew very significantly with broad based strength in both radio and baseband applications with major OEMs across multiple geographies and we resumed shipping to ZTE. Our wired business grew due to customer transitions to next generation product in several applications, including OTN Metro, access and data center interconnect. In the data center segment, we continue to build momentum with hyperscale companies and acceleration deployment. So for example, Twitch, a subsidiary of Amazon, shared at our Developer’s Forum how they achieved the industry’s first broadcast quality live streaming platform using a new video and coding format, VV9 and all accelerated on our FPGAs. Samsung announced at their Tech Day their smart SSD product, which was the result of a year-long collaboration between our companies. Samsung’s smart SSD combines our 60-nanometer ultrascale plus FPGA with their leadership storage technology for accelerating computing near the store data. With regard to FAS, our leadership position in China market expanded, as Alibaba changed their FPGA as a service from beta access to general access. And this falls on Huawei’s general access that occurred with their FAS program this past June. And recently, Amazon Web Services doubled their FAS availability zones four 4 to 8, adding London, Sydney, Frankfurt, and most recently China. Now continuing in terms of data center in our platforms, earlier this month, we announced Alveo, a portfolio of very powerful adaptable accelerated cards that will increase the performance in industry standard servers, both in the cloud and in our on-prem data centers, a very broad range of applications including AI inference. And Alveo did ship for revenue very late in Q2, but the revenue ramp really begins in the second half of FY19. We expect revenue to grow at a good pace, but in absolute terms, will be relatively modest for FY19. We do expect Alveo to contribute meaningful revenue in FY20. Now, we also made excellent progress in our data center partnerships and ecosystem. So, working with AMD, we achieved an industry record for the highest AI inference throughput performance at 30,000 images per second, with less than 2 milliseconds latency, all packed in a 4U server form factor with epic CPUs and 8 Alveo accelerator cards. Huawei has announced that they are integrating and deploying Alveo acceleration cards in their server and product portfolio and we are collaborating together to foster an applications ecosystem in China. Inspur, a leading global data center and cloud computing solutions provider announced that they'll be qualifying to Alveo cards together with their server platforms. And on the investment side, we made multiple investments last quarter in applications ecosystems, both in the data center as well as in other markets for a breadth of applications, including database acceleration, mobility and next generation technology. And with respect to acquisitions, we did complete our acquisition of DeePhi Tech, which is an AI Technology Company and integration is going quite well. Their products and technology significantly strengthens our AI capabilities and what we can offer for use cases in the cloud at the edge and at endpoints. Now moving on to our progress overall as a platform company, our 28 and 60-nanometer Zync product families continue to grow very robustly. Zync sales achieved a new record, growing 70% from a year ago quarter and that represents 18% of sales. Growth was across a broad set of applications in the communications, automotive, mostly advanced driver assist systems and industrial end markets. Our Zync RFSoC products had a revenue growth for approximately 4x versus the prior quarter’s revenue and we have well over 100 unique customers at various stages of engagement and we see our opportunity pipeline growing in double digit percentages. And finally, the most profound recent milestone by far was our official announcement of our 7-nanometer Versal product family, the NC’s first ACAP. ACAP to refresh your memory stands for adaptive compute acceleration platform and this is a new product category that goes far beyond the capabilities of FPGAs. ACAPs are adaptable, scalable and are heterogeneous compute platforms that is both hardware as well as software programmable. So the Versal family will accelerate a very broad range of applications, including AI inference and applications that have embedded AI in them across multiple end markets and from use cases that span the cloud to the edge and endpoints and indeed communications infrastructure that connects them. Versal delivers effectively the power of full custom silicon without the high cost and very long development cycles of silicon. And they could be optimized to accelerate applications on the fly and actual running systems. So we're on track to tape out the first 7-nanometer Versal product at TSMC later this quarter and we hope silicon next year. So in closing, I'm extremely proud of our team’s excellence and innovation and consistent execution. I'm excited to see the fruits of our efforts in our Q2 and our expectations for the full fiscal year. We continue to be deeply focused on executing our strategy for sustained, robust long term revenue growth and shareholder value. So thank you and now, I’ll turn it over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: Great. Thank you, Victor and good afternoon, everybody. As Victor said, we are very pleased with our business performance this quarter and our outlook for the rest of the fiscal year. Xilinx established several financial records and we are again in the fortunate position of increasing our guidance for FY19. I will elaborate on that guidance after reviewing the quarter. Now for Q2. Revenue was at an all-time high of $746 million, growing 9% from last quarter and 19% year-over-year. We exceeded the high end of our guidance on the strength of our advanced products, which grew 25% over last quarter and 43% year-over-year. Victor pointed out the strength of Zync. It grew 70% year-on-year and highlights our progress as a platform company. From an end market perspective, we saw strengths from three of our four primary end markets. Data center and TME grew significantly with both businesses contributing to the increase in sales. In communications, wired grew more than expected and wireless was particularly strong. Automotive, broadcasting consumer was stronger than expected as automotive and broadcast growth more than offset a slight decline in consumer.  Industrial and A&D declined as expected with a decrease mostly in A&D. Finally, channel revenue was in line with expectations at 19 million. Note, we remain below target levels of channel inventory. Gross margin was 69%, slightly below our guidance, due to the strength of wireless and lower A&D in our end market mix. GAAP operating expense was 282 million and non-GAAP operating expense was 279 million, both in line with our guidance. GAAP operating income was $233 million or 31.2% and non-GAAP operating income was $236 million or 31.6%. Our tax rate was 10% for the quarter. Our non-GAAP rate was 6%. The primary difference between these rates consist of discrete items related to tax reform. Our GAAP net income was $216 million, equating to $0.84 a share of earnings. Non-GAAP net income was $221 million or $0.87 of earnings per share. This is a record level of earnings for Xilinx. Diluted shares for the quarter were flat at 256 million shares. There are a few key points on the balance sheet and cash flow I would like to highlight. We ended the quarter with 3.4 billion in gross cash, down slightly quarter-on-quarter and 1.7 billion in net debt. We generated operating cash flow of $313 million, due in part to reducing accounts receivable to $372 million, approximately 45 days. On capital allocation, we returned 114 million to shareholders with $91 million in dividends and $23 million in share repurchase at an average price of $66.08 a share. As Victor discussed, we completed the acquisition of DeePhi in the quarter. This acquisition, intended to accelerate our strategy, the dividend and our buyback, reflects the application of our capital allocation strategy as discussed at our Analyst Day. On to Q3 and our updated FY19 guidance. We expect revenue to continue to grow with Q3 between $760 million and $780 million. We are forecasting growth in communications, data center and TME and industrial and aerospace and defense. Particular strength is expected in aerospace and defense, wireless and TME. Automotive broadcast and consumer looks to come in approximately flat. Channel revenue is expected to be between $10 million and $20 million. In Q3, our gross margin is expected to be approximately 69% and GAAP operating expense in the range of $295 million. We expect non-GAAP operating expense to be approximately $290 million. The increase quarter-to-quarter in operating expense is related to increases in employee compensation, including profit sharing and sales incentive and the full integration of the DeePhi acquisition. Other income will be approximately $5 million and our tax rate is expected to be between 10% and 12%. For the full year FY19 forecast, we are now expecting our revenue to be between $2.950 billion and $3 billion. At the midpoint, this would be 20% year-over-year revenue growth. Gross margin for the year is expected to be between 69% and 70%. GAAP operating expense for the year is expected to be approximately $1.155 billion and non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be approximately $1.140 million. GAAP other income for the year will be approximately $15 million of income and non-GAAP other income will be approximately $5 million of income. Our GAAP tax rate for the year is expected to be between 10% and 12% and the non-GAAP rate between 9% and 11%. Share count is expected to be flat to very slightly up for the rest of the year.  In summary, we expect the year to show exceptional growth in revenue and profits. We are at the initial stages of realizing the benefits of our strategy and execution and we are excited to see our opportunities developing ahead of our expectations. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from [indiscernible] from Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible]. Thanks for taking my question. My question relates to your commerce business. Just can you talk about any geographic concentration you have there, more specifically, can you quantify your exposure to the China market and talk about the growth, excluding China and should we expect this to be the new baseline for the communications business, how sustainable are these trends as you move into 2019? Thanks.
Victor Peng: Well, China is an important market, but as I said in my comments that we saw growth actually with all the top customers in that segment worldwide. So I would say that we're seeing growth in a number of areas, although China is important. I think we have mentioned in – on the forums that in any event, one of the areas where there's maybe an acceleration of 5G deployments happening in Korea actually. So again while China is important, we're seeing growth actually in multiple geographies. We have consistently, in the past, said that we expected the really large ramp to happen 2020. It does appear that it’s happening -- it's starting a bit earlier. We still believe that it will continue to build and carry over indeed of course past 2020, but it does appear that it's happening a bit earlier. So I think from that perspective, that's a new recent trend I suppose.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: You talked about the growth in Zync. That was pretty impressive growth there. How do you see it? Are you expanding the TAM or these sockets that you might not have had, had you not had Zync integration and what's your visibility on continuing this very strong ramp that you've seen in Zync?
Victor Peng: Yeah. Joe, I mean, I think Zync is -- it is very broad based, which is what's so exciting about it, right? As you know, it’s something that we pioneered quite some time ago and I would say that in the early days, it took a little bit longer and the thing that we gain from that was that there was more software work and things that took a while, but now what we're seeing is just we're just seeing very broad strength everywhere and certainly we do think that we are taking away from other types of solutions, right.  Other ASSPs, other embedded controllers and certainly some -- we were on that board before with an FPGA perhaps, but now we’re capturing more of that and MPS will see the second generation and the RFSoC is based on that, added to it the really high performance integrated ADCs and DACs. So, we are expanding I would say the footprint of Zync as well as the fact that the investment we made back in 28-nanometers. Indeed, most of the revenue is still 28-nanometer Zync. We're seeing a tremendous uptake in terms of design-ins on the 16-nanometer, but most of the revenue for that is still in front us.
Joe Moore: And I guess I’m out with several of your customers at your developers forum and we kind of heard about the use of Zync and about, specifically we heard the comment that if Xilinx had more libraries, then we’d be able to use I think some more applications. How do you think about that from an investment standpoint? How do you balance? It seems like there is a fairly direct tie to developing sort of more of the Xilinx generated IP and revenue, but it obviously takes a lot. So how do you balance that in this growth environment? Should we expect R&D to maybe continue to move up, as you look at those opportunities?
Victor Peng: It's a very good point and again we're really trying to work that balance of continuing to invest. We can keep on this very strong growth, but also return to the investors. And so you will see some growth and on a percentage basis, we're increasing our headcount in software and IP and things above the silicon level if you will much more. Having said that, we're also putting a big focus, that's why you hear me in the highlights and I think hopefully you took away from our developer’s forum that we're really trying driving ecosystem. So it’s not just the Xilinx R&D budget, but it's the collective budget of the ecosystem as well as partners like AND, like Samsung and others. So it’s an and of all those things, we're going to try and do all those things. But, it is part of our balance on how we deliver returns as well as continue to invest, so that we can get higher leverage and more leverage in the model.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: I guess first question, as it relates to wireless and early 5G deployment, can you speak to, I guess, whether this is just prototyping today or other and then importantly, what you've learned now on a content basis and how that translates into sustained growth into 2020 and beyond?
Victor Peng: Yes. So the first part of it, it's, what we're now seeing is not prototyping. I mean, I think we've been saying for some quarters that we're inversely on the early proof of concepts and prototyping. So now, what you're sort of seeing is some of that going into production and I would say and then you heard me make the comment of radio and baseband. So, we do have more content than we have had traditionally. RFSoC is another element and that is actually still emerging and in terms of what we’ll see there and that is absolutely production. It is most cost effective, power efficient and size weight form factor based solution out there. No one really has the product like RFSoC. So, yeah, it's pretty strong. Sorry, second part of the question regarding.
C.J. Muse: What you’re looking from the early deployments today as to what the revenue contributions can look like, as we go into as deployment?
Victor Peng: Yeah. I mean, we continue to see wireless for the year ending up very strong. And although we still expect that things will be [indiscernible] at times or overall, 5G will be the largest deployment I think the industry has seen. And so, we're extremely well positioned for that. I mean, again, I think particularly with RFSoC, I think on the radio, we have an extremely strong position. Yeah. So I do think that this will build, but again no doubt there'll still be some lumpiness, right, as we go through.
C.J. Muse: Great. I guess as a follow-up here, at your Developer’s Forum, and you launched Versal. I think one of the key questions was software to follow up on Joe's question, so curious how we should be thinking about key milestones there in terms of developer’s training instances, what should we be focused on?
Victor Peng: Yeah. We're trying to share each of those elements, right. I mean, as you just said, expansion of FAS, but also non-FAS. It’s certainly not all about that. Indeed, there tends to be a little bit of focus of us just in data center compute, but the Samsung SSD product, I mean, we accelerate in storage. We also have positions in smart mix and converse mix. I think there is a very strong trend in the networking side of the business. There's the ecosystem and then our board business, right, which I think we gave a little bit of the foreshadowing, all the way back to our Analyst Day and we would execute that. So I think watch to see how many people are developing and offering that board and as those board – that board business more meaningfully contributes to revenue in next fiscal year, that will be another sign of things.  On investment level, if we can keep up this great growth, we're going to return some to shareholders and we're going to reinvest to keep this firewall spinning.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Victor, I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more, in your prepared comments, you said that you have your eye on the macro and if I look at the businesses that are probably most macro influence for you, it’s industrial and A&D. And yet despite kind of a macro backdrop that we’re all worried about, you’re guiding pretty strong growth for the December quarter. Curious if you could kind of square that circle for me and as you answer the question, maybe talk about what might be share gains that you're picking up in those end markets?
Victor Peng: Yeah well. A&D actually was down already in the current quarter, but that was off a very strong quarter and we actually believe that going forward, that’s going to strengthen up again. So we actually don't see any signs in the A&D area for sensitive to that. I'll give you one where we do as a sub-segment of our overall basket. As you know, our baskets are pretty big, right, so test measure and emulation and prototyping. Within that, there are semiconductor tests and we are seeing weakening as you might expect within that. On the other hand, emulation and prototyping, we're seeing great strength. So given all of those puts and takes, we’re still seeing TME is on track for an excellent year. So, and also within test, there's also a very special, just as including like 5G test equipment and we’re seeing good strength there for obvious reasons. So, I think this is -- part of this is the strength of the diversity that we have and also the high value and innovation that we have that we're less sensitive than to other products that are – perhaps, there are more options available for people just to switch in and out or it’s just not as high value or not in the core to system, right. So I think that's one aspect of it. And again, we walked into this quarter with very strong backlog. I mean, we feel good about the guidance and then of course FY20, we give that in the Analyst Day and we certainly will earn a lot between now and then, but again, we’ve looked at it and certainly, we're very keenly aware of the environment, we're just seeing good signals for our business.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. The other follow-up, just relative to. Go ahead, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: No. I think if you were -- I wasn't sure John whether you’re referring to the overall growth that we're expecting quarter-on-quarter or just an industrial and A&D. One of the pieces we didn't talk about is continuing strength in communications, particularly in wireless. We think that aligns with both the 4G, LTE continued fill out and the growth in 5G. So that's the last piece of the overall growth story. And then, I'm sorry, go ahead.
John Pitzer: And then I guess, Victor, as a follow-up, I was intrigued by your comments about growth in datacenter in FY20. Your confidence level seems pretty high. Seems like you’ve got a good line of sight. I know, there is probably a lot you can't talk about, but I wanted to give you the opportunity to elaborate on that comment and what gives you that confidence, is this new customers, is this silicon to board. Maybe if you can help us just kind of parse that out.
Victor Peng: Yeah. Well, it's actually a blend, as I said. We actually did get some revenue at the very end of Q2 for Alveo boards and by the way, we only have one board, well actually, we have two boards, the U200 and U250. But we are going to launch more boards through the course of the next short number of quarters. And, I said that they don't grow at a good rate, but it's starting from a very small number. So it's not meaningful, but FY20 will be meaningful. So if you step back, I mean, we didn't have a board’s revenue stream at all, right. So that certainly is contributing to that.  The other thing is there's a lot of games that I can't really speak to right now, but I did get -- I am able to say, so I mentioned Samsung’s smart SSD, they launched that. I can tell you that we have a design win to do a smart memory DIM with a very major memory supplier, but I cannot say who. So, and then, as you know, a lot of the customers, for competitive reasons, I think it’s close to the chest, but we do feel that next fiscal year, we will start seeing much more meaningful revenue. We've been saying that we’re seeing good percentage growth of a relatively smaller number and datacenter as a segment, but in next fiscal year, particularly in the back half, we really see that it's going to start coming together.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: I just wanted to make sure I understood the confidence for the full year. Victor, is it and Lorenzo, is it dependent on comps, 5G, 4G as well as LVO beginning to kick in and what about the other segments, so I'm talking beyond the quarter that you're guiding for?
Victor Peng: Let me give a briefing and I’ll let Lorenzo add colors to this as well. I mean, I think, one of the reasons and I mentioned also while we're very dialed in to watching the macro situation, we still feel that the appropriate guide is because of the breath of the strength that we saw in Q2, which is carrying over into this quarter and also from what we can see for the fourth. So, and clearly as the first half came in stronger than our initial expectations for the year, so I would say, it's the breadth, yes, so that means generalizing your statement, you just pointed out communication and then data center boards, but it goes beyond that, because we're seeing strength in all the other markets, even though within some of those markets, there are weaknesses. As I said, TME, there are weaknesses in some of the segments within that bucket, but the overall larger end market that we report out looks really good for the year.
Lorenzo Flores: I don't have much to add. I mean just it’s kind of obvious, given the relative size of the end markets and the dynamic that we talked about, with the growth in communications, that continues -- that is a large dollar contributor, but it is much more broad than that in the portfolio of end markets we support. 
Ambrish Srivastava: And then within communications, if I remember the number correctly, you said it was up 35% year-over-year, but if we go back, could you give us a sense for -- it has to be well below the peak level we saw a few years ago. So how far below are we from that level and now you have more content, so we should expect as we get into the broader 5G rollout, six or eight quarters from now, that number should be higher than what you did in the last build? Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: Give me just one second to make sure I'm not misaligning things. It is still, from both of the end markets in communications, it is still meaningfully below the highs we've seen, for both wired and wireless in the past, three and five years ago. But I think also, the other thing to think about it, given the growth of our other end markets, it's a smaller percentage of our overall business. Our overall exposure to that is smaller, but we do expect that we have headroom, as we’ve discussed in both wired and wireless to get past the historic levels at some point in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Victor, obviously, there is quite a bit of concern around end markets, like industrials, automotive, semi test, as you sort of addressed them. Can you give us an idea, what’s sort of embedded in your back half guide for some of these end markets where we do have concerns?
Victor Peng: Well, I think I talked a bit about the TME, right. Yes, there are some weakness in some areas, but then some areas are up. So again, from what we can see, we think that for the year, TME will be up quite nicely overall and certainly in the first half, everything is strong, right, including semi – semiconductor test. On automotive, we're seeing growth and we do still expect it to continue, but just to put that in context, I think we sort of talked about how automotive is sort of in the around – about 7% of our business.  So, I mean, even if there's some fluctuation on that, just to put that in context, right, so I would say again, yes, we watch it very carefully in some segments that will feel it, but because just not to be repetitive, but since we have such broad strength in some of these areas we know the dynamics are such that they won't be affected like, since the operators decided they want to pull in 5G, they are not going to back off. Now, they may modulate, right, the ramp, but since we have always said that we really were planning more of a ramp in the later timeframe to some extent, just the fact that accelerated has been upside, right and then RFSoC, which we've never had before, that continues.  We would have liked three more wars just this last quarter, because this is still the product like that. And so, we will have more value in the radio side and there is more radio that’s going to be deployed. So, yes, there are some areas that are weaker, but again because of the broad strength and some of the leadership product that we have, I don't think we're going to be as affected, but of course we’re going to watch this very carefully.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah. We're in a good position obviously in areas like wireless and even in auto, where the platforms that we've been designed into with our products, our high value products are tending to be in the ramp phase. So while macro factors may impact it, they're still in some ways gaining share versus alternatives in multiple end markets, but it puts us in a pretty good position.
Toshiya Hari: Great. And then as a quick follow up, Victor, obviously, you've been on the road quite a bit hosting a lot of sessions and I'm sure you've had a conversation with customers, but for Alveo specifically, what's been the feedback so far. You talked about the ramp into December and more so into calendar ’19, how should we think about the magnitude of that ramp again for Alveo specifically?
Victor Peng: Yes. For FY19, again, it’s starting from effectively zero, right, just at the very end of last quarter. So, it will grow on a percentage basis, but we're not saying that to be very material. But through the course of FY20, as I said in my comments, it will be meaningful revenue. I think the interest is high. I do think that how much more upside versus it maybe being a little bit moderate, there is certainly a degree of around some of the things that the early questions around application development, in fact also just education and so forth and that's why we did the Developer’s Forum and hopefully you saw some of the momentum that we are getting in strong interest there, right. So it's early days, but we do feel like the signals are, there's a lot of interest and revenue being meaningful in FY20 timeframe, not FY1.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra: You’re now starting to go after semiconductor content that traditionally has been discrete chips, adjacent to FPGA such as DACs and ADCs universal RF series. What are the other content adjacency opportunities that you are seeing and can you talk about the candidate, if any, in addition to that could be play as part of the FPGA integration going forward.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah. So one is, if you look at Versal, to a degree, the reason why that’s -- we keep trying to make sure people appreciate that it's not an FPGA is exactly because of the richness of the multiple different types of compute engines and all the infrastructure we've built into that. It's got multi-core SOCs, it's got a network on a chip, it's got the next generation programmable adaptive hardware, the fabric and distributed memory and it's got this new, in some of the products, some of the sub families before them, series like for instance the AI core series will have this new architecture, call it, the AI engine.  And so if you look at just the integration level and part of that of course is still going to have all the multi-MACs, high speeds series, some will talk to integrated HVM on a silicon interposer. It's a really, really complete and powerful platform. So that is exactly the direction that we're going in and so because of that, we can expand and we will expand our SAM and we're increasing more and more the competition isn't just other FPGAs. It’s indeed well beyond that. And then to get the leverage and there's been a lot of good questions around this area that that's why we're so focused on so in delivering a whole software stack and then driving an ecosystem around that. So yes, we’re integrating a tremendous amount of capability into our Versal products.
Tristan Gerra: And then just going back on the, while the opportunity, even if we assume that the ASPs are half the less price that you’ve mentioned, trying to reconcile this with your targeted, incremental revenue coming from data center suggest that you’re probably making very conservative market share or adoption rate assumptions, any color you could give us in terms of assumption of market share or any type of adoption rate that you see for that new revenue stream to get to your guidance.
Victor Peng: Well, what I would say is that, we -- I wouldn’t say that we're being very conservative, but we're certainly trying to be measured, because it is new for us. But as I said, we are seeing strong interest. It’s just pretty early days. I think we also -- we have to build out, which we are. We're actively building out the whole go to market channels. All of that is being produced, so I would say again that we are going to be priced competitively, but we deliver an awful lot of value and then we will see both share. I mean, the whole acceleration segment is relatively new right, but we do feel like this is a whole new product revenue stream as well as a way to accelerate people getting to market with applications, right, because we don't -- people have to start with a chip, so that's why again, we're pricing the value and we think we’re going to capture that value, but it’s an emerging area.
Operator: Your next question comes from [indiscernible] from KeyBanc Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to follow-up on kind of the data center question that was asked earlier. It seems like you've got very good proof points right now with several of your customers like Huawei, WS, and Baba adapting FAS, but it seems like there's a much more meaningful opportunity, if you can convince one of your customers to move forward with an internal acceleration architecture, similar to what we've seen at Catapult. We think it will take for one of your customers or potential customers to move forward with that use case and is that something that we can think about happening potentially next year, that's potentially baked into your expectations for more meaningful growth in data center?
Victor Peng: Well, look, I mean I agree to that. The world is not just that fast and indeed, like I said, earlier, for us, it’s unlike many other suppliers, it's not even just about data center compute, right, like in storage, just heard, we're working on memory and we're in smart and conversion mix. But now back to your point, I agree and I'm sure you heard in my opening comments that the Twitch group, right, and they did acceleration on video, right. So just goes to show again, we do do that and we are working with others. Again, it's just always a bit challenging in terms of when things can be shared, and but yes, we have many engagements for internal acceleration, some which involve machine learning, some which do not. I think Alveo is going to also help that, because again it lowers the barrier significantly for people to develop applications and also to bring that on-prem. So, it’s not everything that’s around in public cloud, right. So I agree with you and I hope that I can share more of that going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: And then my follow-up is on 5G. It seems like your customers are approaching 5G with a combination of using RFSoC and MPSoC and some other FPGAs, can you just talk about your expectations for 5G. Do you expect the majority of your 5G customers to move to RFSoC and because of the integration and performance in the BOM cost savings, does that give you more staying power late in the cycle as your customers consider kind of ASIC reversion as an opportunity?
Victor Peng: Absolutely. I think I couldn’t have made the same statement better than you just articulate. I mean, look, the RFSoC really is like, it’s not hype. I mean, there's nobody that has a product like that and by the way, it's not just 5G, right. I mean, it's any kind of massive MIMO or antennary application. We see it in cable, we see it in other kinds of like radar applications. And people are changing their architecture, the radio architecture, based on this. And so, in that sense, it’s certainly pretty sticky.  I don't really see what in that particular instance, people being able to disrupt that and it's just getting started, right. We just recently went into production and people are deploying. So I think RFSoC will certainly be very, very strong. And, but you're right, it was not just RFSoC. We’re seeing usage of other MPSoCs as well as just our FPGAs, at the 16-nanometer node. Some of that over the course of time could go to that, but right now, things are so dynamic and things are moving so quickly.  That isn't happening and I think that's going to actually – 5G is so ambitious and there's so many things happening that that will probably happen for a bit longer, but I'm not necessarily suggesting that our position in baseband will be as durable as our position in radio, for instance, right. I mean, I think, radio is -- and we already have a roadmap, right. So it's not just the first generation RFSoC. We already have the product, the next generation as well as in 7-nanometer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Jay for Ross Seymore. Thanks for letting me ask a question. You touched on this previously, but how do you view Xilinx’s benefit from the 5G transition as compared to the 4G transition, perhaps from a magnitude and duration perspective.
Victor Peng: Yeah. I mean to expand on it, I think 5G is going to clearly overtime significantly past what 4G was as the industry and that's for us, it's a bigger opportunity as well and it's both because of the 5G from a technology perspective is so much more disruptive. It's much broader and it really is not just a communication standard, but it's really being used as a term for a basket of technology, including things like massive MIMO, which isn’t inherently necessarily 5G. There is IoT being associated, also automotive. So, it's very broad, very ambitious. And then it's not just because of the segment is bigger, it's also like we're innovative, we added value that we're adding more value like again, in RFSoC for instance. For that matter, MPSoC, but back in the 4G, we didn't have integrated multi-core RFSoCs and we didn't have really high performance ADCs and DACs monolithically integrated. So yes, I think, the general market will be bigger and broader and I think our opportunity over time will be significantly larger.
Unidentified Analyst: As a follow up on the OpEx side, how far along are Xilinx’s software investments in support of the data center efforts, do you expect those investments to slow or do they need to persist on a structural or customer by customer engagement basis?
Victor Peng: Well, I think, in broad strokes, it's certainly not going to slow. I mean we need to, in fact, within what’s reasonable and affordable, so that we could return values to shareholders and still continue to invest. As I said, we’ll probably invest from a headcount perspective fortunately more in software and things about silicon than we would at the silicon level. Having said that, we are investing in the ecosystem and also doing partnerships. So we're really trying to expand the footprint. So it's not just us. Now, the other part that you alluded to is also true, right, some of the really, really big customers. There's a lot of customization. There's things that we work very closely with to make sure that we deliver to their needs and we are investing and doing that as well for obviously the select top customers. So yeah for both of those reasons, just the broad horizontal investment as well as some key major customers, we are and we will be investing more on software and IT and related things.
Operator: And your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Just curious into the September quarter, you mentioned ZTE was back, just curious how much that was and maybe versus what you were planning when you guided? And then just longer term, just curious, you talked about earlier 5G. If you can just relate it to the ramp of 4G. That’s all two sharp quarters in the beginning of ’14 and then kind of fell. It sounds like 5G may be a little longer lived, just kind of curious, as you look out over the next few quarters or even years, the trajectory of 5G versus 4G.
Victor Peng: Okay. So the first part ZTE, so as we said when the first de novo order happened and we just want to remind everybody, we don't have any 10% customers or anyone that’s even near 10% to be honest. Having said that, ZTE is an important customer and so it was a component certainly of our growth, but again, I want to emphasize that that wasn't -- it wasn't just about ZTE. There is early deployments and we’re seeing strength from other major customers are client to wireless. I would say because, like that occurred just at the very start of fiscal ’19, I would say that it's not as though we see ZTE being above our original plan. I mean obviously, they had one last quarter to ship in, but it's not over our original plan. But we did have to take them out at the start of the fiscal year, but then once we knew that was back in, we adjusted appropriately. Okay. So then in terms of 5G kind of ramp, definitely, as I said before, I think it will be larger. I think it will last longer, because it’s so ambitious and there’s so many – there is so many -- so much innovation even at the business model level of what's going to happen with 5G. But calling exactly the shape, I mean, heck, you know, I mean, the last quarter, we weren't saying that we were going to see it. Now, we're saying we're maintaining that 2020 mainly, but now, lo and behold, it appears that people are wanting to do -- start that deployment next year. So I don't feel totally comfortable. I’m telling you exactly how that rolls out. I do think it will still somewhat be there, and that's why I want to caution people on that, but integrate over time, it's nothing to be a big opportunity for us and it will be a long opportunity because data bandwidth is going crazy and people want low latency and high bandwidth. So that build out is going to be very substantial. Not only wires by the way, I mean, that's wire too, the entire network has to go and get upgraded. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Chris Danely from Citigroup.
Chris Danely: Thanks guys. I guess I'll try and ask that 5G question in another way. I’ve been doing this for way too long. How far ahead of plan is your 5G, I know you’re not going to give us the revenue, but if you look at the revenue you have right now, are we one, two, three quarters ahead of where you thought that would be and then I know you're not going to talk about like the curve, but if you go back and look at previous upgrades in air interface standards, how long was it from sort of the original or excuse me, the initial ramp until peak and then do you think that this one, the 5G could be a longer ramp from the initial until the peak?
Victor Peng: Okay. So, the first part of your question is how far ahead and you said one, two, or three. I guess what I would say, in order of magnitude, you’re probably right, probably more than two, three kind of ish, I would say. And then in terms of, again, that’s tougher. I really and look, I'm not going to claim that the vision to be quite candid. But I do talk a lot of customers right and technologist people. So having said that, what I would say is that, this is definitely going to be broader. It is very, very ambitious and by the way and to add another big macro trend into this, everybody is looking at artificial intelligence, machine learning in the network. Right. That's going to bring a whole another level of things. So just given how ambitious and how changing this is going to be, not just the traditional markets. I do think it will be just broader. That would be my qualitative. I certainly don't think I’m smart enough to call the delta to the peak. But, you know what, when we get a whole lot closer to it, the future is hard to predict. The predictions are hard, especially about the future. 
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Matt Poirier: Great. Well, thanks for joining us today, everyone and we’ll have a playback of this call, beginning at 5 PM Pacific, 8 PM Eastern today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of fiscal year 2019 will be on Wednesday January 23 after the market closed. As far as conference participation this quarter, we will be attending the Credit Suisse Technology Conference on November 27. This completes our call and thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Poirier - Xilinx, Inc. Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc. Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.
Analysts: Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Kellan Grenier - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Catherine, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to Xilinx First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Poirier. Thank you. Mr. Poirier, you may begin your conference
Matt Poirier - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Catherine, and good afternoon, everyone. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the June quarter, the business outlook for the September quarter and the revised outlook for fiscal year 2019. We will then open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and 8Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. Beginning in Q2, in addition to GAAP financial measures, we expect to disclose certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the company's financial result. These measures are disclosed to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operation, by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisitions. As inorganic growth becomes more significant to our overall strategy, we believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the company's ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm delighted that our effort to drive growth in our core markets has delivered record revenue and EPS for the quarter. The June quarter revenues of $684 million were up 14% year over year, with growth across the majority of our business as six of our nine end markets increased in the quarter. Our strategy to drive accelerated top line growth is delivering results. We're confident we can build on the momentum we established in Q1 through the rest of the fiscal year. Consequently, we are raising our guidance for the full year based on the strength of our business across multiple end markets, including the Data Center and TME market and the communications market. Lorenzo will discuss both the fiscal second quarter and the full year guidance in his remarks. We made significant progress on our Data Center strategy, getting key design wins from hyperscalers in acceleration use cases beyond FPGA as a Service or FAAS. On the FAAS front, Huawei announced general access to their FAAS offering. We also continued the expansion of our software ecosystem with an additional 500 AWS F1 developers trained in the quarter, bringing the cumulative number of trained developers to over 900. On the inorganic front, we acquired DeePhi Tech, which significantly strengthens our capability in artificial intelligence from the cloud to the edge. DeePhi is a Beijing-based company with industry-leading capabilities in AI, specializing in compression, pruning and system-level optimizations of deep neural network. We also made multiple investments during the quarter in our applications ecosystem across a breadth of apps, including data analytics, video transcoding, and network intelligence. Lastly, on the Data Center, we see very strong early interest in the Data Center boards offering we plan to launch later this year, as we shared at our Analyst Day in May. Our transformation from an FPGA company to a platform company, which began when we introduced the 28 nanometer Zynq family, continues to build momentum with our 16 nanometer Zynq MPSoC and, most recently, our disruptive 16 nanometer Zynq RFSoC products. Our first and second generation Zynq products achieved a new sales record in the June quarter, growing 76% from the year ago quarter, and now represents 17% of total sales. This growth was driven by a broad set of applications in the automotive, industrial, communications, and Data Center markets. We're extremely excited about our RFSoC products that are now shipping in production and have very strong design-in momentum with approximately 60 active customers. An example of our momentum in the automotive market is our recent announcement with Daimler AG of our collaboration on a custom AI inference platform for their future vehicles. This custom solution is built on top of a Xilinx automotive platform consisting of MPSoC devices, AI acceleration, IP and software. This scalable solution delivers high performance with low latency, and exceptional power efficiency for automotive applications with embedded AI. The partnership is going extremely well and is another milestone in our long history in the automotive business. We have cumulatively shipped more than 50 million units of ADAS into the automotive OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers. Our sustained excellence in innovation and execution is driving momentum across multiple end markets, as demonstrated in our June results. We're also delighted that a constructive resolution to the Department of Commerce ruling on ZTE has been reached. Accordingly, we plan to resume shipments to ZTE this quarter. Lorenzo will share more details on how this factors into the September quarter as well as our full year guidance. While we're very pleased with our latest results, we remain intensely focused on executing on the three elements of our strategy; driving significant growth in the Data Center, accelerating growth in our core end markets, and driving adaptive computing. We are absolutely committed to the sustained long-term growth of our business and delivering value to the shareholders. Now, I'll turn it over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Victor. As Victor discussed, our business is showing robust strength. So, today, I will discuss the first quarter, and I am pleased to also provide updated guidance for the rest of the year. For the June quarter, sales increased to a record of $684 million as we easily surpassed the midpoint of our guidance. Sales were up 7% sequentially, and 14% year-over-year, driven by broad-based growth in our Advanced Products. Advanced Products grew 6% sequentially, and 21% year-over-year, indicative of the overall strength of our product portfolio. As a reminder, we adopted the new revenue recognition standard in the fiscal first quarter, and all figures and prior period comparisons are based on the new standard. From an end market perspective, Data Center and TME was down primarily due to an expected decline in TME and the decline in cryptocurrency. Communications was up, as broader strength in both wired and wireless offset the impact of ZTE. Industrial, Aerospace & Defense grew slightly, as broad industrial growth more than offset an expected decline in A&D. Finally, all end markets in Automotive, Broadcast and Consumer increased. Channel revenue was $8 million. Note, we remain significantly below target levels of Channel inventory. Gross margin for the quarter was 69.8%, in line with our guidance. Operating expense was $262 million, slightly higher than our guidance. Operating income for the quarter was $216 million, or 31.5%. The tax rate for the quarter was 11%, in line with expectations. Our net income for Q1 was $190 million, and diluted shares for the quarter were 256 million shares. That leads to earnings per share of $0.74, which is a record for Xilinx. Now, I'd like to highlight a few key points on the balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $3.4 billion in gross cash, and $1.7 billion net cash after our debt. In the quarter, operating cash flow was $176 million, and we returned $228 million to shareholders in the form of $91 million in dividends, and $137 million of share repurchases. We bought back approximately 2.1 million shares at an average price of $66.27 per share. We have approximately $570 million remaining in repurchase authorizations. We will continue to apply our capital allocation strategy, as discussed at our Analyst Day. Accounts receivable increased $75 million to $456 million. While we expected receivables to decline this quarter, we are still in the process of implementing our new channel inventory management practices. The combination of shipment patterns and our business processes resulted in our increased accounts receivable balance. However, there is no concern about the quality of our accounts receivable. The receivables are current, and we anticipate no collection issues. We continue to improve our processes in conjunction with our channel partners, and are confident that we will see a reduction in the balance. Now, for the guidance. As Victor mentioned, we are updating our FY 2019 guidance based on the broad strength we are seeing in our business. We now expect fiscal 2019 sales to be between $2.8 billion and $2.9 billion. This would be approximately 15% revenue growth at the midpoint. All of our end markets are expected to grow in the year, with notable strength coming from Data Center, TME, Industrial, and Communications. We continue to gain revenue traction in Data Center. TME applications and customer adoption are expanding. And Industrial is growing across a broad set of applications, including industrial IOT, vision, and medical. Wireless is expected to grow significantly with early 5G production deployments and the anticipated recovery of our business with ZTE. We are also seeing an increase in wired infrastructure deployment in conjunction with the 5G ramp. Gross margin is expected to be between 68.5% and 70.5%. GAAP operating expense is expected to be in the range of $1.147 billion to $1.167 billion. For the DeePhi acquisition, our preliminary estimate is approximately $27 million in amortization of acquired intangibles and other non-recurring expenses. Excluding those expenses, non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be between $1.120 billion and $1.140 billion. GAAP other income is expected to be in the range of $18 million to $23 million. Excluding an expected gain on an investment of $8 million in Q2, non-GAAP other income is expected to be between $10 million and $15 million. Our tax rate is expected to be between 10% and 14%. Fully diluted share count is expected to be approximately $256 million (sic) [256 million] (12:37) for the year. Now, more near-term on the September quarter. We are expecting sales to be between $700 million and $720 million. With regards to primary end markets, we expect Data Center and TME to increase, with both end markets growing significantly. Automotive, Broadcast and Consumer is expected to be approximately flat, coming off a record quarter in June. Industrial, Aerospace & Defense is expected to decline, also coming off a very strong June quarter. Communications is expected to increase, with strong wireless revenue more than offsetting a slight decline in wired. We will benefit from early 5G deployment activity in Korea, as well as from the lifting of the denial order on ZTE. Channel revenue is expected to be approximately $20 million as we work toward more typical levels of channel inventory. Our gross margin is expected to be approximately 69.5%. GAAP operating expense is expected to be $281 million, and non-GAAP operating expense is expected to be approximately $279 million. This excludes a preliminary estimate of approximately $2 million in amortization of acquired intangibles and other non-recurring expenses. Outside of the acquisition-related expenses, the primary factor driving the increase is employee compensation, including our regular annual compensation increase for employees, and profit sharing driven by our revenue growth. GAAP other income is expected to be approximately $11 million, primarily due to a gain on investment of $8 million. Excluding that gain, we expect non-GAAP other income of $3 million. Our tax rate is expected to be between 10% and 14%. Finally, we have provided, on our website, revenue data which reconciles between our prior reported revenue and revenue under the new accounting standard, as well as a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation for our Q2 and FY 2019 updated guidance. With that, let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you so much. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about DeePhi, both from the perspective of what they bring you. I've actually met with the company a while back, but the fact that you own it, that you have it in-house, how is that going to be important? And then can you put that in the broader context of when you've talked about inorganic growth, is this the type of thing you're looking at, or would you sort of look for more revenue types of opportunity there that are more immediate? Thank you.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. Joe, DeePhi, as you probably know since you'd spoken to them, they've been using our platforms since the beginning, and achieving excellent results, (16:06) using their technology. They've grown quite a bit and they have expertise, of course, primarily in the DNN. But also, they got really good expertise in a variety of disciplines, the tools, the compilers, everything. So, it really does segue into the second part of your question, match very well, clearly, I think, with our strategy. Not only because we had applied, of course, all of this technology in the cloud, but as you probably noticed, they actually have a good presence at the edge applications, many different camera applications. And we've already done a fair amount of joint marketing together with them with some of our customers. They've also got, as you'd imagine, good connections and opportunities in China, but we've worked with them very significantly with multinational companies and various different industries, Data Centers, as well as things like automotive. So, it matches really well, and it's a good example. I know people have been asking questions around what our thoughts are on our M&A, and I think this is a good example of how we believe, which we said, right, in the Analyst Day, that anything we would do would have a really strong connection to our stated strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the strong results. Lorenzo, I'm wondering if you could just give us a little bit more detail in the increase in the fiscal year revenue guidance. It's about $100 million increase. I'm kind of curious, I apologize I've missed this, but the re-addition of ZTE, how much of that is in the $100 million? How do we think about, kind of, you working through your ASC 606 strategy? And how much of the increase is just the organic business being better? And to that third bucket, what would be the main drivers of just the organic business getting better? Thank you.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Right. So, I think I want to start with the strength in the broader organic business, because they would be overly simplified to say the increase in our annual guide is due to ZTE, because it's not. So, as Victor and I both said, we see strength across the Data Center opportunities, the Industrial area, Test Measurement and Emulation, and Communications in general, both wired and wireless, as we see new market opportunities come to us with the early emergence of some 5G deployments. So, there is broader strength than just ZTE. And it's quite significant. The $100 million increase has nothing really to do with the channel strategy. That – our expectations for that were embedded in our previous guide. Victor, do you want to add anything to that?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: I mean, everything that Lorenzo said is true. I mean, we – ZTE is a factor, but you shouldn't read into it. It's just ZTE coming in. As we said, if you even look at the quarter we just ended, wireless was stronger than we thought, and that was without ZTE. So, yes, this is pretty broad, which is part of the reason why I have such good confidence in wanting to raise the overall outlook.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Thank you very much. I just wanted to go back to the Data Center side, and specifically, I just wanted to make sure I understood that part correct. Victor, you mentioned that you're getting early indications of interest on the board side. So, could you just expand a little bit more on that, because from what I understand you're actually going to – at least to us, you will unveil the product at your Developer Forum. And also, what do these metrics mean when you talk about the number of developers that you are training on AWS? Thank you. Just provide a perspective for us, please. Thanks.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Sure. Look, as we shared in the Analyst Day, we are going to sell industry standard boards into the Data Center, because it's a very standards-driven form factor, and we see that as a win-win because, of course, we add more value to the customers on our solution. We also speed their ability to get their key IP and differentiation out on the market without having to deal with a lot of the basic system level issues that will build into the board. Our internal projections on when that might be, perhaps we will conservative, because it's new territory for us; and what we're just getting is, in the early engagements with customers, quite a strong amount of interest. And our sales team is pretty excited. So, we do expect that will probably come out a little bit stronger than our internal expectations which, to be honest, is relatively modest since we're just getting into it. So, that's one aspect of it. I think the other aspect of what does it mean about increasing developers and the investments we made in the applications ecosystem and then, for that matter, the DeePhi acquisition, I mean, we've said all along that while we're seeing good percentage growth in the core Data Center business, it's starting from a small base. So, this year, it's really all about, right, building on the foundation, driving the ecosystem, driving broader understanding, adoption, as well as the development we're working together with us as well as our FAAS partnerships to lower the barrier for use, improving the ease of use. Next year, we definitely think this is going to roll up into more material revenue, and continue the growth path that we do see. So, what you should take away with these other metrics is that we don't want to emphasize the revenue in this year because we are building up that foundation. Again, frankly, on a percentage basis, it's a good sized percentage, but it's starting from a small base. So, what we're trying to share with you – we got a lot of feedback we're trying to share with you – other metrics for progress that we're getting, right? So – and I certainly do think it's meaningful, right, because once these developers are trained on the platform, then over time, you'll see a whole lot more innovation going on on our platform.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I apologize ahead if this is a stupid question. I'm just trying to understand the Channel line you've inserted here. So, you talked about it increasing next quarter, and obviously it's with the change with ASC 606. But how do you think about it by segment? I guess I'm trying to understand this new reporting structure.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: No, I think that's a fair question, Blayne. I would answer part of your question directly, which is the reason we call it Channel is because the attribution to other end markets would be purely an estimate. And so we thought, for the purposes of transparency, we'd call it Channel. The other part of it, and on the broader and longer term perspective, we think our Channel partners are very important for us to drive growth across all of our end markets. And we know that their ability to support their customers is dependent upon their ability to service them. And so you would see the general trend of that grow with the overall business. It will be maybe a little bit up and down, but in general, it will trend with the business.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Helpful. And then, maybe just another quick one on DeePhi. Just curious of that fiscal year guide, if you can break out what contribution from that acquisition.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: From a revenue perspective, I mean, they don't have any material revenue. So, I don't think that has anything to do with it. It does position us very well for FY 2020 and beyond. We're getting excellent – even before when we're separate – again, as we said, we did some co-marketing with a number of customers, and the technology really, really gets attention. So, we absolutely do see this being – bolstering our business, but for the current quarter – I mean, excuse me – fiscal year, we don't – there's no material add.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot for taking the question. Victor, your Industrial, Aerospace & Defense business grew 30% year over year in the quarter. Could you perhaps highlight some of the key drivers there and talk a little bit about sustainability for the remainder of the fiscal year there? Thank you.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. I think the thing about that segment is it's very, very broad. Even if we looked at each sub-segment, like the Industrial piece, the A&D piece, it's very broad. So, I would say, one kind of common trend again, and I – we kind of rolled this up, is we're seeing such a good strength in Zynq-based products and people moving to platforms. Nobody's doing custom point solutions. They all want to build things that they could scale across their product line. There – some of these areas aren't extremely fast moving, but they really now, after going through the first-generation Zynq, we're seeing that ramp up and we're seeing a lot of design wins and a faster adoption on the second generation with the MPSoC. I think in the Aerospace & Defense area, it's also good to see they are beginning to adopt more advanced technology on a more rapid basis. And I know I've talked to a number of both – and officials in the services, as well as, of course, their supply chain, our direct customers, and it's pretty consistent of them wanting to have shorter development cycles, adopt much of the latest technologies. So, that's all good. I think MPSoC is clear again on the platform, but RFSoC also has – and we're in the early stages of that, but we really do see that being a very, very disruptive product, right? I think it will be at the same kind of level of change over time, right, as the original first Zynq. So, really advanced ADC, and WAF technology integrated into very bleeding edge digital has got incredible excitement in the customers, so.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. So, I would add on that the growth in this business is very strong, as Victor said, based on a broad set of applications in Industrial, as well as a broadening of applications in Aerospace & Defense. A little bit of cautionary aspect to it would be some of the A&D business can be lumpy. It can come in big chunks, and so any quarter to quarter comparisons, you have to probably normalize for a longer term trend. But in the long-term, it's going to be very, very good business for us.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. So, to more directly answer the last part of your question, it's definitely sustainable although, as Lorenzo points out, quarter to quarter you might see some dips. Like last quarter was extremely strong, this quarter will be slightly down. Overall the integrated view is it's up and sustained.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. I guess the question on Comms, you guided that business, I think, down 7% year on year for fiscal 2019, but I believe you said earlier that all segments would be up now. And so, I'm just curious, are you suggesting now that's roughly flattish-plus, so $60 million of the $100 million is coming from – so, I guess, as part of that, could you help us understand what contribution you expect from ZTE? And then you've mentioned a few times on the call, early 5G. Can you walk through kind of the early signs of the strength you're seeing there and how you're thinking about the flow through of growth in fiscal 2019 and into fiscal 2020? Thanks.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. We actually expect now that Communications will be up, not just getting back to being flat. As we said a little while ago, some of it is ZTE, but you shouldn't take away that it's all ZTE. And on the 5G, yes, we are seeing some early real deployments in 5G, maybe a little bit ahead of what we had expected. We still believe that the bulk of this will happen around the 2020 timeframe, but yes, it does seem like there are going to be some deployments earlier than that. And we have both MPSoC technology, as well as some of our pure FPGAs, as well as RFSoC technology going into those production deployments. So, that's a contributor. As we said also, Data Center, although it's small, it absolutely is growing, so that is contributing. So, it is broad market. It isn't just a single thing, certainly not singly just ZTE. So, we do see it turning from being a negative to a positive. And I guess what I'd say is that we don't share details about specific customer revenues. We had mentioned when the first thing – when this first broke out, the news around the denial order, that we don't have any 10% customers nor anybody who is really even close to that. Nevertheless, ZTE is an important customer, and now that we could resume shipment, that's contributing to that strength.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes, C.J., you've said correctly that we had guided it down, on the average 7%, at our Analyst Day. We now see it positive in the mid-single digits in Communications for both those end markets combined, and I won't repeat too much of what Victor said in terms of breadth, but it is significantly more than just our expectations for ZTE.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Guerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. Still very high gross margin levels embedded in the guidance for the rest of the year, but still a little bit lower than the 70% to 71% that you had for the three quarters of fiscal 2018, and presumably, if you see strength in Communication and also a pickup in Data Center, those presumably would be higher margin products. So, could you give us maybe a little bit of details on the gross margin profile? Are you pursuing lower margin opportunities? Or if not, what are the type of end markets that basically bring us back to the gross margin level that you used to have a couple of years ago?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So – hey, Tristan. The observation that the guide is a little bit below where we ended up the second half of the year is correct, but I do think you have to put in perspective that the gross margin levels we attained as a company are really quite good, a result of the value we provide our customers, and how aggressively we're managing the cost side of it. So, we worked real hard. We think the 68.5% to 70.5%, I guess 71%, that we got at Analyst Day is quite strong performance in aggregate. It will move up and down, dependent on mix. But one of the premises you said, that particular Communications business is higher than average, you have to keep in mind we have a portfolio of customers and a portfolio of end markets, and the margin dynamics are very different with each of them. I wouldn't say we're passing up revenue growth opportunities with any sort of margin screen. We aggressively pursue all the business that we think we can get, so.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: So, on that last note, let me just comment here that wireless specifically is generally very competitive. And so I don't think if you look at Communications as a whole, including wireless communications, I think the statement that wireless communications tends to be very margin rich is not the appropriate characterization, frankly. And on the Data Center side, it really depends. You have to remember that when we talk about Data Center, we have opportunities in compute, storage and networking. And depends on what the use case is, there are some good, healthy value that we can hold. In other cases, you have to compete for the business. So, yeah, I'd say that you have to be a little careful about historic, perhaps, margins versus where things are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura.
Kellan Grenier - Nomura Instinet: Yeah. Hey, everyone. This is Kellan Grenier for Romit. Thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering, your CapEx number for the full year that you gave in May was $45 million to $50 million. It looks like we're about halfway there exiting this quarter. Is there any change to the full year spending plan and kind of the distribution over the next three periods?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: We might be a little up from that plan, but on the order of $10 million to $15 million, but nothing material. And it could be a little lumpy based on some of the – it's basically some building refresh projects we have going on. So, there's nothing significant.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. This is Billy, on behalf of Chris Danely. Can you talk about a little more detail about why the Data Center was down this quarter? How much of that was crypto versus the rest of it?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah, I'll talk about that. It was largely impacted by crypto. If you take out crypto, we actually grew. We grew high-single digits quarter to quarter and, I think, 40% year over year. So, very strong, again, but based on a small number. So, that was mainly crypto that took that segment down.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Matt Poirier - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us today. We will have a playback of this call beginning at 5 P.M. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter fiscal year 2019 will be Wednesday, October 24, after the market close. We will also be attending the following conferences this quarter: The KeyBank Tech Forum in Vail on August 13, Jefferies Infrastructure Summit in Chicago on August 28, and the Citi Global Tech Conference in New York City on September 6. This completes our call. Thank you all for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc. Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc. Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.
Analysts: Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. John Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kellan Grenier - Nomura Instinet Philip Lee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jessie and I'll be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to Xilinx's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In Lorenzo's prepared remarks, he will make several non-GAAP financial references. A complete reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found on our Investor Relations website immediately following this call. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx's Investor Relations website. Let me now to the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx delivered record revenue of $2.539 billion in fiscal year 2018, up 8% from FY 2017, and at the high-end of our guidance we provided at Analyst Day. This revenue growth was driven by our Advanced Products, which grew 28% over the previous year and broad-based growth across our end markets. All end markets outside of communications grew in fiscal 2018. Gross margins remained very strong throughout the year, averaging over 70%. Operating margin for the year came in at 29.3%, excluding the unusual cost associated with our executive transition in Q4, our operating margin exceeded 30% for the year. For the fiscal year, Xilinx generated $1.99 of GAAP earnings per share. As we noted last quarter, the impact of tax reform on our earnings was significant. We also had the expenses related to our executive transition. Without those items, our EPS would have been approximately $2.72 a share, a growth of 17% over FY 2017. Now for the March quarter. Sales increased to a record of $673 million as we exceeded the top end of our guidance range. We were up 7% sequentially and 10% year-over-year. Our revenue was driven by broad-based growth in our Advanced Products, which were also up 7% sequentially and up 28% year-over-year. All of our primary end markets grew with particular strength in Industrial, Aerospace and Defense. Gross margin for the quarter was 70.7%, in line with our guidance. Operating expense was $286 million. Core operating expense, including approximately $33 million of one-time charges related to our CEO transition was $253 million. Operating income for the quarter was $190 million or 28.2%. Excluding the executive transition costs operating margin was 33%. Tax rate was 10.9% for the quarter, higher than we guided due to additional expenses related to tax reform legislation. Our net income for Q4 was $166 million or $0.64 per share. Now I'd like to highlight a few key points on the balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the fiscal year with $3.4 billion in gross cash and $1.7 billion net cash after our debt. During fiscal year 2018, we generated $795 million in operating cash flow, and we returned $827 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Our board recently authorized an increase to our dividend for the 13th consecutive year. In the fourth quarter, operating cash flow was $218 million, and we returned $253 million to shareholders in the form of $89 million in dividends and $163 million of share repurchases. We bought back approximately 2.3 million shares for an average price of approximately $71 a share. Since inception, we have utilized $793 million of our $1 billion share repurchase program. We have repurchased 12.9 million shares at an average price of approximately $61.50 a share. We ended the year with 258 million shares, down from 267 million at the end of last fiscal year. We now have at $207 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization and are continuing to execute on our program. Now for guidance. In the June quarter, we are expecting sales to be between $660 million and $690 million. We expect turns of approximately 40% to achieve the midpoint of this guidance. With regards to primary end markets, we expect communications and data center as a group to be down reflecting the impact of the denial order on ZTE, although the data center element will be up modestly. Industrial and A&D will be down, will also be slightly down after several consecutive record quarters. Broadcast, consumer, automotive is expected to be modestly up. Our guidance reflects an estimate of the effect of the mandated adoption of ASC 606, which moves us from a sell-through to a sell-in model. In the next few weeks, we will be publishing on our Investor Relations website a more complete discussion of the estimated impact of ASC 606 on our financials. Our gross margin is expected to be approximately 69% to 71%. We expect operating expense to be approximately $260 million. Our tax rate is expected to be between 10% and 14%. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Lorenzo. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report that our focus on accelerating top line growth has delivered record revenues of $2.5 billion in fiscal year 2018, an increase of 8% over fiscal year 2017. Growth was broad-based and driven by the strength in the majority of our end markets. I'm extremely excited about the future of our business as we execute on our mission of building the adaptable, intelligent world. Recently, I described our strategy are to consist of three elements, data center first, accelerating revenue growth in our core markets and driving adaptive computing. I also announced a new product category, Adaptive Compute Acceleration Platform or ACAP and our Everest project, which will deliver the industry's first 7-nanometer ACAP product family. We are on track for tape-out of our first ACAP product later this year. We've established significant momentum in the data center end market over the past fiscal year both developing the foundation for and building out a vibrant ecosystem. For example, we now have trained more than 400 developers with approximately 300 in the March quarter alone, on how to develop for our AWS's Xilinx based F-1 instances. We've continued to invest in our SDAccel development environment and middleware library, making it easier for software developers to program our FPGAs using industry-standard APIs and frameworks. As an example, we recently released a machine learning speed on the AWS F-1 environment to support for TensorFlow. We expect the data center to be our fastest-growing end market in the near term with significant revenue levels over the longer term. Xilinx has been evolving for an FPGA focused company to Zynq-based platforms and soon, ACAP platforms. Our transformation has been underway for the last several years through the integration of powerful SoCs and through our programmable chips, developing 3D ICs, developing software development suites and creating partner ecosystems. Our Zynq SoC products are ideal for platform architectures and are a critical element of our multimarket expansion. Our 28-nanometer Zynq and 16-nanometer MPSoC product have achieved a new sales record, growing more than 60% year-on-year. Our RFSoC family, which has a breakthrough architecture with integrated RF-class analog technology, will be in full production by the middle of this year. The RFSoC has exceptional design-in momentum with product shipped to about 30 customers to date across multiple end markets and applications. We will build on our momentum at the data center and accelerate our growth in our core markets with our new strategy for sustained, robust long-term growth and delivering shareholder value. I look forward to sharing more details about our strategy and plans for FY 2019 and beyond at our Analyst Day in May. Let me now turn it back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from Bank of Montréal. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much, Lorenzo and you can almost predict which question I am going to ask you. Accounts receivable, I know in the past they've gone up, but this time looking at two quarters in a row on a year-over-year basis now, does it have to do with the new rev rec?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: No, not really, because we haven't implemented the standard yet. We will in FY 2019. What's happening with accounts receivable, again, it's similar to what I have said before when they're high. It's the shipment patterns during the quarter. And again, in this quarter, again we had some back-end loaded shipments. So it is actually, to be perfectly candid, I'd like to drive the days down and get that gross number down and bring the cash back into the company so we'll be working on it. But there's no collectability concerns again, and it's just it's a timing thing. We just need to keep working at it.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. In the past, you have reversed it. Then my follow-up is for Victor. On ACAP, this seems to be pretty revolutionary at least the way I'm looking at it. But in terms of revenue opportunity, how much does it, what new TAM does it open up versus cannibalization of existing offerings because we're always worried about that for FPGA companies is how much of the existing business are you cannibalizing? So, if you could please explain kind of how to think about the new opportunity that'd be great? Thank you.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah I actually think that there'll be significant SAM extension. As I shared when I unveiled ACAP as well as the overall strategy is that one of the goals that we have as a company is to start enabling software developers to use our very powerful platform and the ACAP will definitely give a huge boost to that. We're not waiting for that. I mean we're doing that even today with our 16-nanometer in fact even some of our early products. I mean, one way to think about it is, if you think about our Zynq, first generation of Zynq, and then the MPSoC which is the second-generation, that's already getting both TAM expansion as well as some refresh of existing sockets its but definitely already gotten SAM extension. ACAP is kind of a quantum leap beyond the Zynq platforms but you could look at it and say those are the closest (13:18) in terms of generation goes, okay? So I expect significant SAM extension. And in terms of revenue we're taping out this year and most of the revenue will be out a year beyond that. And, as you know, a lot of our markets take some time to ramp but then product life is quite long.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. You guys talked about embedding the risk related to ZTE in your guide to the extent you're comfortable talking numbers here, how big is that impact? And, I think there was a report about the DOJ investigating Huawei as well. So again how should we handicap that part of your business as well going forward?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So I think I want to just start with saying we don't have any 10% customers which we would be obligated to disclose obviously nor do we really have anyone that's close. But with respect to ZTE, and I think I'll answer in advance some of the questions that may come up, we are certainly aware of the denial order and we are certainly in compliance with the denial order. And as we went through the quarter and into our guide you should look at the broader strength of the business and the relative proportion of communications with respect to our business to get a sense for how we can get to another strong quarter despite these headwinds with ZTE. So with Huawei specifically we're aware obviously of the press report on it, and we're just monitoring the situation.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. So for ZTE is it fair to assume that you guys are assuming pretty much $0 revenue going forward?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: For this quarter?
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: But we did have two weeks of business before the denial order.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay got it. And then as a quick follow-up, Victor, on your ACAP business I think in the press release you talked about spending about $1 billion in R&D over the past four years on this platform, which obviously, isn't necessarily a small number for you guys. As we think about R&D over the next couple of years, should we expect similar growth in your R&D profile, or do you think perhaps, the growth rate in R&D could come off a little bit now that you're over the hump?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, let me just say. I believe this is the first time we ever kind of shared the level of investment for a particular program. So I'm going to give a little context there. Overall, it's not entirely, I mean, it's not at all unusual that we have to invest a fairly long period of time and prior to tape-out, there's a lot of investment that goes into it even before your very first tape-out. So in that qualitative respect, Everest is no different but on an absolute basis because of the, how powerful that platform is, it's a new product category, there is, on a relative basis, more investment and it is 7-nanometers. So of course, 7-nanometers of advanced technologies is also complex and requires additional investment, but I do want to be clear that it's not like fundamentally different. We have fairly long development cycles, and we have extremely long and robust revenue cycles to go with that. In terms of overall OpEx guide. I think we're going to be discussing at (17:15) where we're going to be at Analyst Day. So I don't think it's appropriate for me to share that at this point. But I would say, I've been pretty consistent in saying, we're always trying to balance the right thing between investing for sustained long-term growth and to an earlier question things like SAM extension but also giving good return to the shareholder. So we always try to do a thoughtful balance of the two.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: You're next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask you in the consumer bucket if you've seen a tailwind from cryptocurrencies, just kind of curious, most of the currencies have fallen off a bit, I was just kind of curious to your outlook of that into June? And maybe if you can just address at a high level your positioning on any future generations, there's been a lot of talk about new boxes, just curious your positioning there, as maybe an offset if some of the currencies pull back?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Sure. I mean, as you know, the last quarter is the first time we ever talked about crypto because it was becoming somewhat material, and we did feel that while it's very volatile, we see that we are supporting those customers, we're trying to, of course, building products and trying to make them successful. But if you recall, we did say that we were talking about low $10 million kind of exposure as opposed to what you guys hear from like the GP world, for instance. I would say nothing's really changed from that. And again, and we all know that it's volatile, so that's also not changed. The number, the volatility's baked into the current guide. And again, we'll discuss that a bit more maybe in the Analyst Day.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's very helpful. And then I just wanted to ask about the strength in Industrial, A&D, maybe just some comments on the sub segments there as well as slightly down into June. What are you seeing that maybe it's moderating the June?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So a couple of things moderating the June. So we've had a string of record quarters in test measurement and emulation specifically, which was one of the drivers of the strength for the year. And we've also had a couple of very good quarters in a row of industrial, the aerospace and defense part of Industrial, Aerospace and Defense. So those things are a little off, but there's some volatility always in that. And there's been offsetting strength in industrial scientific and medical piece of that, of the business. So all in all, I think the general trend is up. If you go back through the quarters, some will be stronger than others on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but that collection of end markets that we call industrial and aerospace and defense has been quite strong for us through the year.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. First question, as you think about hitting 10% year-over-year growth in the March quarter, and you're midpoint of the guide, almost at that level. Curious if that's a sign of a new normal for you guys as you broaden up the breadth of your portfolio, and you bring in new offerings into the data center? Would love to hear your thoughts on how we should think about the trajectory here?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah, it's Victor. So as I said, when we unveiled the strategy, we are pushing growth more vigorously. I took over being CEO last April, so really have had sales under me for the full year and while we didn't come out with a strategy statement, I certainly as owning sales and marketing, drove that and then just earlier in the year, we came out very explicitly and said that. So again, you'll hear more at the May Analyst, but absolutely, we have been pushing more aggressively on growth and that's a combination of just doing really well in our core business as well as seeking areas of new growth. The data center continues to be building well, but it's not very material revenue right now and because it's an emerging area it have kind of some friskiness, but we're very happy with them there, but certainly as Lorenzo already covered, a lot of our core businesses, A&D from a year was a record, TME is a record, ISM, industrial was strong. So we have broad strength, and we're going to continue to drive that as hard as we can.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: And if I could just ask a quick follow-up. Lorenzo, you've got I think $1.7 billion in net cash. You're on track to $900 million-plus free cash flow per year. I think you've been buying back around $500 million per year. Would you consider being more aggressive, considering the trend line that we're seeing here from a free cash flow perspective?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So I think the overall capital allocation strategy is yet another thing we'll address in greater depth at our Analyst Day. But I will tell you that the principles have not changed, which is first and foremost, we want to invest in growing our business. Now historically, we have been mostly doing that with organic means, and we've been more, I guess, open recently to considering inorganic opportunity as well, but we still continue to pay a dividend. We did grow our dividend again this year, and then a portion of our capital allocation will always be allocated to share repurchase. But beyond that, more specifics, you'll hear later. I don't know if, Victor, if you want to flesh out any other thoughts on that?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: No. I think (23:35) I'll also share that we got a new strategy. We're driving for growth. The inorganic means is a tool. And I think if we see opportunities that align strategically, also meets the right of course objectives we have for revenue and profitability, we'd exercise that tool. So I think that's what Lorenzo was saying, if we start seeing that, there might be some obvious modulation to take that into account, but otherwise after that, we'll continue the same basic philosophy I suppose. That help?
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, good afternoon. Looking at your core product, it was up 6% sequentially. Typically, that's a line item that tends to decline, so would you characterize the strength in the March quarter as a one-time, and what drove their increase?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: No, I think overall, it was up from the prior quarter but it's a similar run rate as the earlier quarters of this year. It is the, obviously, the older products and over time, we would decline. But I think it's part of our business that we have not lost focused on. We have not lost focus on, and we continue to drive, along with the Advanced Products portfolio. So in general, it should decline, but it is not any different from where it is at the beginning of the year.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then you had mentioned in prior quarters having a significant lead in 5G and earning pretty much all the proof-of-concept. As we get closer to mass deployments, any quantification of the opportunity, perhaps from a content perspective, versus 4G or timing, and whether 5G you think gives you confidence that it can offset some of the 4G declines that we are going to expect next year?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: I guess what I'd say is the overall message that we've been in all these proof-of-concept and early deployment, that's certainly true. And we've also said, in terms of more meaningful production ramp, that's more in the 2020 timeframe. We believe that continues to be true. I do think in terms of content, it quite varies a lot because 5G is not just traditional macro base stations, right? It's small cell, there's IoT, there's also a multi-band. So I think diversity and the types of systems that are falling under quote-unquote the 5G umbrella is way broader than any other previous generation. So it's really kind of a hard thing to say. You'd actually have to narrate it more down to say what our content level is. Again, I don't want to the sound like a broken record, but we could add more color in the investor conference. And then certainly, of course from a wireless perspective, now with the ZTE denial, there's also just we'll have to see how that unfolds and again, we're not going to have any further comments now but hopefully, there'll be more information by the time the investor conference occurs.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Vinh with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Hey, thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up question on the comms business. Obviously, you've seen year-over-year declines the last three quarters. There's apparently a lot of headwinds with the ZTE ban and kind of declines in kind of carrier CapEx this year in China. Is there an opportunity, do you see, for the comms business to stabilize this year, or should we take a more conservative view and assume that we're going to see slight declines until we get to 5G in 2020?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah again with the newness and the lack of solid information at this point of the ZTE situation, it's really hard for us to comment now. We again, we've fully contemplate that fully complying with denial in this whole quarter. We certainly hope by the time we have the investor conference we have better visibility on that. But, some of the other trends minus that recent development continues to be true, right, everybody knows CapEx is actually trending down until 5G really takes off. In one sense, even though there's a lot of people saying that the initial deployments are earlier but the volume when the verbiage was sustainable, back again I don't see any change from around the 2020 timeframe. But counter balances, things like the RFSoC which is really as disruptive, there's no product like that, we're very confident about the traction that that product's going to have, not only 5G but other markets. So, there's some really good things but I do think that especially in particularly in light of the near term thing it's hard for us to comment on modeling this.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Right, yeah.
John Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. And then my follow-up question for you Victor is on ACAP. I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more commentary on what you think ACAP is and is not. My understanding is that ACAP is going to have kind of B-share cores and what MPSoC is, is this something that you primarily envision for kind of a more embedded in edge applications or do you think ACAP is something that can be applied within the data center and can be used without need for discrete GPUs?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah, that's a great question. I mean I see ACAP being broad that it will be at the edge, in the cloud, I mean pretty much end to end. Obviously it's a scalable architecture. So like some of our architectures' today that can scale from pretty very cost and power focused applications to sort of pretty much performance is number one criteria or objective. So I think it has that breadth. In terms of what it is, I mean it is already a heterogeneous multi-core architecture, right? And there are elements that we will share through the course of the year, a little more technical detail that will help people better understand why it is such a quantum step forward. I think that it certainly will be able to displace other embedded processes in some cases but if I look at the broader scope of things, CPUs will be around. I think GPUs will have its place. I think ACAPs will be ACAP based systems will also be a more mainstream targeted platform and it's going to be in the long run, also a very significant platform so not just in the cloud but in the edge, of course and it's multimarket. So you shouldn't think of it just in terms of the cloud. So you'll hear more and that's why I say we've already seen SAM extension and movement for people developing towards the Zynq and FPSoC and ACAP it's just going to take that a big step forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple of sort of follow-ups on end markets, can you remind us what the goal was in the server acceleration market? I think you had a revenue goal by 2020? And if you could maybe remind us or refresh that? And similarly on automotive, I know that there's been good adoption of your products in certain ADAS applications, if you could update us on that end market that'd be great. Thank you.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes, I think in the past, you sort of said it, data center could be in the range of $200 million to $300 million, call the midpoint $250 million by 2021. We did say that we will update that estimate at the investor conference, but you can qualitative, it will be significantly more than that. We really see that opportunity as being much broader, much larger, and we're going to go and go after that opportunity more aggressively, obviously, with the first element of the strategy being data center first. So you'll hear more about that in May. On the automotive side, again, automotive continues to grow and of our automotive business, roughly 70%, 75% of it's ADAS and the majority of that is Zynq-based. And if I look at the ADAS segment that continues to grow more than the general automotive segment, and it's been going strong and it's largely been, 28 nanometers, the first-generation Zynq. So we've had for the past year, significant wins in design and activity with the MPSoC, the second generating Zynq, but those things have not really gone to production, right. So again, as you know, automotive is still a pretty long development cycle, and then ramped production. So I'd say, we expect the ADAS to continue to grow but the next kind of big driver is when the MPSoC, the 16-nanometer stuff kicks into production. We are seeing some of that, that's still advance ADAS, we are seeing some of that going to autonomous driving, but we think ACAP, right, which, again, it covers multi-markets, including automotive. ACAP, that will be the platform that goes more into autonomous vehicles. Okay. So that's, to help you with the kind of the road map succession.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes, helpful. Thank you.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. I wonder if I could follow up on the inorganic growth comment and maybe if you could just kind of tell us the scope of things you might think about there. I mean, you've talked about being more than an FPGA company but so far, all of this has been sort of things like Zynq and RFSoC, that are attached to an FPGA fabric, is that still the thinking that this is going to be very FPGA-centric, or would you – how adjacent are the opportunities that you might be looking at?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes, Joe, I mean, I guess, what I'd say is, obviously, I can't talk about any specifics, I'd say, it would be to look to see how we can accelerate our strategy, which data center is a bigger element, right, and just again, our opportunity in the data center is quite broad, right, like, a lot of people think of data center is just on the compute side, right, but we really play in compute acceleration, we play in storage as well as networking, and there's really as you well know, there's a lot of disruptions at all three of those areas. So one way you can think about it, just within that element of our strategy, we could actually look at potential opportunities at any of those sub-segments. Now the second element of strategy is to so accelerate the growth in our core business, so that also – so I'm not taking in any way taking off the table what may not be on the chess board, things related to some of our core business, okay, but it is going to be driven about what's going to really drive our growth and some of the directional things you want to do. If I look at the third element just talking about in general driving adaptive computing, that's more of a feature kind of a strategy. So it could also be in that sense, you could say, it could also be technologies and things that help drive that. So, yes, again, as you can imagine, of course, I can't give any specifics, but I think we'll be looking quite broadly anything from, which we've done before, talking from technology all the way to actually significant businesses.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And then I wanted to ask about the strength in Zynq. You talked about 60% growth. I mean, it looks like that's, sorry, you crossed over 10% of revenues at one point in the year, it seems like then drove a health portion of your growth for the year. What's the right way to think about that, is that sort of your growth, there's a higher attach rate of Zynq, and so it's growing that much, or is it actually kind of driving new TAM opportunities and new revenue opportunities?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes. So there's a very important aspect of Zynq that you have to keep in mind, and Victor alluded to it earlier when he was discussing automotive. The first Zynq platforms, our 28-nanometer platforms, we launched, it was a SAM expansion play for us. It opened markets for us that we weren't as well suited for in the past and with a programmable platform we were able to address new markets, and ADAS is a great example of it. Then with the second-generation 16-nanometer MPSoC, we're expanding that and reaching into even more markets. So it is a fundamentally market expansion play for us. It took a little bit longer as we've acknowledged in the past for it to ramp than we expected, but it is now, I think, a core part of our product strategy going forward. And because of the nature of Zynq as a platform, we think it's durable and sticky going forward. So we'll continue to expand our markets and it helps us grow with customers as well. Victor, you want to add anything?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes, no. I mean, again, I think the key thing that we're seeing, as I mentioned, this thing of platforms, we're seeing that cut across all segments, frankly. No one's doing, deploying single customized solutions, everybody's moving to platforms. And again, I think its part of the overall thrust of things wanting to be intelligent as well as connected, and so based on that even companies that traditionally have done point solutions aren't doing that. So I think Zynq is just an ideal turning point system core product for those kind of platform architectures.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah good afternoon guys. Congratulations on the strong results. Lorenzo, I apologize if I missed the detail. It sounds like you guys are going to provide some further information, but just relative to the accounting change that starts in the June quarter, is there any way to quantify the magnitude? Is it a one quarter issue that then subsides into September? How does it I guess change the trajectory of revenue throughout the year? And how big of an impact is it to the June quarter guide?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So I'll answer the question first with kind of a more qualitative explanation of what's going on, not just for you, but for other people who might be interested. So, and then I'll talk about how we expect it to impact our business long-term. So, this is a change which moves us fundamentally, as I said, in my remarks from a sell-through model to a sell-in model, and the management of inventory in the channel become particularly important, and we have started to work with our channel partners to implement programs to manage that. And we're managing that inventory with these new processes pretty rigorously. So as we moved into this fiscal year we managed down the inventory in the channel and it probably will be some degree of restocking through the year. Over time that aspect of our business should trend with our overall business. In other words, the channel is a key part of our structure. So it should be something you look at and it trends with the business. Disti inventory levels should level, should stay at, get to a steady state in the future and then stabilize on kind of on a days basis like other inventory. But there will be movements up and down over time. So I'm not quantifying it specifically for this quarter because we're just, we're going to manage through it with our channel partners to get to the right level for their customers. But we are certainly going to be transparent about it when we disclose our results. The quantitative aspect of it will be something that we will be able to show you in more detail with the release that I mentioned also in my comments. So I'll give you some context for the history of its impact on us and obviously, the basis for comparing FY 2019 to history, so.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: But Lorenzo, just so I understand, so the June quarter to the extent that you have product in the channel today that was on sell-through and is going to sell-in, will you get a revenue benefit in the June quarter?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Will you repeat your question? I heard it but I'm not sure I understood it.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Will there be a positive revenue benefit? Other companies who have gone through this transition have seen a one-time increase in revenue as they've taken stuff that's already in that channel waiting for sell-through recognition and turned it into sell-in recognition. Will you see a similar impact in your June quarter guide or not?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So I don't know that the dynamics are exactly the same as those you're referencing, but I'd say the higher-level point, we expect it to be positive this quarter because of the way we've managed the inventory through this transition.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Perfect. That's helpful, and then Victor as a follow-on you did a good job talking about the acceleration opportunity. I'm just kind of curious, when you specifically look at the investment in the software stack in that market, what inning would you say you're in relative to that development? I guess more importantly, to what extent does that work help you exploit other markets across your end markets? And where do you think it would be particularly helpful going forward?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah, I would say we made tremendous progress last fiscal year and we have plans I think even continue to build on that and make tremendous progress this fiscal year. I think I've shared and just candidly that we have had great progress and we are not saying we're done. I mean, this is going to be a multi-year thing. Having said that, we are seeing the fruits of that. I mentioned some of the developer training and other things that we're seeing. And then in terms of, is this only something that would help us in sort of the data center area or do we see it elsewhere. We absolutely see it elsewhere, absolutely. Because even our traditional customers in most cases have, virtually almost all of the sizable customers, have more software developers, more systems people than they have hardware people of any sort, ASIC, FPGA of any sort. And even though if you have plenty of FPGA expertise, us enabling, providing development suites and other things, libraries and so forth, third parties that can also bring in other domain expertise to help them develop at a much higher level of design abstraction and bring new products and new capabilities to market very rapidly, is, resonates with them. And so we definitely have customers in comms that are interested in some of the things we're doing in cloud and in auto. I mean, I think it's no secret, right, there's a lot of big players, people that have some significant programs that kind of cross pollinate. So, but I think moving all the way out there, I mean, that takes a bit longer because of the fact it's just in the nature of some of those markets are a little bit stronger. But we definitely see that interest already, no question about it.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. Thanks guys and congratulations.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. I just wanted to follow-up on the data center comments. Victor you said that the update's likely to reflect a much bigger TAM opportunity than $250 million by, I guess, calendar 2021 that you'd discussed before. Can you give us a sense as to the linearity? Is it something that you expect growth will be slower and then suddenly balloon around that timeframe? Or is this more of a linear process? Thank you.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: I don't think it's linear. But of course, it's always at your peril, sort of guess and describe the tech shape of an inflection point. But I think I've been saying for a while that, look, we're laying foundation, we're building ecosystem, we're building that software development environment that improves the ease of use, lowers the barrier to developers, so on and so forth. ACAP is going to take it to a next level, but I think we've been pretty consistent that it's a midrange long-term thing. That said, it's not just going to be this linear thing. I do feel that at some point, we get enough applications, enough developers, we've made it easier. We've educated people. We have the mindshare that people won't – our thinking was always, oh yeah, that's the FPGA leader, right? We're the inventor of the ACAP, and the ACAP is a hardware and software programmable platform that is going to have legs from end-to-end, right, from the edge to the cloud. And I think that over time, that will give us very robust growth. But and again, you'll hear more of what we think in the investor conference but calling the exact shape, of course, I think that's probably not realistic.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Kellan Grenier - Nomura Instinet: Hi. This is Kellan Grenier for Romit. Thanks for taking our question. I was just wondering another follow-up on ACAP we were just looking for an update on how you're thinking about the number of tape-outs at the 7-nanometer node. So we assume that spending implied somewhere in the range of 15 to 20 tape-outs at 16-nanometer. And I know you mentioned last year's Analyst Day, that given the heightened spending commitment you could have smaller number of tape-outs for 7-nanometer, while achieving the same kind of broad offering, so just wondering if there's any update there?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes. I don't think we ever gave the exact number, and I wouldn't do that again. I would also say that obviously, you have – you guys just want to know tape-out over what period of time, too, and we're not going to give that level of precision. I would say that I believe the ACAP is such a powerful architecture. I see 7-nanometers a long lived node, if you will. We're developing the architecture to be modular, excuse me, and quite scalable. In some respects, you could say over the fullness of time, there may be more tape-outs, but tape-outs per unit time, obviously, we'd try to make sure that, that's the right balance. And also because, I think we've done so much innovation in architecture that also means that it's not like we have to feel like we need to get to the 5-nanometer node as rapidly. Because of course, 5-nanometers is going to be – we've been investigating and working on that, and working with TSMC, but it's not cheap technology, right? So I don't think it's as simple as the tape-outs going down. I mean – but again, I think really as that gets reflected in OpEx when we talk about how you should think about the FY 2019, you kind of get a sense of that.
Kellan Grenier - Nomura Instinet: That's helpful.
Operator: Your next – your last question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Philip Lee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. This is Philip Lee on behalf of Chris Danely. Thanks for letting me ask a question. You guys mentioned you're seeing some impact from 5G in 2020 in terms of production ramp. Are you seeing any benefit from any pre-5G activity right now or next calendar year?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: I mean, we're definitely seeing benefit, because we're having great engagements with the customers and everybody's looking at – 5G is quite disruptive. People are rethinking architectures, how they architect. Again, these systems which are far, far, far more than just simple macro base station. I also mentioned the RFSoC being a disrupted device. People are re-architecting how they're doing the radio. It supports more than just 5G, it's in massive MIMO, in general, which doesn't have to be 5G, right, as well as in the other applications. So yeah, I think the customer – the customer engagement level is great. We are learning and our customers are learning of our new capability. And I do think over the longer stretch of time, that's a great opportunity. But again, in terms of revenue ramp, we continue to see that's more of a 2020 timeframe. But, yeah, we've definitely seen good deployment of the early proof of concepts in the product.
Philip Lee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Victor. And as a follow-up, you talked about your 7-nanometer progress there. Can you tell – can you remind us where you line up against the competition? How far of a lead do you think you have ahead of them?
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, I haven't really heard that much about the details of exactly what they're doing And I would also say the following is that, I mean, I'm sure you – well, you may be referencing our traditional competition, now part of Intel. And certainly, we keep an eye on that and everything. But, really because of the breadth of what we're doing now, we compete against sort of non-traditional alternatives as well, right. Be that earlier you're in CPUs, GPUs in some areas, ASICs, I think the ACAP architecture is really a phenomenal leap and I feel very good about what will happen in our competitive position. We've had the 3P, you don't really hear us talking about it, because as far as I'm concerned, that's almost like table steaks now. And obviously, the R&D team is not going to want to easily feed that, but it's not just about getting to a next node and doing the next evolutionary thing. Now we're looking at a, quite a step forward. So I feel really good about our competitive position, but I think it's much broader than maybe the traditional competition, which we've heard very little of and I haven't heard anything like the kind of architectural innovation we are doing with it, so.
Philip Lee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay, I just want to clarify in the statement I made. When I was reading my remarks, I talked about our fourth quarter operating expenses. I said we had $286 million of GAAP operating expenses, and then I misspoke when I brought in the concept of our executive transition costs. I should have said $286 million less $33 million of executive transition cost landing at $253 million, which is how we base the 33% operating margin non-GAAP number for the quarter. Just want to get that on the record.
Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific Time, 8:00 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 will be Wednesday, July 25, after the market close. We'll be hosting an Analyst Meeting in New York City on May 22. We look forward to seeing you there. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - IR Moshe Gavrielov - CEO Lorenzo Flores - CFO Victor Peng - COO
Analysts: Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Blayne Curtis - Barclays C.J. Muse - Evercore John Pitzer - Credit Suisse David Wong - Wells Fargo John Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird William Stein - SunTrust Chris Caso - Raymond James Chris Danely - Citigroup Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna International Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Victoria and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO and Victor Peng, COO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the December quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the Company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Rick. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining what is my 41st and final Xilinx earnings call. Been a great privilege to have lead Xilinx over the past 10 years. Needless to say I'm extremely proud what the Xilinx team has accomplished. On the business side, we're questionably on the very consistent growth trajectory having just delivered our ninth straight revenue growth quarter while attaining a 30% operating margin target. In addition, we're quite confident that we'll make it 10 in a row potentially exceed our revenue target of $2.5 billion of this fiscal year. On the operations and technology front we've delivered three consecutive generations of technology leadership by developing both world class silicon and highly optimized software capability. This has facilitated the strategic transition from our FPGA roots of the premier All Programmable Company thereby enabling Xilinx to participate in a much broader and deeper way in our customers multi-market solution and expand beyond our traditional market. I'm delighted to have this opportunity to hand over the CEO of reigns at Xilinx to my long-term colleague Victor Peng, a huge contributor to our success over the past 10 years. I'm very confident in the future success Xilinx under this stewardship. This time I'll turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you Moshe and it's been a pleasure to work with you for almost 10 years I've been here particularly to serve with you as the CFO over the past almost two years.
Moshe Gavrielov: That is great.
Lorenzo Flores: It's not but I'm adlibbing. I'll go back to the script now. But we do wish you well. Sales in the December quarter increased for the ninth consecutive quarter to a record of $631 million, up 2% sequentially and up 8% on a year-over-year basis. Sales for the ninth months of fiscal year-to-date were up 7% versus the same period of the prior year. Revenue growth in the quarter was driven by our advanced products which grew 10% sequentially and 30% year-over-year to a new record. Gross margin was 71.1% higher than our guidance as product mix was more favorable than expected. Operating expense was $259 million in line with our forecast, we continue to execute to the plan we outlined at our analyst day last May. Operating income for the quarter increased 2.4% sequentially to $189.7 million. Our operating margin hit 30.1% one quarter ahead of schedule. As a result of the enactment of Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017, we incurred a tax expense of $183.2 million or a rate of 94% in the December quarter. This one-time tax impact was related to the transition tax on accumulative foreign earnings and the remeasurement of certain tax assets and liabilities somewhat offset by the reduction in the US Statutory rate. Our net income for Q3 was $11.9 million or $0.05 per share. For comparison purposes if our tax rate had been in the middle of our forecasted range, our EPS would have been $0.67 per share. Now onto the balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $3.6 billion in gross cash and $1.9 billion net cash after our debt. Operating cash flow was $185 million. We returned $162 million to shareholders during the quarter in the form $89 million in dividends and the repurchase of approximately 1 million shares or $73 million, an average price of $71.34 per share. During the first nine months of the fiscal year we have returned nearly 100% of our operating cash flow back to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. As we have said in the past, we continue to invest in our business to capitalize on our leadership position and will continue to return capital to our shareholders. We are still executing on our share repurchase program and have $372 million remaining on that authorization. We expect ending share count in the March quarter to be in the range of $255 million to $260 million diluted shares. For guidance, in the March quarter we're expecting sales to be between $635 million and $665 million. Our backlog is up strongly as we begin the quarter and we continue to expect growth in our advanced products. With regards to end markets we expect communications and data center to be up. Industrial and A&D will be approximately flat. Broadcast, consumer and automotive is also expected to grow. While auto and broadcast are growing. A significant amount of growth in this set of end markets will be from consumer which bear some explanation. We've treated crypto currency as it has emergency as a consumer business. This business has become larger and more durable driving growth in the fiscal Q4 though it is still potentially volatile, Victor will also talk more about this. Our gross margin for the quarter will be approximately 69% to 71%. We expect core operating expense to decrease to approximately $255 million. However, in this quarter we will recognize one-time expenses of approximately $30 million related primarily through our CEO transition. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be between 0% and 5% for this quarter as impacted by the Tax Reform Act. Our financial performance year-to-date and our guidance for the fourth quarter indicate to us that we're on track to meet or exceed our annual guidance on all operating parameters. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Victor Peng: Thank you, Lorenzo and my sincere thanks to you, Moshe. I'm going to stay on script because well this is your 41st call. This is my first. And I probably shouldn't blow it at. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm truly honored and extremely excited to be speaking with you on my first Xilinx's quarterly earnings call. And I'm particularly fortunate to be assuming leadership not only with Moshe taking this company to such a great position, but and truly a very dynamic time in our industry. By focusing on delivering unique values and emerging areas as well as our traditional markets, we will build on this revenue growth we've established and create the next wave of shareholder value. In an era where the pace of Morris [ph] law has showed. Xilinx is in a unique and unprecedented position of strength. Enormous amounts of data being created, stored and processed presents tremendous opportunities with Xilinx. Applications like machine learning, computing and storage acceleration, autonomous driving and 5G all promise to make an enormous impact on people's lives. Tomorrow's compute intensive applications require optimize platforms and are capable of delivering both acceleration and adaptability. Xilinx presents the right technologies and capabilities to take leadership position. And I'm delighted to have this opportunity to help the company maximize this potential. I would like to add my comments about both December quarter and the outlook for the March quarter. I'm very pleased with our consistent execution as demonstrated in our December quarter results. Revenue grew as Moshe said for the ninth consecutive quarter to the records $631 million. Additionally our operating margin exceeded 30% one quarter ahead of our plan driven by better than expected gross margin. Our overall revenue growth was again driven by our advanced products. Revenue from these products increased 10% sequentially and 30% year-over-year. This category now represents 56% of our overall revenue significantly up from 52% last quarter and 47% a year ago. Both our industry leading 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer technology node had significant sales records. With our 16-nanometer portfolio we're now delivering 43 unique products to approximately 1,160 customers. Revenues from our Zynq SoC platform an integral element of our multi-market expansion efforts increased nearly 40% from the year ago quarter and is expected to grow again in the March quarter. This platform has established sales traction in all of our end markets with significant success in the automotive, industrial, wireless and consumer market. As Lorenzo noted, our product is finding some success in crypto currency mining system. We're finding that our products and customer support capabilities really fit the need of this emerging market and we do anticipate future growth while being cautious about the volatility of this segment. With regards to end markets the industrial, aerospace and defense markets had another quarterly record. With sales of $297 million, an increase of 7% sequentially and 23% from the year ago quarter. This growth was driven by both semiconductor test and the emulation applications. Our unrivaled technology leadership has been a very significant driver for this record setting revenue performance. Our strong momentum in the data center continues unabated. Market leader Alibaba recently announced plans for two generation of FPGAs as a Service. The F2 and F3 using Xilinx Ultrascale plus FPGA. And beyond the public eye, we're seeing strong activity in workload specific compute acceleration, storage and smart mix. These data center opportunities continue to be one of our key medium to long-term market expansion opportunity. As we look forward to the March quarter, our guidance of $635 million to $665 million is again expect to be driven by the continued growth of our advanced product portfolio. If we achieve this guidance we will establish another sales record with Xilinx. Our overall revenue performance through the three quarters of the year and our Q4 guidance gives us confidence that we will exceed our $2.5 billion plan for fiscal 2018 and as we mention, we already reached our goal of 30% plus operating margin a quarter [indiscernible]. Now I'll turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: And I'm going to adlib here, Moshe. Thanks for being a gentlemen as these years. We've not always seen eye-to-eye but you always treated us very fairly. So good luck and on the next innings. Question on the up margin and also kudos for hitting the target and my question is for you, Victor. How should we think about sustainability of that given the increase in the next node and that's been the case forever but it seems like a step jump in that and also you're spending more on the FPGA as a Service model. So just help us understand how should investors have confidence that this has been a bogey that has been illusive on a consistent basis for Xilinx. So how should we think about that? Thank you.
Victor Peng: So from a gross margin, that has a lot of factors, but a big factor is mix. So in terms of the way the segment came out, we had really strong growth in segments for which we generally have very good value. Of course it's more complicated that, there's a lot of things we're doing for controlling the COGS and so forth. So I would say we absolutely can excuse me, I was referring to gross margin but in terms of the operating margin obviously that's all true but, so at that level in terms of operating margin. I think we've been very careful about investing where we see bigger returns and also being mindful of where we are on the gross margin line. So I think that we're going to be balancing those things right. We generally give a range of the upper 60s up into the 70s and I think if we look at how return we would get by investing further we'll do that aggressively and other places we absolutely want to give return to the shareholders, so.
Moshe Gavrielov: So Ambrish, I'm going to think maybe I'm going to ramp some other questions on this. We're - I guess outside of tax which I'll help you guys out a little bit on for the future. We're going to stick with our traditional cadence of providing specific financial guidance initially in our Q4 earnings call and then more in detail at our analyst day. So I think the kind of fundamental principal both that Victor and I laid out will be what we apply, right? Which is we're investing in the company and we're continuing to manage it to return the mostly to the shareholder.
Ambrish Srivastava: And I think the piece that you have given us is the scale and I think that's what I was hoping to hear from you, is that you're reaching, you're about to reach the inflection point on the FPGA as a Service model, which will help fund that.
Victor Peng: I'm sorry I didn't even mention, I didn't answer that piece of the question. Look I think we've been pretty consistent in saying FPGA as a Service is a more mid-term to longer term opportunity. From a revenue perspective that is not yet in a very material state. And also point out, that FPGA as a Service is only one segment of the compute acceleration which is only one segment of our opportunity in the data center. I think we've been pretty consistent in saying that, we have many opportunities not only in the compute side but also in storage and the networking side. So I think that a little less connected to your question regarding sustainability of the operating margin. I think on the operating margin side again you're seeing right that we have achieved our goal ahead of plan and we do think there is legs [ph] there on the other hand, if we feel like the right thing to do is invest to ensure the strong growth, we'll do that but we'll always be mindful of returning good value to the shareholders.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, thank you good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Moshe, best wishes on your next adventure here. I was just wondering if you could just talk about the consumer bucket. Obviously the crypto currency is been a big driver for a lot. Maybe just talk about December and then outlook in the March if you can kind of frame how big that's getting and how much of driver is it for that segment in the March.
Victor Peng: Blayne I'm glad you asked that because we're flagging it because in the past this has been really not materially enough to even mention because of the fact that. It's growing and this is - we're talking about like in the below tens of millions. We wanted to flag this however this is not like a GPU size kind of exposure right. And again you heard both Lorenzo and I say that there's a lot of volatility here. So I wouldn't we're mentioning it because now it's not something that's totally negligible but just to give you right order of magnitude. It is not something we're - we suggest you try and model, it's very volatile and it's very new and emerging thing.
Blayne Curtis: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: I guess first I'll start - Moshe congrats, pleasure working with you and Victor, look forward to working with you and congrats to you as well. I guess for my question maybe a kind of follow-up to the first one, as you think about tax reform and access through all that cash, how does that change your thinking if at all in terms of R&D investments as you project to head into beyond fiscal 2018.
Victor Peng: I don't think there is a first order impact from tax reform on our operating model. It comes mostly into play for us in terms of capital allocation. So I think regardless of tax reform and regardless of the quarter-to-quarter specifics we'll maintain very highly profitability and very high cash flow generation. So we see as the primary benefit as tax reform is freer uses of cash on a global basis. I think we're right now understanding some of the longer term impacts of it because there is some second order or more detailed aspects of tax reform that will impact cash payment, so we're modeling that as best we can out into the future and we'll use that to influence what we do on capital allocation, that's still on the works and again we'll probably talk more in detail about that at our analyst day.
C.J. Muse: Do you have a sense of your gap and or cash tax rates or that's something for the analyst day?
Victor Peng: Sure. Like I said totally I think it's unfair to you guys to say okay one quarter 93%, the next quarter it's going to be 0% to 5% and not leave with you any guidance past that. We actually wrap all the considered caveats around this, but as we understand it right now our forward tax rate should be between 10% and 15%. So pretty much like we had experienced in the recent past. So that's our best guidance right now, but it's obviously not without some caution on the potential for regulatory changes as more technical guidance comes out in different aspects of that, but right now it's the best we can get.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: And Moshe I'll echo the sentiment. Thanks for all the help - helping to understand Xilinx through the years, greatly appreciated. I guess my question is sort of follow-up on the margin side. I want to focus really on the gross margin side. This is only the second time in corporate history that I can see in our model that you've had gross margins above 71% and Victor I understand the importance of mix. So I guess part of one of the question is, can you help me understand what happened in the quarter from a mix perspective to make things this rich. And I guess more importantly just given that your broadening your lead against the competition and broadening the number of applications that you can address, why shouldn't we think that there is a continued structural upward biased on gross margins overtime. The caveat being no one should - have to apologize for 71% gross margin.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thanks for that.
Victor Peng: Yes, thanks for that. As I said I talked about mix that was really oversimplification. Look on the one hand, we are creating a lot of value, where our products, our leadership not only because we've executed well and delivered what we said but we've done innovations the most recent one for instance the RFSoC, where we integrated RF class data converters monolithically whereas 16-nanometer digital process. Right. Where that's saving the customer power, cost, size, weight all these things. And some of the other areas we have the larger capacity by factor. So part of this is, you got to be creating value right and then if you do that and on top of that you execute and you get out and so forth and you're going to get value. There is also just of course the natural factor, the mixed piece is that, the different segments have natural different levels of margin, right. So but crypto currency side, well of course consumer to the extent that we play is more price challenges, more margin leanness other places that we play in aerospace and defense for instance so forth and in general if you're delivering value you can get the value. So on the one hand I would agree with you is that, I think with our innovation and what we're doing that we're getting value and we're giving value to the customers, but you know the variability does become when you have certain markets if they pick up very strongly and they're naturally in that market have more ASPs competitive and you know that can change mix. But we certainly think that with leadership and the products and continue to innovation that in generation we can and will get good solid gross margin. They always have that variability and then of course.
Lorenzo Flores: The gross margins are just to remind you all John, I know we've had this conversation before. It's not reflective only of one quarter shift in mix. There is a decade now long legacy of focus on improving the gross margin of the company and our approach to it, I think it does provide us with a solid basis for just as Victor said consistently strong expectations on gross margin. But we're in very competitive markets in the lot of places and in markets where by the nature of those markets you're under consistent cost pressure. So yes while we have a firm basis saying we're keep growing it, I think it's probably a little aggressive.
John Pitzer: And Lorenzo, what specifically this quarter about mix was such a tailwind.
Lorenzo Flores: So we had actually the benefit from Victor and Moshe both mentioned our advanced product growth particularly our newer products which happened to be the highest value products we can provide, those provided and uplift and we also had good business in the general, in the industrial and aerospace, defense test measurement and emulation end markets which generally provide an uplift for our margin structure.
John Pitzer: Thanks a lot, very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong: Reading off my carefully crafted questioned script. Can you fill us in on what percent of overall revenues came from automotive and how much automotive was that year-over-year?
Lorenzo Flores: Auto was up year-over-year on the order of a little more than 20%, but I think that's a little bit of measurement anomaly. We had somewhat of a low point last year this quarter in auto and we are seeing it still in around 7%-ish of overall sales. Most of that business again is ADAS related and most of the growth is ADAS and Zynq based for us going forward.
David Wong: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Vinh with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
John Vinh: Good luck to you, Moshe and Victor, congrats on your new role. My question is around comms last night you heard TI kind of call it out as a source of area of weakness that they're seeing. It looks like comms where you came in, maybe slightly below what you're expecting but you did guide comms to be up in March, so wondering if you could give us some color in terms of what sort of demand trends you're seeing there and also if you could comment on what you're seeing between wireless and wireline, that will be great.
Victor Peng: Sure. So wireless is actually up some. I think we've mentioned several times that we're virtually all of the pre-5G prototyping so we saw some growth there. We also saw some strength in 4G deployments in India. Wired slowdown some mainly due to some of deployment of some products, but when we look at the current quarter we see that wired will be back up and wireless will probably be about flattish.
John Vinh: Got it. Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: It's not inconsistent with what we've been saying, wireless will bounce around this level until we see the 5G inflection point.
John Vinh: Great. Thanks and I had a follow-up question on M&A. it seems like M&A activity is starting to pick up and seem really with the tax reform ability to repatriate cash seems like activity in the sector could pick up. One does that give you an opportunity to be a little bit more proactive on the M&A front. And can you also remind us in terms of how much offshore cash you will have an opportunity to repatriate.
Lorenzo Flores: So let me take the more specific the cash question, first. I think Victor can elaborate on the market situation for M&A. the easiest way to think about it right now is, after we pay the transition tax which for the most part is a book number because the structure is deferred over eight years. Pretty much our cash balance is free to move about the world. So that's part of this assessment that we're doing overall so gross cash at $3.6 billion net cash of $1.9 billion. We don't foresee limitation on [indiscernible] deploying that cash anywhere in the world or seeing any sort of tax penalty for doing it. We'll have ongoing tax which on a cash basis will be higher than we've experienced in the past, but there won't be restrictions on cash utilization or maybe better put economic disincentive to use it anywhere. So that's a good news part of tax reform for us.
Victor Peng: On the M&A side I viewed as our focus is what is our strategic objective and goal and M&A could be a tool to sort of further add, so we look at it that way and we obviously consider that as along with other many option. Ultimately of course you want to maximize shareholder value that the financial sectors is the main goal. But I would say that the focus is to think about what all our options are in the strategic concepts and we're trying to accomplish and if M&A is the thing then that would be considered along with that option. Now clearly on this call, this isn't the time to talk about that kind of vision. I think there will be time later in the quarter where we'll have the opportunity to talk a little bit more about direction in vision.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Also I want to echo the congratulations to Moshe and Victor. Just wanted to follow-up on the end market splits. You guys have done a great job growing for I think it's nine consecutive quarters on a sequential basis and the annual guidance range, is you've given been very helpful and it sounds like you're going to beat those for this fiscal year but there is some pretty big deltas between what you guided by segment and what you delivered with the comms and data center side being well below your guidance but the industrial, aerospace and defense being well above. So I guess with that all being said the question is what was surprising in those two segments versus what you originally thought and what's the duration of the new trajectory. You think it's phased this week on one side and strong in the other or is something in the mean revert [ph].
Lorenzo Flores: So versus where we thought I think you've gotten the primary point which are the industrial and A&D that have been markets which includes true industrial, aerospace and defense and test measurement and emulation. We're very pleasant surprise with their strength this year and that's pretty much across the board in those end markets. The consumer automotive and broadcast sentiment markets is on track with maybe automotive not as strong as we initially thought, but as I said earlier still growing in ADAS applications and so good platform for us in the future. And the wireless, wired communications data center end market that is underperformed partially because wired and data center is not a strong collectively as we thought and then wireless was bouncy and tough to predict to being with. But as we go forward, without being very specific about the direction like I said we'll provide more of that later on this year. The characteristics that are driving industrial and A&D seemed to be sustainable. The consumer automotive and broadcast business as we talked about, we could see some good upside from the, as we talk about it now from applications like the crypto currency and we look to maintain our position in automotive. Wireless, we still think is going to have that same basic characteristic of flattish with up and downs until we see the 5G and wired and data center I think we're going to continue to slow growth.
Victor Peng: Can I just? I'm not going - I do want to add a little just to certain applications. A&D has been strong that is not a surprise frankly I think that is something that is something that's been strongly and we definitely see that continue and test measure and emulation. I think we expect to be strong maybe is a little stronger than we expected, but I wouldn't say it's a surprise. I think some of the other comments that Lorenzo shared we agree, but I mean overall I don't want you to think that some of these things we didn't anticipate I just happens that a lot of the growth sell in that single bucket right, if you break it down as Lorenzo said there is good growth in multiple sub segments. I would also say that in general if we're talking about by segments. We talked also about the fact that I mentioned in my remarks I think is also a very strong platform I see that strengthening across multiple market. So I think there are definitely areas where we've been seeing and we see that sustained.
Ross Seymore: That's helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra: I'll join my peers and congratulate both Moshe on many years of significant achievements and also Victor on your new role. Regarding 5G is it fair to assume that this ramp is going to be more small cells based versus base station based and so as such should we view 5G as potentially being more of a higher unit but lower [indiscernible] content opportunity and perhaps if you could refresh us a little bit on when you think the ramp beyond field test can become more meaningful overtime.
Victor Peng: Let me and answer that last part first. So I think we've been pretty consistent in saying we really see the ramp more in the 2020 timeframe. I mean there is some early things going on now and we've got like approximately 90% of those early pre-5G and proof of concepts and then I also referred to really disruptive product in the RFSoC but of course that's just getting out. Now it's a transition to the first part of your answer is that? let me start with RFSoC in that regard, I mean RFSoC is something that is something that is not just 5G, it's the right technology and really the way to deal with any massive MIMO kind of architecture so that's a very large [indiscernible] and that's a trend that's being moved to across in general not only in wireless infrastructure but even in other very adjacent applications, right. And then in terms of small cells. Yes in small cells but I think that it's really a range of different types of infrastructure so I wouldn't say that it's just small cells. So in general I would say we see good very strong position there but again the ramp is more in the 2020 timeframe and as far as RFSoC we're seeing great momentum, but it's really not a meaningful revenue at this point. People are just starting to design with that, that goes into production in this calendar year.
Tristan Gerra: Okay great and then just a quick follow-up. So it looks like the tens of millions of revenue target that you had for this fiscal year for [indiscernible] potentially gets pushed out a little bit, how should we look at the ramp, is there a timing at which we see more [indiscernible] inflection point and any quantification that you may want to put forward for the next year or two from a data center and this customer.
Victor Peng: I'm sorry were you referring to the tens of millions on being pushed out, could you?
Tristan Gerra: I think that was a somewhat of soft target that Xilinx had put in place regarding this fiscal year in terms of data center ramp.
Victor Peng: Okay, I see I mean again what I would say is that, first of all data center. The traditional portion of our data center revenue right, the kinds of deployments we've been in the past largely in storage, but not only in storage that still is actually the larger part of the revenue overall. I think the revenue is the emerging part that we referred to and I think what you're probably really targeting early the discussion about FAS and so forth. I mean that's, that is in the smaller number that you're talking about, now it's still in those tens of millions, I don't see this as a push out. I think we've been pretty much consistent in saying that, this is the period where we're building applications, we're getting the tools and the infrastructure out there, we're building an ecosystem and so forth. Just to put this in perspective in the re:Invent Conference that Amazon had back in November 2016, that's when they announced and they were the first ones to announce FPGA as a Service. They actually announced it, but it didn't even start going online until April, 2017 since that time we now have five announced FAS deployments, but again many of them are just coming online. In the re:Invent Conference Amazon just had this past November. They announced the fact that they have now instead of just one region, there are three region which FPGA accelerated or deployed including the secure US GovCloud and I think a total of 11 [indiscernible] regions. So I think what I'm trying to suggest here is that, it is not at this stage where we're talking about big revenue growth. This is all about building the applications, the infrastructure, getting the deployments and we're seeing very good momentum on that perspective. I don't see that there is a push out per se, I think it's just again building that the foundation and getting the applications out and getting these engagements going. Does that [technical difficulty]?
Tristan Gerra: Great. Very useful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: And again my congrats to Moshe as well. If you could help us understand the commentary on crypto it will be helpful. Specifically you're saying you think it's more durable or maybe [indiscernible] sustainable, is there something about your position in that market or demand trends that you think reflect something that indicates sustainability in that marketplace. Thank you.
Victor Peng: The crypto currency is extremely volatile and so I think one in some situations what happens is, that things change so much that A; it's hard in that sense to sort of predict. In terms of the sustainability though we do see as we said, we do see that we've had revenue in the low tens of millions, we see that kind of level of revenue continuing, but we also are providing support for these customers. Okay, it's not secret there's so much involved there that people doing custom ASICs for this and they're also using GPUs. Now the reason why we do see some flip here is because it's a very dynamic situation to a different and Bitcoin gets a lot of press, but really there is multiple different currencies and there is lot of things happening, so with that kind of change the flexibility we have that has that value. But we are very cautious here because of the volatility of it and we don't want to you to over read in what we're saying, right? That's why in the TPU space they've had much bigger exposure, but nonetheless it's gotten to the point where we don't want to just have it not lease rate.
Lorenzo Flores: I think the durability point comes from when we first saw it, it was very small business and then it grew significantly but we didn't have any line of sight to any future business path what was currently in the book. We now have better line of sight by working closely with some of these customers to what their plans are and the future potential of the business, that's really what I was going after when I said that because it's something we understand a little bit better, but again as we keep saying we're cautious about the macro factors that drive the core demand for these products.
William Stein: It helped. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James.
Chris Caso: The question about the revenue turns [ph] percentage that seems to have been steadily dropping is that a function of where product lead times are now, if you could explain that relationship and basically what you're seeing both turns perspective how it gives you visibility for the business before you're seeing lead time.
Victor Peng: We don't really have any lead time issues and actually that's one of the things our customers have appreciated about us, which our ability to support them. I do think it's more function of us continuing to drive the business and get the orders on the book as soon as we can and it does help us plan and it does help us from some downside variability it if ever occurs. We just - trying to drive the business not to say that it will be always be this way but we're making a deliberate effort to get the orders on the book.
Chris Caso: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citigroup.
Chris Danely: Moshe thanks for everything over the years. Mazel Tov caim sheli. Anyway. That's Hebrew for those of you who don't know out there. I don't know if you guys. [Foreign Language]. I don't know if you guys went into the relative growth rate you expect in your three main end markets for the calendar years, if you could just run through those real quick.
Victor Peng: I'm sorry, so you said for the calendar year or for the last quarter.
Chris Danely: For this calendar year what's your relative growth rate expectations between comm, industrial and broadcast.
Victor Peng: I don't think that on this call I want to give guidance for the quarter, right. But I mean for the calendar year but in terms of where we see now in the quarter that we're in, the aerospace, industrial, A&D that we definitely see will be a very strong quarter. I mean overall that basket. I think the AVB consumer and auto will be holding slightly up.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes, well so I think Chris so the for the year I mean the calendar year is three quarters over next fiscal year and I guess we'll do that guidance first in at the end of this quarter and then more completely at Analyst Day. But for this current quarter the fourth quarter with respect to the third quarter with what I had reference in my guidance piece earlier.
Victor Peng: Yes, I was talking about the fiscal year. I'm sorry. I was referring to this fiscal year of which sub segments was going to show pretty strong growth.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes, so I got I think we're both little bit confused about the time and horizon your question, sorry about that. But for this quarter the industrial, aerospace and defense end market set will be relatively flattish as the two industrial and aerospace and defense segment growth offsets decline from actually a record setting performance on test measurement and emulation. The communications and data center end markets will be up slightly and the consumer automotive and broadcast business will be up and that's where the right now we've bucketed the crypto currency business and that's where we spent a little bit more time explaining that.
Victor Peng: And that's for the quarter.
Lorenzo Flores: For the quarter, yes.
Victor Peng: Sorry, I thought you were saying when we complete the fiscal year, how it would look?
Chris Danely: Yes, I'll wait for the long-term guidance for the analyst day.
Lorenzo Flores: Okay, yes great thanks.
Chris Danely: Thanks guys.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna International.
Christopher Rolland: Congrats Victor on the promotion and congrats Moshe on a great career. So I just Victor wanted clarification first. So you said low tens of millions from crypto was at per quarter or for the full year and then I assume that's most heavily weighted for this last quarter here. And then also the 30% growth in broadcast consumer and auto, great job there. And I know Dave already asked about auto growth here. But what was consumer growth year-over-year and broadcast growth. Thanks.
Victor Peng: I guess in general in terms of the crypto currency like we said that kind of came from a very low number to in that order of tens pretty quickly, so when you sort of said how was it, was that on a quarterly basis, actually that would be for like the whole year, but you know it kind of came up from a year ago virtually zero. So yes, so the answer to first part is yes. Yes, it is stronger in the recent quarter but you know for the year it's still be in that order of magnitude.
Lorenzo Flores: So the other aspects of the business, the AVB end markets are on the order of 10% up and consumer business is up substantially more but I think again there is some data anomalies that you wouldn't want to use that as a predictor of the future just because the way that business had bounced around historically.
Victor Peng: Again as you know consumers are very in general a more opportunistic one for us, that is in - we definitely when we see certain opportunities go after it on the other hand that doesn't have the kind of emphasis that we have in some of the other markets. And again we flagged the crypto because that became from quickly essentially zero to something that you wanted to flag.
Christopher Rolland: Yes, I certainly understand you don't want to leave anything on the table. Thanks guys.
Victor Peng: Yes, we won't do that.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Just quickly on the balance sheet. Inventories were up a little bit more than I would have thought and so are receivables and so Lorenzo I know you talked about not having any availability issues. Is this just a new norm for inventories, what should we expect going into the March quarter or how should we think about that. Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: In general you will see our inventory grow in anticipation of the business. We've had I think there's one quarter in the past we actually had a higher dollar value of inventory that was for specific business area I think that was getting ready to support wireless ramp and last generation. Again I think that was the case, but we see just in general broader end market strength particularly in our advanced products and that for we're focusing our inventory builds. So I think the inventory number is quite consistent with what you'll see in the business. It should growth as the business grows, but periods it will drain down a little bit and others it will build up a little bit, just depending on what we're actually seeing in the market. On AR, this is been a story that I've told a couple of times it is relatively high and it is again driven by how consumers take shipments and during the quarter and payment patterns. I will reassure you all we have no collectability issues on the AR, so that's just high quality and it's purely a timing thing.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Vinayak calling in for Joe. I wanted to follow-up on your ADAS business. Now that's one space where you have seen good traction for using product. So when you look at your customer design and pipeline, could you just discuss how happy and applications sort of ADAS evolved overtime and what are the applications your most [indiscernible] going forward?
Victor Peng: ADAS again has been as I mentioned for Zynq automotives is one of the areas that we have [indiscernible] strength. For the most part this is all 28-nanometers by the way, right and of course the ADAS requirements for the market keep going up, right they keep raising the safety standard, so there is already been quite a bit activity and design ins for the next generation ADAS. As everybody knows that there is also a lot of development and excitement around autonomous driving and these things are evolving from advanced driver assist systems towards autonomous driving, so we have a natural set of relationships, design activities and in fact some wins frankly that move us along that whole continuum the earlier events driver assist systems to more sophisticated ones to the earlier levels or autonomous driving. So yes it's I think that we're definitely participating that entire evolution because of our flexibility we're participating in all of the major sub portions of the architecture meaning like we have engagements where we're in the central unit, we have [indiscernible] some of the sensors, aggregation points and so forth. So yes, we're quite well engaged there and think that's one of the definite areas we think out in good, very good traction. First generation in our 16-nanometer MPSoC as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: You have another follow-up question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: I just want to follow-up on the March guidance for consumer. Given you said your [indiscernible] seems like should be up double digits and obviously we talked about crypto currency. I'm just trying to understand how strong automotive is because that business has had kind of unpredictable path typically it's seasonally strong but sometimes it's up larger if you could just look at the sequential growth in the March and maybe kind of get any color between the segments there.
Victor Peng: That's sort of end market in a percentage basis, the consumer aspect will grow the more substantial as you just pointed out. Both AVB and auto will grow in the low single-digits.
Blayne Curtis: Very helpful. Thanks.
Rick Muscha: Victoria, we can take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Your last question will come from the line of Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie Securities.
Srini Pajjuri: Moshe, let me echo my congrats and again thanks for all your help over the years. Just a quick question I know you guys don't make CPUs but you do sit next to a lot of them. Just curious if you know the recent security issues with Meltdown and Spectre and if you're seeing any impact one way or the other, directly or indirectly in the near term. Do you expect any impact from those issues?
Victor Peng: I know that's a quite a lively topic. Of course we lead the industry in integrating in RMSoC into All Programmable FPGA so and as you know we license those cores from ARM. So one is, I'll say that we absolutely know that there is no susceptibilities of the Xilinx specific implementation of the Arm cores that we license from ARM and according to information, we work very closely with ARM. We don't believe there is any susceptibility to the meltdown aspect of it. Regarding Spectre there is no known susceptibility in terms of the 16-nanometer Zynq MPSoC and in terms of the first generation Zynq SoC, we use there the ARM Cortex A-9 which has the possibility of having some of that however I'll point out that, most of our customers do and closed embedded systems. And if that's the case that's highly unlikely that there will be exposure to that. In addition if the customer does have something to get, gets user kind of code exposure if they use authentication, security features that are there then that exposure is also same thing highly unlikely. We haven't heard anything from customers but of course we monitor that very closely and we're working with ARM very closely on any further news or mitigation. Just to round out the basis, by the way we've had our proprietary Microblaze SoC [ph] embedded processor. We know that there is no vulnerability there in that architecture is very simplistic so there is no vulnerability in either of the Meltdown or the Spectre. Does that?
Srini Pajjuri: Yes. Great. That's it.
Rick Muscha: Great. Well thanks for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time, 8 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the fourth quarter fiscal year 2018 will be Wednesday, April 25th after the market close. We'll be attending the following conferences this quarter: The Goldman Sachs Internet and Technology Conference in San Francesco in February 13. The Morgan Stanley TMT Conference also in San Francesco on February 27 and the BofAML APAC Conference in Taiwan on March 15. Also we'll be hosting an analyst meeting in New York City on May 22nd, please do save the date and we look forward to seeing you there and will have many more details to follow. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-10-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - IR Moshe Gavrielov - CEO Lorenzo Flores - CFO
Analysts: William Stein - SunTrust Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Blayne Curtis - Barclays Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank C.J. Muse - Evercore David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley Vivek Arya - Bank of America Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Chris Danely - Citigroup Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Research Chris Caso - Raymond James Ruben Roy - MKM Partners Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Skinner, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We’ll provide a financial and business review of the September quarter, and then we’ll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available, and actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the Company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Rick, and hello, everybody. Sales in the September quarter increased for the eighth consecutive quarter to $620 million, up 1% sequentially and up 7% on a year-over-year basis. Sales for the first six months of the fiscal year were also up 7% versus the same period of the prior year. Our growth continues to be driven by our advanced products which grew 21% year-over-year, supported by the overall strength of our product portfolio. Gross margin was 70.2%, in line with our guidance. Operating expense was $249 million, less than guided as R&D came in slightly lower than expected. Operating income for the quarter increased 2.6% sequentially to $185 million and our operating margin was 29.9%. Tax rate for the quarter was 10% including a discrete item related to the accounting standard for the treatment of stock-based compensation. Our net income for Q2 was $168 million, or $0.65 per share. Some key points on the balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in gross cash and $1.9 billion net cash after our debt. Operating cash flow was $202 million. We returned $257 million to shareholders during the quarter in the form of $87 million in dividend and the repurchase of approximately 2.6 million shares for $170 million, an average price of $65.04 per share. We continue to execute on our share repurchase program with the intention of exhausting our authorization over the next several quarters. We currently have $445 million remaining on that authorization. We ended the quarter with diluted shares of 258.2 million shares, which included the impact of 7.6 million shares from the warrant associated with convertible debt. The convertible note itself had no impact on shares for the quarter, as the note was completely settled in mid June. For a complete explanation of the impact of the outstanding warrants on share count, please refer to our convertible FAQ on our Investor Relations website. With our stock price higher since the time we established our FY18 share count guidance, we are now expecting ending share count in Q4 FY18 to be in the range of 255 million to 260 million shares. Now, onto guidance. In the December quarter, we are expecting sales to be between $615 million and $645 million. Our backlog is up significantly heading into the quarter and we expect continued growth in our advanced products. From an end market perspective, we expect industrial and A&D to increase again. Communications is expected to be approximately flat while broadcast, consumer and automotive is expected to decline. Our gross margin will be approximately 69% to 71%. We expect operating expense to increase to approximately $260 million, with R&D driving the increase. We continue to invest in both our technology and our customer relationships as we expand our leadership and our markets. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be between 11% and 14%. Our financial performance year-to-date and our guidance for the third quarter indicate to us that we are on track to our annual guidance that we provided at our analyst day. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Lorenzo. I’m pleased with our consistent execution as demonstrated in the September quarter financial results. We delivered our eighth consecutive growth quarter with sales increasing sequentially to $260 million. Our operating profit increased approximately 30%, enabled by gross margin and with slightly better than expected and tightly managed operating expenses. We continue to benefit from the combination of our diversified multi-market portfolio coupled with clear technology leadership over the three most recent nodes. Five of our eight end markets increased in the quarter. Our industrial, aerospace and defense primary end market set the new quarterly record with sales of $278 million an increase of 17% from the year ago quarter. The broadcast consumer and automotive segment also delivered significant sequential and year-on-year growth. On the product front, our advanced products category delivered record revenue. This category, which already represents 52% of our overall revenue, will continue to be our growth driver in the foreseeable future. Our Zynq SoC platform, critical element of our multimarket expansion effort, delivered another sales record of growing 65% from the year ago quarter. The Zynq SoC platform now comprises 12% of our overall revenue. Expanding on this theme, our industry disrupting RFSoC family targeted at 5G cable and wireless backhaul applications is already shipping to numerous customers. 20-nanometer sales increased very significantly and also attained the new sales record, driven by strength in multiple end markets. 16-nanometer portfolio continued its accelerated sales ramp, again setting a new record. We’re now shipping 34 unique products to more than 930 broad market based customers. This is a very substantial sequential increase of 50% in the number of unique devices, 75% in the number of customers, both are significant harbinger of future success and demonstrate our technology leadership as noted. I’m gratified by the recent significant announcements highlighting our strong customer momentum in cloud computing. This is one of our key medium to long term market expansion opportunities. As projected in our previous earnings release, Amazon Web Services has made a uniquely differentiated SDAccel development environment available to F1 users while also expanding their FPGA as a service F1 deployment to multiple region. In addition, Huawei announced their FPGA as a service instance based on our Virtex UltraScale+ FPGA. Finally, Alibaba, the largest cloud service provider in China recently announced their next generation FPGA as a service F2 and F3 instances, both based on Xilinx technology. The significant type of scale customer adoption momentum is enabled by the combination of silicon leadership coupled with advancements we’ve made with improving ease of use. This will enable a much larger community of software and application developers to derive full benefit of FPGA acceleration. Finally, as we look forward to the December quarter, our guidance of 615 to 645 is expected to be driven by the accelerated growth of our advanced products portfolio delivered across numerous end markets and all three of its technology components. Achieving the midpoint of this guidance will establish a very significant new sales record for Xilinx. Consequently, we remain confident that we’ll deliver on our fiscal year 2018 revenue target of approximately $2.5 billion. In addition, while we continue to invest in our technology leadership, share gains and market expansion efforts for sustained revenue growth, we remain committed to delivering 30% plus operating margin exiting this fiscal year, as well as preserving our commitment to returning cash to shareholders. Now I’ll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from William Stein from SunTrust.
William Stein: Moshe, I’m hoping you can help us sort of align what we hear as very good traction in the early stages of these deep learning projects by the web scale providers on the one hand versus sales coming in a little bit lower than expected in that end market for the quarter, and perhaps some effervescent optimism about that end market? I’m wondering if you can help us sort of think about how we should expect that end market to trend over the next few quarters and beyond.
Moshe Gavrielov: Actually, sales didn’t come less than expected; they came where they were expected. If you look at communications on a whole, wireless was down but data center business was up. But, we are at the very, very early stages of deployment of this technology. And it takes series of time, typically years from when the deployment starts to when the potential is realized. As such, what we are directing everyone is to $200 million to $300 million in calendar year 2020, and that’s still a plan and we are on plan to deliver that number. It just takes this length of time. The biggest impediment we had was expanding the potential customer base. And programmable logic in the past has been directed only at hardware designers. And in order to make it available to a broader audience, we have developed this SDAccel capability that is now being deployed. That should enable the adopters beyond the traditional existing users of our technology and that will -- that gives us confidence in the potential of achieving the $200 million to $300 million. But patience is important on this because it just takes time until it has that viral impact. And the broad acceptance by, by far the biggest things we think is huge stepping stone towards that. And as the -- that together with the SDAccel are the enablers. And over time, we do expect to see this translate into revenue at a faster rate, but we have been very clear with regards to setting expectations as to when that will happen and we continue to project the $200 million to $300 million in the 2020 timeframe. It’s the right thing to plan [ph] at this point.
William Stein: One more, if I can, related to the same topic. Investors are seeing some outstanding growth from NVIDIA in GPU for similar applications. Maybe you could give us a very summarized version on how you compete with that technology among the web-scale providers and all the engineers and companies that want to develop AI applications, what’s the sort of pitch for FPGA relative to GPU today?
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. So, the biggest historic advantage, and NVIDIA had two significant advantages, one is they recognized this market very early and pursued it several years ago. And as a result of that what they’re seeing now is the fast growth but that similarly to our predictions, it took several years until it manifested itself in revenue. The other advantage they had is that inherently a software -- it’s a software program technology and now we’ve gotten to the point where our technology can be addressed in the same way. The advantages we have largely in the area of providing overtime superior performance in a broad set of applications, typically at lower, significantly lower power point. And over time, we expect that to be important in a broad set of applications. So, that’s the value proposition and that’s why you’re seeing these deployments that these -- obviously very significant hyper scale companies are one of the biggest issues when you look at these big compute firms is power is the big limiter. And we can provide them with either higher performance in some applications, not in all of them or definitely on a broad basis we can provide similar performance at a much lower power points. And the combination of those two are prevalent and are likely to provide over the next few years the opportunity for growth for us. But that’s the biggest difference is the delivering the software accessibility, which we now have and also catching up, which we’re executing with vigor on that front too.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava: I’ll be courteous to my fellow analysts and ask only one question. It may not be your favorite one, Lorenzo, but certainly one of my favorite ones, accounts receivables. Going up two quarters in a row, they went up last I think three or four quarters ago and then you brought them down. But, I’m just looking at Q-over-Q and Y-over-Y, receivables are going up higher than sales, both on Y-over-Y and Q-over-Q comparison. Could you please help us understand why that’s the case?
Lorenzo Flores: Sure. I think in general, the same phenomena is happening over the past couple of quarters that happened when we had the relatively high numbers in the past, and that’s just timing of shipments in the quarter. As you may recall, we had a quarter where our receivables got very high; next quarter, we reported very low receivables, and that’s about a year ago. And the key thing we monitor on that is the quality of the credits underneath that, -- are these customers going to pay? And the answer is in general, it’s a very, very, very high rate; we have minimal, negligible write-offs on the receivables. And so, we’re highly confident, this is all collectible and will show up in cash flow. And we’ll see different patterns maybe in the future based on timing of shipments during the quarter. But that’s really all what happens. Shipments in the last months tend to be collected the next month or the first month of the next quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Moshe, I was wondering if you could just go back to the com business. You mentioned in the September wireless was down. Just curious what trends you are seeing in wireline. And then, I know visibility has been kind of low for people, just curious your perspective as to when wireline can come back?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, if you look back at the previous quarter, the June one, wireless had a huge surge, and that tends to volatile. And indeed this past quarter, the September one, it trended down quite a bit actually. And our expectation is that wireless in December will go up again, maybe not as high as it was in June, but we should see growth there. Wired, generally speaking has been flattish with somewhat of a downturn, downward trend, it sort of -- not a huge downward trend but it is trending down, and we are not at this point predicting any huge surge; it’s likely to go sideways or maybe continue on a very slow downward trend this coming quarter. If you look at our overall results and Lorenzo broker it down into the three categories, then, our expectation overall is for communications to be flattish and very significant growth on the industrial; and the third market, the broadcast, auto and consumer to be slightly down. And that should net significant upside overall.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Looking at data center, are you seeing interest from anybody for a Xilinx FPGA becoming the first access point in the data center, basically delegating the CPU as a second integral? [Ph] And how big is the opportunity for FPGA to become more of a central point in some data center application in the medium term?
Moshe Gavrielov: If it become any time soon, the first one, then my $200 million to $300 million would be ridiculously low number. And so, what is happening is a transition, which is now accelerating in the industry and it’s a transition where CPUs have basically exhausted their ability or have only minimal ability to provide higher performance to these very parallel applications. As a result, there is this transition to heterogeneous architectures, which have a CPU and have other forms of acceleration. GPUs have been pursuing that several years now and now it’s very significant business for the GPU vendors. And programmable logic has emerged as a third alternative. But, we don’t expect it to supplant CPUs totally. And that’s -- but it will provide a very significant enhancement for this heterogeneous computing and will provide an alternative and that it’s not that CPUs will go away but there’ll be a need for less CPUs for some of these applications and they will be replaced by other modes of acceleration in particular programmable logic over time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Moshe, I wondered if you could just go a little bit into the broadcast consumer and automotive segment. That had a nice pop sequentially. So, could you just describe what that driver was behind that? And then, with the guidance for that to be down a bit in the quarter, I know the automotive is the sexiest part about that. But, could you give us a little more detail on what’s driving that sequential decline as well, please?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, I believe that all three of the sub markets actually grew quarter that we just reported. And we expect automotive actually to continue growing but the other two to shrink somewhat. And overall, it’ll be flattish to slightly down with -- I mean, that’s our current prediction with automotive continuing to grow. And these markets are actually quite desperate, you can call them the other markets to some extent, and they’ve different dynamics, which drive them, automotive what is driving our growth is continued deployment of numerous generations of driver assistance technology and that’s sort of the biggest driver of the technology there. In consumer, it’s a whole plethora of applications, which from time-to-time have surges and we benefitted from one of these surges this past quarter. And broadcast has been doing well but it’s a small market for us and that’s a market which is going through structural change where as a market generally, it’s not growing in a big way and there’s a transition to the cloud in some of the broadcast applications. So, that’s one of the inhibitors to its growth. That’s about as much color as I can share with you at this point.
Operator: And our next question comes from C.J. Muse from Evercore.
C.J. Muse: I guess the follow-up to Ross’s question on ADAS. I believe this was roughly a 5% business for you guys in fiscal 2017, curious if you think this could be a 10 plus percent business over the next two to three years. And then, specific to today, can you provide an update on customers transitioning to 16-nanometer and how this is impacting both unit demand as well as your ASPs? [Ph]
Moshe Gavrielov: So, let me start from the last question, or the last sub question that you asked. We are seeing in ADAS transition from our original Zynq product to our MPSoC, which is the 16-nanometer generation, pickup there has been quite substantial. And quite a lot of the customers are now deploying the second or third generation, which is in 16-nanometer and we expect that to be a big growth driver for us going forward. We do expect this market to provide double-digit growth per year with the potential for that continuing for next few years. And that’s just with the -- for the deployment of ADAS and the new generation of ADAS, and then early versions of automated -- autonomous driving, which will have very powerful, centralized control unit, but then will continue to have a lot of additional auxiliary technology required to implement the solution. And we will likely play significant role in the second part. We are not differing the first ultra-high performance processing portion of it. And so, if you look at the arithmetic, could it get to 10%? Yes, it’s sort of moving that direction but I think it has a few years ahead of it to deliver on that potential.
Lorenzo Flores: Just to clarify, C.J., was your question on 16-nanometer related to the broader adoption or just in ADAS?
C.J. Muse: It was just within ADAS.
Lorenzo Flores: Okay.
Operator: And then next question comes from David Wong from Wells Fargo Securities.
David Wong: Further on the thoughts products for ADAS. In the future, will there be any specific types of hard course or other specialized types of circuitry that you might want to incorporate in your offerings for ADAS or autonomous driving applications?
Moshe Gavrielov: I’ll let Lorenzo, go first because Lorenzo drives much fancier car than I do and that you can take that one for the bank. So, I think he will be more of a true consumer advocate of this. And then, I might add color later.
Lorenzo Flores: My car is 10 years old and the driver assistance is in the form of mirrors. But the serious answer to your question, David, is embedded in the products we have today, particularly the Zynq-based SoC products are hard in IPs that are well-targeted to the needs of our customers who are developing ADAS applications, not the least of which our features that enable safety and security at the device level. So, yes, I think we continue to evolve our platforms in that area with -- again, overall, it drives a greater integration of capabilities that really provide that longevity and the platform design for our customers. So that’s the overall view of what’s going in our products that will be suited for ADAS. Moshe, do you want to add anything?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes. And specifically, if you look at the MPSoC and I’m tying this to previous question, if you look at that that’s a 16-nanometer product, then there is hardened safety, hardened security, there is hardened [ph] graphics, there is a lot of hardened cords. You just can look at that. A lot of those were added there based on request from our automotive segment, and that will continue to be the trend going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: I guess one clarification, I think you said, Lorenzo, that backlog was up significantly. Is that quarter-on-quarter? And if so, how does this extend backlog and then sort of flattish guidance or slightly up guidance, are you just seeing longer lead times, can you talk about what’s driving that?
Lorenzo Flores: So, let me talk. Yes, backlog is up significantly in the quarter. And this actually relates back to Ambrish’s question on AR. We do have an unpredictable, if you will, pattern in any given quarter of what goes in the book, when the customers want to ship. And, we work with our customers obviously to hit their schedules and their requirements and drive our business at the same time. So, there are occasions when we’ll have the book fill up toward the end of the quarter and that kind of carries forward into the next quarter, and that’s the phenomenon we’re seeing. So, no, it’s not a function of lead time or anything structural like that; it’s a timing thing.
Joseph Moore: And then, for industrial, you’re obviously growing a lot there. I mean, can you talk a little bit the sustainability of that? And how much of that is sort of the share gains you guys have been talking about, whether it’s Zynq related or process node related, versus just a stronger industrial environment?
Moshe Gavrielov: I believe, it’s a combination of the two. And the environment is stronger and we’ve been waiting a long time for this to happen. But now, we had a very, very, very broad set of design wins in industrial, which was Zynq based. And we were getting a little antsy because they were taking a long time to translate into revenue. Good news is that that is happening now, happening very broadly, and it’s where we believe we have a very strong position vis-à-vis a traditional competition but we’re also seeing fewer and fewer dedicated ASSPs which are targeted this extremely fragmented market. It’s just the market which has built up a lot of very small niches and it’s very difficult to come up with an ASSP that addresses them all. And so, our position there we believe is very strong. And what we’re seeing now is the Zynq design wins, 28-nanometer move to production. If you look at Zynq, then the first generation was primarily wireless oriented and there was a lot of that and that’s happened relatively early. Then the second generation, which is continuing now is in driver assistance in automotive. And now, we’re seeing the expansion into a lot of different markets and the industrial also -- aerospace and defense is also, we’re starting to see those translate to revenue now. So, both the markets we believe are doing reasonably well or actually better than they have been in long period of time. And our competitive position is stronger than it has been as this market continues to be very fragmented and there’s less, very targeted ASSPs that can pick off these small niche applications.
Lorenzo Flores: Joe, I want to go back to something I actually didn’t address in your question that I picked up, which is you said, a flattish guide. I think I would want to point out that the midpoint of our guide is $630 million, which is meaningfully up from where we are today, so strong backlog is consistent with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Moshe, I just wanted to revisit the assumptions underlying the $200 million to $300 million opportunity that you have set out of calendar 2020. Is that opportunity just for Xilinx or do you think that’s for the entire FPGA market? And if it is for all the FPGA makes, then, how does the competitive landscape impact that number? Because even if it may not be all the way there today, surely in the next three years, they can use their incumbency to add more competition in that market. So, any color there would very helpful.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. So, we -- I agree with your observation. When we look at the 200 million to 300 million, this is our number. We expect the overall number for programmable logic to be significantly higher, at least twice as much. Intel does have a very significant design win in this area with Microsoft that’s being very well documented in its public domain information. And this is just starting. And there is seven major hyper scale companies and then there is the two additional ones who are pursuing this with vigor, at least two that we’re involved in, which is Huawei where have the design wind and IBM where we have a very type relationship. So, if you look at our overall position together with the ones we’ve already announced and we’re engaging with all of the others. The 200 to 300 is what we believe we can do in data center in its various forms in that time frame. And the market in of itself we expect to be quite a bit larger than that, at least twice as big. And obviously Intel has its incumbency that is true but we have superior product on the acceleration side. And we believe it will get a significant share of the market based on that. Market overall should be significantly more than that.
Vivek Arya: And as a very quick follow-up, maybe for Lorenzo on OpEx growth and I know you’re not providing the guidance for next year yet. But, at what point should we start to see your sales growth do better than OpEx growth? Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: So, you’re right. We have not provided any FY19 guidance yet and we will do that in the course of time. Just on OpEx, I will -- want to repeat something I’ve said in previous calls with respect to the flow this year; we are expecting it to decline in the fourth quarter of this year. We have some local highs here in this current due to take out expenses primarily. So, we expect it to decline in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: I had a follow-up question on your cloud computing business. Last month, at your developer forum, I think in the keynote, the gentleman from the AWS gave a very constructive and positive commentary on your offerings and how they would expand that business going forward? And obviously, from a customer diversification perspective, you have announced couple of partnerships. So, I guess the question is, I appreciate this is going to take a long time, but what would you need to see to gain incremental confidence then for you to raise that long-term number?
Moshe Gavrielov: We would need to see broad adoption, and that tends to be viral, so you get the early adopters, we start using it, some of them start seeing superior results. It generates some excitement, and then you start getting more and more of these application developers. And I think, the key metric will be when will we see the next acceleration in the application developer. Realistically that couldn’t happen up to now because it was limited to FPGA designers with SDAccel and all of the additional things we are doing. We now have provided the foundation for that. And expectation is that it will feed upon itself, once they start seeing superior results in terms of acceleration. And so that will be the thing to watch. And I think the fact that you are seeing Huawei and Alibaba within less than a year jumping in and following in Amazon’s footsteps that is a proof that there is a lot of potential here, because you now have three very significant players providing this as a service. Amazon obviously started a year ahead of everyone and is still way ahead of everyone, at this point, but the others are going to pursue them with vigor, as you can tell from their announcement. And the expectation is that the applications, which will benefit from this -- from parallelism, which is inherent and available, and programmable logic will be the driver for expansion of this, both in the cloud and over time in embedded applications too.
Operator: Our next question, we will retry the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Quickly, Lorenzo, going back to the OpEx and correct me if I’m wrong, I thought that this year was going to be a relatively tan [ph] year for tape-outs and that would have been a tailwind for OpEx reductions and what sort of offset that was some of the software development work you needed to go after new application acceleration. One, was that wrong? And I guess, two, on the second side of software OpEx to go after new opportunities. Has that expense peaked or is that something that will continue to grow out over the next couple of quarters and how do we think about OpEx around these new applications?
Lorenzo Flores: I think the best way to think about OpEx with respect to those new applications and in general is, go back to the guidance we have provided for the full year, which is going to be between 990 and 1010 millions of dollars for the year in terms of OpEx. Take the guidance I just gave and add to it the first couple of quarters, we are right around $750 million of OpEx for the year. We are going to be -- going to be in our range. We’ve accommodated both the new investments that you talked about with respect to software development and our tape-out schedule. The comment I made around tape-out was explaining why this particular quarter we’re going to see OpEx go up and then go back down in Q4.
Moshe Gavrielov: And the current tape outs are due to 16-nanometer going to production and happening faster than we had expected, plus a few additional expansion products like the RFSoC, which was sort of new. And so, it was never expected to be the low tape-out there. And the reason that it’s a high tape-out here is the technology is doing so well or relatively high tape-out, the technology is doing so well and it’s in such pristine condition that we are now rolling out the entire product offering, and that’s why we have 34 unique products already shipping. And that’s been -- you multiple that 34 number by several million dollars for each tape out. That’s sort of an expensive occasion. [Multiple Speakers]
John Pitzer: My second question is just a follow-up, Moshe. Last week when TSMC reported, I was a little bit surprised after the first time ever they called out sort of crypto currency ASICs as being a meaningful driver of their business in the quarter. And if you start to look at the breakdown of some of these crypto currency hardware devices, often times you are finding an FPJ sitting next to these ASICs. And so, I’m kind of curious, is this the sizeable market that you guys think about, how big today under what sort of end market category are you putting this or how do we think about the size of this market and I guess importantly the sustainability?
Lorenzo Flores: Actually, you’ve framed the question quite well, John in that. So, maybe, we are little too elliptical when we are talking about our -- the strength in our consumer business. We do see -- we do have meaningful business with some of the crypto currency providers, like you said the role our product plays, which is typically a Zynq-based product is as a controller, if you will for these ASIC-based mining platforms. We don’t -- at the same time, we say that we acknowledge this meaningful business in this quarter. We obviously want to see some longevity in that business and breadth of that business before we point it out as a key driver. We are really happy with it right now but we don’t want to get a little bit overheated in talking about the potential for this. We do, as I said, I’ll go back to same words, some longevity in that business and some breadth across multiple customers for that business for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Danely from Citigroup. 
Chris Danely: On the communications and data center business, how much these days is comp versus data center? And then, where do you expect that to be in say year or two?
Lorenzo Flores: As we continue to talk about the nascent state of the data center business, or at least emerging hyper scale data center business. And as you know, Chris, from following us, we’ve always had storage and network-based business in the data center. It’s about the same size as it ever was. The vast majority of the data center, I mean, the communications and data center business is wireless and wired. And then the true data center piece has been around 5%. And that’s again transitioning from the older businesses that we had their into this newer hyper scale data center opportunity.
Chris Danely: Any projections for year two?
Lorenzo Flores: No, not yet
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, 200 million to 300 million, and it’s not there yet. So, it’s significantly less than that, but that’s the projection.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from Macquarie Research.
Srini Pajjuri: Hi, Moshe, just a question on competitive landscape. It looks like Intel is finally shipping their 14-nanometer part. Just curious as to what you’re seeing out there and which end market, if any do you think that they’ll be more competitive versus less competitive?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, from everything we’re hearing, there continue to substantially issues on performance, power and software. And to the extent that they have shifted with relatively selectively to their very, very largest customers, which makes a lot of sense. We, to contrast, shipping it now, it’s close to a 1,000 customers and we have 34 distinct products and counting, so already shipping. So, we believe that the leadership we have in terms of the breadth of applications that we can support, quality, the lower power, the better service performance are still very significant. And what we’ve heard from customers is that the lead we have in terms of the majority of the technology is a year and a half or more, which is very significant, it’s probably more than we’ve had any point in time in the past. So, not saying they’re not around but so far our breadth and quality are helping us prevail. And if you look at the results on the 16-nanometer, it’s growing at an incredibly fast rate, it’s actually growing much faster than we had expected it to grow, at this point in time. So, we continue to do well with this technology. And we never rest on our laurels as we have a very worthy competitor, but we’re raising to exploit the huge lead we have.
Srini Pajjuri: And then, just one clarification, Moshe. I think you said wireless will grow in December quarter. I know it’s a lumpy business but just curious as to what’s driving that growth in December, whether it’s China or India or something? Any color would be helpful.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we think it’s all of the above. We think that the past quarter was a substantial low quarter -- substantially low quarter. And that what you’re seeing is we saw some inventory reduction at our largest customers and we think that now they’re going to be shipping again based -- and we’ll benefit from their lower levels of inventory which they had built up before, and that should help us across the board but in China and India in particular too. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Caso from Raymond James.
Chris Caso: My question is on automotive. And I guess what we’ve seen presently in ADAS system, there is generally some content from PGA, some purpose-built silicon and general purpose. As we go forward and that industry matures, what’s the reason that FPGA stays on the board and what’s the reason that that content stays with FPGA and wouldn’t necessarily consumed into ASIC or general purpose?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. That’s the great question. What is happening is this market is evolving very, very, very quickly and much faster than it typically has in the past for traditional automotive. And there is huge race to provide higher content and to address new sets of sensors and things of that nature. And those are evolving very, very rapidly. So, if you look at where we’re seeing success is we are seeing success not with our traditional programmable logic, but actually with our Zynq product line. And as the Zynq think product line is actually very powerful embedded processing, don’t think it’s just this programmable logic; it’s actually a very powerful embedded processor with a lot of hardware built accelerators and tightly linked with programmable logic. Now, the value of the programmable logic there is that it enables the customers to have a platform-based solution where they can adapt the platform very quickly to address numerous models and numerous changes. And as this market is evolving very, very quickly and there is new sensors and new algorithms and there is some elements of machine learning which now being integrated into it, then the programmable logic is actually very well-suited medium to address those. So, that’s why we believe that there will -- as it continues evolve rapidly, we can actually provide a fine tuned solution with the control, with a lot of the embedded hardware, accelerators and with the programmable logic. And so, it’s sort of a different from the traditional ways of thinking of programmable logic but it’s just used for prototyping. Here it’s actually -- the Zynq product offering covers huge portion of what the customer requires; the embedded hardware addresses other areas; and then the programmable logic and its flexibility is actually well attuned to rapidly changing market. Where I do agree with you is saying 2030, 15 years from now, if the whole market becomes commoditized and doesn’t move, that’s when it is likely to be less advantageous to have these capabilities. But, there is a long way between where we’re now and when it reaches that stable point. And as -- even though there is a tremendous level of excitement on autonomous driving, it’s going to take several years before it becomes the prevalent form of transportation. And that’s likely to take tens of years in reality. And as it evolves over this period of time, it will change, and we are likely to continue to have attractive value proposition for all of the areas which are dynamic. Now, just to sort of highlight, so I’m not overselling, we are not addressing the ultra-high performance central processing element, the ones which NVIDIA is pursuing and Intel is likely pursue and potentially other players, we are looking at the rest of the market even when it evolves to autonomous driving; there’s going to be a lot of additional auxiliary functions which we will be very well adaptive.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ruben Roy from MKM Partners.
Ruben Roy: Moshe, I had a follow-up on the competitive discussion you were just having a couple of minutes ago. It seems like you are competitor, Intel, has recently increased their focus on 10-nanometer, and it seems a little surprising given the issues, the well-known issues they’re having with 14, the conversation has shifted to 10 at this point. But just wondering from your perspective and now that you have some product in hyper scale data center customers and various new applications. Are you hearing any feedback from customers around acceleration potentially of your own roadmap or how is that all working out?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we have accelerated 16-nanometer very significantly, and that the significant number tape-outs this year were to move it all into production. That’s where we believe we have the broad leadership at the current nodes. And so, I think we’re in violent agreement with you on that front, as our customers. We are working feverously on our 7-nanometer solution with TSMC. We expect to tape that out next year. And we are very pleased with the progress that TSMC has made. And I was just at their 30-year anniversary and they’re full steam ahead. We are -- very, very, very big mobile customers of sort of standing in line, they are all there and they are targeting their next generation 7-nanometer and we will be immediately after them, taping out our devices and benefiting from the huge learning that that volume will run through the system. So, in this business, if you ever stand still, you are likely to have the tortoise and hare scenarios. So, we are running as quickly as we can to make sure that we continue to exploit our leadership and prolong it into the next generation. For us that is taping out next year and it is going to be a phenomenally attractive generation of technology.
Ruben Roy: Just a very quick follow-up, just point of clarification on the commentary on data center and percentage of revenue et cetera. When we think about traditional products that you are selling into whether it’s networking, storage et cetera. How do you think about that? Is that sort of a steady state type of business that’s going to grow at low single digit percentage type of growth rates? And the new stuff is really just starting out from a very small numbers today, obviously with the expectations for fast growth or as the traditional stuff sort of maturing in and following off while the new stuff comes up?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, that entire industry is going through a transition and significant portions of it are getting cloudified. And when they get cloudified, there is opportunities on the networking and storage as well as the acceleration side. So, what we expect to see is portions of what we called wired communications, reemerge as our data center business but they will still be used for storage and networking. And it’s sort of somewhat similar with regards to the technology requirement. So, that’s likely to be a significant transition for us. But, it will probably offset each other without having tremendous impact either away. The growth area is acceleration and the acceleration is the growth area because it really provides an alternative to the traditional CPU computing. So, I think your read is correct that the transition is happening and the classification is going to change and to some extent, it might at some point become a little more difficult to figure out what is wired business and what is data center business. And at this point, we look at them as adjacent and transitioning from one to the other, but the technology requirements are similar on the networking and storage side, and they are unique and different on the acceleration side. And that’s the growth opportunity. So, hopefully that provides some color to your question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: I was just wondering when you look at, you talked about incenting [ph] and how you see Intel performing down the road. Have you seen NVIDIA coming into incenting market as well? And today the GPUs are probably bit tied but do you see them being a viable competitor in that market too?
Moshe Gavrielov: They are definitely focused on influence too [ph] and they are coming out with new versions of their technology, which are quite departure from their traditional GPU architectures. And if you blur your eyes, they actually look a lot like more technology that we have, a much better match for than the traditional GPUs. And I think what they are doing makes sense. They have a good position and good starting point. But for broad applications and influencing, different architectures than traditional GPUs or GPU derivatives are required. And as you look at some of their new solutions, they actually are moving in that direction. And we believe we are ahead of them in the flexibility we can provide actually as the advantage, the inherent advantage we will continue to have over time.
Rick Muscha: Okay. Thanks for joining us today. We’ll have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of fiscal year 2018 will be Wednesday, January 24th after the market close. We’ll be attending the following conferences this quarter: The Credit Suisse Technology Conference on November 28th in Scottsdale; The NASDAQ Conference in London on December 6th; and The Barclays Technology Conference in San Francisco also on December 6th.  This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Once again, this does conclude today’s call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc. Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc. Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.
Analysts: C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Ruben Roy - MKM Partners LLC
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the June quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available, and actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the Company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Rick, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Sales in the June quarter increased for the seventh consecutive quarter to $615 million, up 1% sequentially and up 7% on a year-over-year basis. Growth was driven by our Advanced Products, which increased 8% sequentially to a new record. Gross margin was 68.8%, in line with our guidance. Operating expense was $243 million, also as guided. We are executing to the plan we outlined at our Analyst Day in May. Operating income for the quarter increased 4% sequentially to $180 million or 29.3% of revenue. The tax rate was 8.2% for the quarter, below our guidance of 10% to 13%, due primarily to a discrete item related to the accounting standard for the treatment of stock-based compensation. Our net income for Q1 was $167 million, or $0.63 per share. Some key points on the balance sheet and our cash flows. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in gross cash and $2 billion net cash after our debt. During the quarter, the Company raised $750 million of fixed rate debt at a rate of 2.95% with a seven-year term. We redeemed the remaining balance of $458 million on our convertible debt on June 15. Operating cash flow was $191 million. During the quarter, we paid $82 million in dividends, and we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for $67 million, at an average price of $65.09. We continue to execute on our share repurchase program with the intention of exhausting our authorization over the next several quarters. We currently have $615 million remaining on that authorization. We ended the quarter with diluted shares at $266 million, which included the impact of 14 million shares from the convertible and the warrant associated with it. Due to the redemption occurring in mid-June, the full impact on share count will be in the September quarter. For a complete explanation of the impact of these instruments on share count, please refer to our convertible FAQ on our Investor Relations website. Inventory was $215 million, down 12 million from the prior quarter. On to guidance. In the September quarter, we are expecting sales to be between $605 million and $635 million. We continue to expect growth in our Advanced Products. Regards to end market, we expect the communications category to be down, driven by wireless. Industrial and A&D is expected to be up. And lastly, Broadcast, Consumer and Automotive is expected to be up as well. Our gross margin will be approximately 69% to 71%. Consistent with the guidance we provided at our Analyst Day, we expect operating expense to increase to approximately $253 million, including $1 million of amortization. Most of this increase will be in R&D. We continue to invest in both our technology and our customer relationships as we expand our leadership in our markets. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be between 10% and 14%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Lorenzo. I'm very pleased with our ongoing execution as manifested in our June quarter financial result. We delivered our seventh consecutive growth quarter with sales increasing 1% sequentially to $615 million. Operating profit increased to over 29%, reflecting the strength of our business model. We continue to benefit from our proven technology leadership of three consecutive node, and its positive implication for our broad multi-market thrust. On the market side, five of our eight end markets increased in the quarter. Special mention is due to our test measurements and emulation business, which delivered record revenue yet again. In addition, our broad-based channel business was a very noteworthy area of strength. We're delighted to realize the benefits from our expanded and very focused global relationship with Avnet. As has been a recurring pattern, overall revenue growth was driven by our Advanced Products. This increased by 8% sequentially and 33% year-over-year. This category now represents 52% of our overall revenue, significantly up from 49% last quarter and 42% a year ago. As Advanced Products now comprise over half of our business, it will continue to fuel our growth going forward. Our 28 nanometer product portfolio sets another significant industry sales record with strong sequential growth from the ISM, TME, broadcast and consumer market. 20 nanometer sales also significantly increased in the quarter, driven by vibrant sales in wireless, primarily for pre-5G deployment. The largest surge in the June quarter sales was driven by our 16 nanometer portfolio. We continue to receive consistent customer feedback that our exceptional execution of this node has extended out competitively to over 18 month. We are now shipping 22 unique products to more than 530 discrete customers, representing all end market, a substantial increase from last quarter. I'm delighted with the consistent progress we have made in Xilinx's transformation from the premier FPGA company to one addressing a much broader market through uniquely differentiated All Programmable devices. Great manifestation of this transition is the Zynq platform, a very deliberate multi-market expansion play into the SoC space. Our pro Zynq portfolio, which is implemented in both the 28 nanometer and 16 nanometer node, again delivered a new sales record while almost doubling over the past year. In that vein, we recently began customer sampling of our breakthrough 16 nanometer RFSoC family. This highly disruptive product offers an architectural resolution – revolution of 5G wireless with integrated RF-class analog technology. It provides both 50% to 75% power and dramatic footprint reduction for future 5G deployments, cable and wireless backhaul applications. I'm particularly pleased with the Amazon FPGA-as-a-Service F1 deployment that enables cloud-based acceleration. The general access phase targeted for traditional hardware application developers was very successfully launched in mid-April of this year. We're currently working shoulder to shoulder with the AWS team to facilitate the second very significant market expansion phase of this program. The expectation is that within a month of unique SDAccel technology will be made available to AWS F1 users and will enable the much larger community of software application developers to derive the benefits of FPGA acceleration. Returning to the here and now, our September quarter guidance of $605 million to $635 million will unquestionably be driven from broad-based growth in our Advanced Products portfolio. We remain focused on achieving the fiscal year 2018 revenue target of approximately $2.5 billion. In addition, while we continue to invest in our leading technology and market expansion efforts, we remain committed to delivering 30%-plus operating margin exiting this fiscal year. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for questions and answers.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Please limit your question to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. Your first question comes from the line of C. J. Muse with Evercore.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, first question. I know it's small part of your business, but one that we're all interested in, the Data Center. Can you provide an update on what you're seeing in FPGA-as-a-Service? And I guess, as part of that, how you're ramping R&D to support that and how we should think about that going forward. Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Well, this program, which has been ongoing for over a year and a half with Amazon is now online. And since mid-April, I think it was April 19, it was opened up for general availability. The nature of that is that it really targets the traditional hardware FPGA designers. And that's gotten very good reception, and we worked very closely with Amazon and their design team to enable that. But the real potential for this technology, both in terms of the ubiquitous accessibility of the technology, and the – broadening the set of users, is to move beyond traditional hardware designers and facilitate for software developers and algorithm developers to use the technology. And we have made the technology, which is an abstraction layer or think of it as a wrapper, an abstraction wrapper on top of our hardware technology now available to Amazon, and that's this SDAccel and this is sort of a journey, it's not one set of technologies. But that is, by far, the most significant portion, and we expect that to be rolled out by Amazon within a month or so. So, we've developed the technology, we've handed it over to them, and now we're working very closely with them to make sure customers have the best experience possible. As with every new technology, it typically has some teething challenges. And you know this is very advanced technology so it undoubtedly will have that, and we expect to continue to work closely with Amazon over the next six months so that as it broadens its usage, it becomes: A, easier to use; B, has much higher performance and gives the benefit of the parallel processing capability, which is inherent in the FPGA, to the customers so they can use it in their end applications. And everyone's sort of – I know there's tremendous desire to see this happen overnight, and reality is that this probably will take six months to go through this phase of the software technology deployment and acceptance by the market. And at that point in time, it will clearly have the potential of going viral and expanding in a big way. With regards to all of the numbers we've given in terms of engineering investment, they already relate to this becoming the highest priority for the Company. So, all of the numbers that Lorenzo and the team shared back in May in New York are the numbers, and it's been done by our existing engineering resource. But it is clearly an area that we are significantly increasing the investments over what it has been in the past. You shouldn't sort of assume that that will impact the overall engineering investment, right? So, it's an issue of prioritizing the resource.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: And I want to expand just a little bit on one aspect of what Moshe said, C. J., which is the investment we're making is primarily on SDAccel, which is intended to be broadly available technology outside of Amazon as well, right? So, this is a horizontal leveraging play as well for us.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. Congratulations on the solid results. I guess, Moshe--
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Hey, John, we're having a hard time hearing you. One second.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Is this any better, guys?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah, now it's better. Thank you.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Apologies. Moshe, I won't ask about the Data Center opportunity, but I was curious, in your prepared comments, you started talking about some revenue, early revenue for 5G. And so, I guess, I'm just trying to figure out how we should be thinking about the deployment of 5G, both the trial opportunity for you, which is going to start to come, I guess, in a little bit more volume as you exit this year and more so into 2018. And then how you see that 5G opportunity developing when trials eventually move into kind of full deployment in sort of the late 2019, 2020 opportunity. How much revenue do you think you can get out of the trial phase? And then, how do you think about 5G under a full deployment, that revenue opportunity? Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Well, we agree that 5G, in terms of real deployment, it's a 2020 onward timeframe. And the expectation is the technology needs in order to support 5G, which is a massive expansion in terms of bandwidth and reduction in terms of latency, all of those – the hardware requirements are huge. And so, the expectation is that this will be a long rollout, but the overall area under the curve will be larger than it has been in previous generations of technology. And we're seeing now a massive race to use our products, and in particular the RFSoC we believe is a very attractive element which should enable us to capture very significant parts of that early deployment. And then over time, what we'd expect is when you move into the later phases, that will be addressed by our 7 nanometer product offering. And so, we expect both of those to be addressed by our technology and in particular by this integration of the mix signal. When you look at the overall market, we expect wireless to sort of generally, until 2020, to move sideways, but not at the trough level, somewhere in the middle. And we're sort of seeing this, if you look at our trough and peak levels of wireless, they were – there's about a 2:1 ratio between the two, and it's now hovering in the middle. And in quarters like the quarter we just reported, actually, wireless went up substantially and was well above that midpoint. And in the current quarter, best we can tell, it's going to go down a little, just below that midpoint. And no, we can't sort of – that's the nature of this business, we expect it to continue to fluctuate. It's good for us. We expect it to be on average at that level, which is better than most and that's due to the very strong technology position we have. And that's probably why you're seeing us do somewhat better than probably other traditional players in this market. But to summarize, we expect it to sort of be, on average, moving sideways until 2020. And from 2020, we expect it to sort of get to the previous peak levels. And when there will be rapid deployment, it could be above the peak level, but it won't sort of stay there the whole time. The area under the curve is very substantial, and it's just, the technology requirements are much larger and the density of the MIMO and all of that is really much higher than it has been in the previous generation.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks so much. Can you give us some idea what percentage of your total revenues Automotive made up and what sort of growth you're seeing there sequentially and year-over-year?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. So, our Automotive business is around 7% of our overall business. And it's been driven – the strength of our Automotive business has been driven primarily by the ADAS applications over the past few years as they've offset the Infotainment legacy business we've had. So, that will be the driver for us in the future. Let me just see if I have some sort of year-over-year. You think – our Automotive business over the past few years has grown from less than 5%, in the order of 4% of our business to where it is today. So, it's been one of the fastest growers in our overall suite of end markets, David.
Operator: And your next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hello. This is Vinayak, calling in for Joe. I had a follow-up on your ADAS business. Can you just touch upon the breadth of ADAS applications, where you're seeing traction, as the last diversity of the design wins you have there? And longer term, how do you see your positioning in a full year world (22:01)? Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: So, this is a market we have invested in for several years now, and both – and what you're currently seeing in terms of our revenue is largely our 28 nanometer Zynq product offering. And we're seeing it, no – the numbers we had shared is approaching 100 models in just over 25 manufacturers. And we're seeing that continuing, we're seeing the usages of technology. It's sort of forward looking, backward looking, inward looking, sideways looking. There's a lot of applications where it's being used. What we're seeing now is that a lot of the early designs are now transitioning to the second generation of product, which is the MPSoC, it's the 16 nanometer product offering. What we expect to happen and obviously there's a lot of press on this, but these are still really very, very early days, and when you sort of hear about vehicles driving around, they don't really have the level five or anything close to that available. And the expectation is that over the next several years, that will roll out, and we expect this to be a combination of potentially a very powerful central CPU or CPU cluster, and then a whole host of other inputs. We are targeting that using our 7 nanometer as the ultimate solution for this market, with more of a focus on the other elements as opposed to the supercomputer at the center of it all. And our expectation is that the market will evolve in a way that because things are unknown, it will take probably until 2030 before it's clear how it's evolving, and we expect to be a significant player addressing that and building on our ADAS leverage. And so, if you sort of look at the ADAS and if you look at our 16 nanometer solution, we already have tremendous investment in things like security, which are essential to this, where we're way ahead everyone else in terms of providing the best security for these solutions. And I think you're probably aware that this is one of the biggest concern in this market going forward, because if the cars can be hijacked, that's not a particularly comforting thought, right? And so, we're in the midst of it all, we're continuing to invest the current business that's driven by 28 nanometer, it's now moving. And over the next five years, there will be significant deployment, and we already know the models, in 16 nanometer, the MPSoC solutions where we have a larger role, and then we're working on the 7 nanometer, which will enable us to continue to stay in the game going forward. So, hopefully, that answered your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Vinh with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
John Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Hey, Moshe, my question for you is on competition. I was wondering if I could get your updated thoughts on how you're thinking about competition these days. Obviously, since your main competitor has been acquired, it's been no secret that they've really had struggled to execute. You guys have clearly have dominated the last three nodes and even moving forward, it doesn't look like you're going to get a lot of pushback. And I'm wondering, given your success that you're getting in Zynq and embedded SoC, are you starting to see your competition becoming more the ASICs and ASSP players, or are you still see your competition is traditional FPGA? And if your competition is starting to shift a little bit, are there any sort of changes that you need to make to address that?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Well, that's a great question. And indeed, you're right. And actually this is an ongoing transition which is happening. And as our devices are becoming more and more sophisticated, they're all in the systems exchanging. And whereas in the past, the programmable logic for the FPGAs used to have a relatively well-defined role, but it was more of a auxiliary capability. Now, these All Programmable have very sophisticated SoCs with highly integrated programmable logic of moving to the center of the customer's system. And now, because we're using this technology and it's happening in conjunction with the transition to heterogeneous computing, right, which is people moving beyond the traditional computing models to others where there's a need for parallelism, we have a very good match with a lot of these new applications. And in particular, if you look at machine learning and artificial intelligence, that sort of the killer application which transcends all of these and actually can be very well addressed by our solution. As a result of that, we definitely are seeing very different competition. I would say that the market is about 60% in terms of revenue is in our more traditional historic competition, but there are – actually there's less players in that market, and I'm not only talking about Altera, which is now part of Intel, but you're seeing less and less competition in those markets like A&D, Broadcast and the like. They really are seeing less competition because that's very fragmented, and test and measurement is another example of those. And then about 40% what we're seeing, and this is very market specific, we're seeing different competitors. So, if you look at wired, the biggest competitor would be Broadcom and in some case high-end ASICs. And if you look at wireless, it's more ASICs than anything else, and a solution for that is the high level of integration with our RFSoC. You look at things like Automotive and Data Center, then what you see is the big semiconductor companies there, and they are addressing it through their SoC-based solutions. And the way we're attacking it is not frontally, it's based on our strengths because we believe that the ability to use the programmable logic as the differentiator is a key element, which is very difficult to duplicate any other way. And so, we're addressing those markets there. But it is a very different and competitive map and it was – it's also one which requires us to invest a lot in ease of use, and that's the biggest knock on our technology in the past whereas it would only work with hardware designers, and a lot of these companies don't even have hardware designers or have very small teams, and that's why the SDAccel and SDSoC products were so important, and those are the things that Lorenzo highlighted. The Amazon deployment of this technology not only will benefit our business with the hyper-scalers but actually will enable us to compete on a broader base in all of these markets against other SoC providers. Next question, please?
Operator: I'm sorry. Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Moshe, congrats on the good quarter and outlook, in particular. On the quarter you just posted, the Broadcast, Consumer and Auto end market did very well. I wonder if you can maybe dig into the components there. You gave us a little bit about Auto, but can you talk about the other two sub-segment or sub-end markets there?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. Both the other two elements of those end markets actually did a little bit better than expected. They're still relatively and, as everybody knows, consumer isn't a focus area of ours, but we're seeing some interesting opportunities develop in certain end market niches there that we're particularly suited for. And so we'll see how that evolves over time. The ABB strength is really I think a cycle, product cycle, where, again, our products are particularly well suited for the evolution of that industry, and so we've seen success there. And we probably will continue our strength there. As Moshe said, we're seeing less intense competition from a traditional sense there. And we'll point out, auto was coming off of pretty spectacular record quarter for us last quarter. So, where it is today, we see it continuing to strengthen through the rest of the year. So, again, based on the designs that we have on our 28-nanometer Zynq product line, in particular. Does that get to your question, Will? Okay.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Next question, please?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Ji (33:23) on for Ross. Thanks for letting me ask a question. The growth expected in the Industrial, Aerospace & Defense segment in the September quarter is actually a little bit better than our prior expectations for a flat to slight decline. Can you discuss some of the sub-segments within that IAD segment in the September quarter? And does this imply that fiscal year 2018 growth can be above the prior guidance for 5% to 9% growth year-on-year?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So let me take the bigger question first, which is, as we go through quarter-to-quarter and as each of our end markets trends through the year, there'll be pluses and minuses throughout the year. So I wouldn't read next quarter's guide as anything on the full year yet. I mean, ideally, all the positives continue, but that's just not the reality. Within the – each of the end markets for Q2 in the Industrial and A&D space, we actually expect each of them to be growing different degrees. So we see strength across the board.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much. Moshe, I just wanted to clarify something, and I'm not expecting your AI-related business to grow overnight, but I just wanted to revisit something you said a few quarters ago and are we still on track for that. You had said that by – exiting fiscal 2018, it could be tens of millions of dollars. And so question, are we on track? And would you need to get additional wins beside the AWS? And also, if you could please highlight any details you could give us on the Baidu announcement that came out a few weeks ago. Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: So, no, there's seven hyper-scalers, and then there's also two significant systems companies that are very close customers and partners. You can look at our release and you can sort of figure out the people who are in CCIX. CCIX is the protocol which addresses and is targeted at – particularly, this market addresses this area. So, as you look at those, the tens of millions of dollars do not require massive adoption by additional players. It's sort of – it's based on what we believe and, for better or for worse, this is the way it's panning out, but this is based on the existing business we have with numerous players, which is going to be relatively small, the business with AWS, which I think will carry the bulk of this. And then any of the other players, and we're working with all of the other six hyper-scalers and these two system-level companies who are pursuing these businesses, which is to be cloud-based providers, they're likely to contribute, but not significantly this year, right? And that's – and as they come on and as the AWS potential deployment increases significantly, then that's what sort of enables us to grow beyond these numbers. But there's nothing in those tens of millions of dollars which sort of assumes huge design wins translating to revenue other than the ones that you're sort of aware of. And the Baidu one generally belongs in that other category. We're not counting on it yet for this – for our fiscal year 2018 numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, thanks for taking my question. And actually, if I could just follow up on what you just said, Moshe, on the Data Center. One, curious if you could just level-set us as to just how big that segment is in the June quarter. And then to your comments about the projects that you have, I'm just kind of curious if you can delineate between FPGA-as-a-Service with – so similar offerings to Amazon versus more direct deployments for internal use such as what Microsoft is doing.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: So those numbers are primarily driven by the Amazon, which is FPGA-as-a-Service. Now, FPGA-as-a-Service is a lot more difficult to do than an internal deployment, which has a very limited usage model. And I'm not implying that that's easy either, but that's a contained challenge. Our expectation is that the – when the benefits of FPGA-as-a-Service, which is an incredibly aggressive move by Amazon, when those start to manifest themselves, they could, in of themselves, lead some of these other players once they see the benefits of that to integrate All Programmable devices into their solutions. And whether they do it as a service or whether they do it to enable their existing business, both would benefit from that. But you're right, in the interim, it's the – FPGA-as-a-Service is the major driver short term. Now, we are working with all of these players on numerous options. And as you have numerous times pointed out, there's four categories of ways to skin the cat. And we believe that our way and the benefits of it are going to be clearer and more obvious over time. And we do expect to see the potential of that to being adopted in some of these other players for their core capability as opposed to just as a service solution. Hopefully, that answered your question, Blayne?
Operator: Okay. We have a follow-up question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Dr. Srivastava.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you for the extra effort, operator, for pronouncing my name correctly. I had a quick follow-up for Lorenzo. On the turns, seems like on a – if we just look on a yearly basis, we've gone from 50% to 42%, is there a structural change in the business? We – I say, "we grew up thinking PLDs, FPGAs were very high turns business, low visibility." Is this a structural change or reflective of the current condition we are in, i.e., visibility has extended maybe artificially because of some tightness in the supply chain?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So there's a couple of different things driving this. And I do think if you look back and just over the past year, you'll see a fairly big range in terms of the turns we've seen each quarter. A couple of things that – we are trying to get more orders in the book and make our quarters more predictable. Sometimes it just doesn't happen and customers don't make decisions based on our quarters. So, for the previous two quarters, we had a relatively high book; in the two quarters prior to that in FY 2017, we had a relatively low book. And in each of those cases, we managed to come pretty close to our guidance because we go through a couple layers of effort to understand what else is out there, what's likely to turn, where are consumers at in their decision process. So we've seen a range of turns. I think we evaluate that internally. We are trying to get the bookings earlier in the quarter. It helps us with our predictability and it helps actually with our accounts receivable at the end of the quarter. But we can't always get what we want in working with our customers, but we do the rigor in understanding where the business is – where we think the business is going to come from in any given quarter. So, I wouldn't say there's a structural change. I think we are working at obviously the whole optimization of our supply chain through time, but there will still be volatility.
Operator: Next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. You mentioned that you're going to be working with AWS over the next six months to optimize ease of use and performance. Is this ramp purely contingent on the customer ramp timeline at this point, or is there any update to your software, anything implementation related on your side that needs to be finalized first?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, it's a joint effort. The technology we have provided that to Amazon and being packaged by Amazon in a way where they have their own deliverables. We continue to – to the extent they need more help from us, we're very motivated to help them and it is our top priority for that. I would say that, in terms of anything profound from us, we've already delivered all of that. The big invention has been done, and now it's being handed over and needs to be productized in a way where Amazon feel comfortable with deploying it broadly. And of course, we'll provide what they need, but we don't know of anything which is a fundamental problem at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have a couple of related questions, I hope you don't mind. On AWS, and the first part is a clarification, to what extent is this based – the interface going to be solely SDAccel versus like a Vivado interface? That's the first one. The second one is, can you talk about what you view as the competitive environment with SDAccel? Are you picking up that your competitor has anything like this? And the third one, Moshe, I believe last earnings call, you mentioned that you were not quite – it was a bit of a surprise, correct me if I'm wrong, but it was a bit of a surprise that you learned kind of late that AWS was working on this. And I was wondering if you had a sense, if any, of the other super seven guys are kind of engaged on this FPGA-as-a-Service also? Thank you very much.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. So, three questions is normally one more than I can remember. So if I might ask you to step in. But the initial deployment, they started the deployment at the beginning of the year, and that was an internal deployment which was just accessible to their hardware design team. The GA, which was on April 19, was a Vivado-oriented deployment. And that again is targeted at customers who have traditional hardware design – designers. And the new one, which we expect to be rolled out over the next month or so, is the one which has SDAccel. So, you are right, the first one was Vivado. And now, the new one will be SDAccel, targeting software developers. With regard to the nine players who are targeting these markets, most of them are not looking at FPGA-as-a-Service and they're actually looking more at providing acceleration capabilities as part of their cloud-based footprint, but to enable their business as opposed to making a business of it. But having said that, there are quite a few who are looking at making a business of it, and I'm not at liberty of saying who is and who isn't. But obviously, Amazon is a tremendous homing beacon for quite a few of these. And some of them have announced capabilities but no one is anywhere close to where Amazon is in terms of the level of deployment. And then the middle question...
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Does the competitor have anything like SDAccel?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Does the competitor have anything like SDAccel? I'm sure they're convinced they do. But truth is that this is technology which, at the core, is some unique proprietary synthesis technology, which we believe we're the only people in the world that have that. So we believe that this sort of approach is maybe not limited to us, but we have, by far, the best, the highest likelihood of being successful there. That doesn't, to be totally honest, doesn't eliminate them as a competitor because they can try to address it in other ways, which are maybe more limited and maybe don't give the same benefits, but they can sort of try to do that. And I'm sure that that, to the extent that they're interested in pursuing it, that's the most likely way that they will, in which case we will have likely a very strong competitive advantage on that, too. And so that's the third of the three. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International: Yes, thanks for letting me ask a question, guys. I just wanted to make sure I understood the math to getting the 30% operating margin by the end of the fiscal year. So, for the current quarter, OpEx is, per guidance, $253 million, which is a little higher than what we are forecasting, but you're also forecasting gross margins to be better, too, I think, at 70%. So, I guess, should we assume that you hold OpEx here at that current level, in the $250-million-plus range? And I guess on slightly higher quarterly revenue, that's how you get to 30%, or is there other dynamics? Thanks a lot.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So what I tried to describe at our Analyst Day, Romit, was some of the general trends over the year that we were expecting. And on OpEx, we do expect to step, as we've said, this quarter, and then a little step next quarter from tape-out expenses and then have a leveling off or a decline. And concurrent with that, as you have anticipated, our revenue growth throughout the year, that would give us the result that we've been talking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, guys. Just taking a step back, I'm looking at the deep learning and AI on the Data Center side. If you look at the Comm & Data Center segment, are you still sticking with the 1% to 4% year-on-year growth given the trends in the wireless and the Data Center side for fiscal 2018, that is? Thanks.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. We don't see a reason to change those ranges. For all of the three components we provided two months ago, we believe that they'll end up in those ranges. Now, they probably won't all end up in the middle of the range, some will be higher, some will be lower. But we don't see a reason to modify the range at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys, congrats on a solid quarter. For Aerospace, it seems like that's being helped by strong passenger growth year-on-year right now. Do you see kind of a reacceleration in that business? And similarly, for Defense, there are – some believe there are kind of multiple new global defense cycles beginning. Do you agree with that or do you just kind of see this as steady as she goes?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, we – I would say, we are less dependent on passenger patterns primarily because – well, there's a few reasons. But, A, it's much broader than planes. We play in a lot of areas. And even when it gets to planes, they don't immediately change the number of planes they are building. That takes years to sort of put the infrastructure in place. So, what we are seeing is the latter element that you talked about, which is seeing across the board, not only in North America, but first of all, there's a bigger investment in Aerospace & Defense. And it appears to be just going in that direction. And the budgets are growing and as you know, there's sort of pressure from the U.S. administration on the Europeans to pay a larger portion of the NATO bills, and one of the ways of doing that is by buying more equipment. And I think we're seeing that across the board. And it's difficult for us to predict which way it's going to go, but it doesn't appear to be going away by any stretch.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Caso with Raymond James.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you. Just a question on gross margins, which in the guidance is a bit higher than what you indicated in the Analyst Day, what you've shown in the past couple of quarters. Is that mix related? If you could provide some explanation of that and what we should expect going forward. Is what you talked about at the Analyst Day still the right way to think about gross margins going forward?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. Again, I'll start with the end and then come back to this current quarter. We're still comfortable with the range that we provided for the year, which is 68% to 70%, we're not changing that as of now. For Q2, what you'll see, what we've talked about already, is relative weakness in wireless and relative strength in the Industrial and A&D segment for us, at which that mix shift tends to help our gross margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, thanks, guys. As I'm near the end, hopefully I can trade in one question for two quick clarifications. Lorenzo, I think you said that R&D or OpEx will be trending down towards the end of the fiscal year, is that true? And should be assume then that OpEx will be down on a year-over-year basis in fiscal 2019? And then, are there any more discrete tax items coming for the rest of the year that you anticipate?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: So, again, I'll kind of start in a different direction. We're not going to give FY 2019 guidance yet. And to clarify on what we said on OpEx for the year, we're showing a step-up this current quarter, primarily driven by R&D. We'll likely see a step-up in the next two quarters. Tape-outs will be a big driver of that, but we're also continuing to invest in supporting the business. And then we will see – we're likely to see a decline in the fourth quarter as – again, driven by tape-out expenses not happening. We get through of bulge of them by the third quarter. And like I said, we'll talk about FY 2019 sometime later. With respect to discrete items, one of the drivers that I pointed out in my remarks was how we are accounting for excess stock-based compensation. And that's driven by a difference in stock price, current stock price versus historic stock price, really. So we'll see some of that going forward. We haven't sized that yet and we can't size that yet until we actually go through the quarter and see what the stock price does.
Operator: Your next question comes from Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie Research.
Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. Hi, Moshe, how are you? Just a question, a clarification on the wireless segment, you said it's a little bit weaker in the short term. Could you give us a bit more color by, I guess, China and India, what you're seeing out there? And then you mentioned that 5G won't happen for a couple of years. And as we bounce around these levels for the next couple of years, what's the risk that you could see some ASIC conversions in the existing 4G business, given the maturity of that business?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: So, let me start with the ASIC conversions. To the extent that they are viable, they already have been done on 4G, right? That's sort of been in production for several years. And I would say you never take your eye off that, but I think most of the important ones with the people with that capacity probably have already happened. So I don't think there's a huge risk on 4G there. What I do think is going to happen is there's – this past quarter, the June quarter, there was a surge, a very significant surge on the wireless business. And the current quarter, the September quarter, we expect it to go down quite a bit. And I expect this sort of volatility to continue over the next few years until 2020, but I don't think that the average business is likely to go away because there are ongoing deployments and there is densification and a whole host of other things which we tend to see, and there's more global deployment still ahead of us there. So, on average, we expect it to remain this way. And, yes, indeed, India, which was growing very well, is taking a hiatus and China is currently not in a huge surge in terms of deployment, but we do think that some of these areas will start the pre-5G deployments, and that should help fill things in in addition to additional deployment of the older protocols.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Operator, I think we could...
Operator: Your next...
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: We'll take – this will be the last question, Sarah, if that's okay?
Operator: Okay. Yes, sir. Thank you. Your next question comes from Ruben Roy with MKM Partners.
Ruben Roy - MKM Partners LLC: Hi. Thanks for letting me ask a question at the end here. Moshe, you mentioned something when talking about AWS, it was interesting to me, you were saying that you're working arm in arm or shoulder to shoulder, I guess, with the engineers there. And as you spend more time on that specific program, are you – I'm wondering if the resources that Xilinx will need to support that type of customer and that type of program are different from traditional FPGA programs and applications. Have you gotten any sense that that might happen? And then longer term, as the service is actually being used outside of AWS by end users, does that change kind of your sales process where resource is required to support? I think that's it. Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes. So, generally speaking, I 100% agree with your observation. The challenge is how to do it and how to scale it. And one of the benefits we have is the model which can scale to thousands of customers very effectively. And so what we're doing is – this is being done through a combination of elements. If for every new deployment we'd need to add additional resource, it would not be particularly attractive. Clearly, the level of investment on the Amazon side is a huge one, but that is a singular point. It's about as complex as it can get. And that's why we're so excited because we figure out, if we can make them successful, then this technology and the SDAccel, and there's a whole host of other things that have been in put in place, are going to be applicable to the breadth of our customers and should enable us to support the business and continue to leverage the resources we have. And so the answer is it's a combination of things, it's a transition we've been going through for several years. The Amazon is the ultimate in terms of what they are trying to achieve. It's a very different support infrastructure, it's one which is built through collaborative interaction on the Web, and we're figuring out how to support that. But once we have that in place, it should scale for our other customers, and I don't think – the best we can tell, it doesn't change our business model. But we need to constantly make sure that we address this to facilitate that more efficient support infrastructure.
Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific Time, 8:00 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 will be Wednesday, October 25 after the market close. We'll be attending the following conferences this quarter. The Pacific Crest Global Technology Forum on August 7, the Jefferies Semiconductor, Hardware and Communication Infrastructure Summit in Chicago in August 29, and the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York City on September 7. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc. Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc. Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.
Analysts: Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC John N. Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Hans C. Mosesmann - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc. Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian and I'll be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO, and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Rick. Sales in the March quarter increased for the sixth consecutive quarter to $609 million, up 4% sequentially and up 7% on a year-over-year basis. Growth was driven by our Advanced Products, which increased 9% sequentially to a new record. Gross margin was 69.5%, at the high end of our guidance, due primarily to favorable end market mix. Operating expense was $250 million. This was $6 million higher than guided as we accelerated some 16-nanometer tape-out expenses to extend our technology leadership and add some increased litigation expense. Operating income for the quarter increased 6% sequentially to $173 million or 28.5%. Other income and expense was an expense of $2.2 million, better than guided due primarily to investment gains. Tax rate was 10% for the quarter due to discrete item. Our net income for Q4 was $153 million or $0.57 per share. We are pleased to have delivered on our financial plan in fiscal 2017. We met our target of 6% revenue growth, driven by a 45% increase in Advanced Products, and operating margin was 30% for the year. This profitability led to the generation of a record $934 million in operating cash flow. Finally, our EPS was $2.32 for the year, a 13% increase over FY 2016. Now, some key points on the balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $3.4 billion in gross cash and $2 billion in net cash after our debt. Accounts receivables decreased by nearly $100 million, as we collected last quarter's higher than normal receivables balance. Inventory was $227 million, up $21 million from the prior quarter, with nearly all the increase coming from our Advanced Products. Operating cash flow was $306 million for the quarter. In the quarter, we paid $82 million in dividends, and we repurchased 1.8 million shares for $108 million, an average price of $58.45. We ended the quarter with diluted shares at 267 million, which included the impact of 15 million shares from the convertible and the warrant associated with it. For a complete explanation of the impact of these instruments on share count, please refer to our convertible FAQ on our Investor Relations website. As we have discussed, capital allocation remains a top priority for the company. This year, we returned $855 million to shareholders through $333 million of dividends and $522 million of share repurchases. This total capital return is $90 million more than we returned to shareholders in the prior year. Our board recently authorized an increase to our dividend for the 12th consecutive year. We continue to execute on our share repurchase program with the intention of exhausting our $1 billion authorization over the next several quarters. We currently have $680 million left on that authorization. Now to guidance. In the June quarter, we are expecting sales to be between $600 million and $630 million. Our backlog is up heading into the quarter, and we are expecting continued growth in our Advanced Products. On end markets, we expect the communications category to be up, industrial and A&D categories is expected to be flat sequentially. And, lastly, broadcast, consumer and automotive is expected to be slightly down. Our gross margin will be approximately 68% to 70%. We expect operating expense to decline to approximately $242 million, including $1 million of amortization. Other income will be $1 million. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be between 12% and 15%. We will provide full year FY 2018 guidance at our upcoming Analyst Meeting in New York City on May 22. We look forward to seeing you all at that meeting. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Lorenzo. I am extremely pleased with our March quarter financial results. Sales increased 4% sequentially to $609 million, marking the sixth consecutive growth quarter. Gross margin was at the high end of our range. The combination of higher sales and higher gross margin drove our strong operating profit growth. We continue to benefit from our diversified multimarket portfolio. Five of our eight end markets increased in the quarter. The automotive and test measurement and emulation markets drove the largest incremental sales increases, and both delivered new record revenue levels. Overall, revenue growth continues to be driven by our Advanced Products, which increased 9% on a sequential basis and 45% overall on an annual basis. This category now comprises 49% overall of our revenue. 28-nanometer product family very significantly surpassed $200 million in the quarter, setting by far a very significant PLD industry record. 20-nanometer generated $60 million in sales, driven by a very broad base of markets. 16-nanometer sales grew significantly in the March quarter to a new record, significantly exceeding our forecast with sales from all of our end markets. Our Zynq SoC platform, which includes both our 28-nanometer and 16-nanometer product offerings, increased nearly 20% sequentially and now represents more than 10% of our overall revenue. One of our key 16-nanometer customers is Amazon Web Services. Just last week, AWS announced the general availability of our FPGAs for cloud-based acceleration. Our world-class silicon technology, coupled with our optimized software tools, allow AWS to offer optimizable and programmable hardware acceleration to their users. I'm very excited by this because this has the potential to create a new disruptive business model for our technology, where the flexibility of the programmable logic is an inherent benefit over fixed-function ASICs, thereby expanding our reach into a much broader set of customers and applications. More broadly, our investment and exceptional execution at the 16-nanometer node has extended our competitive lead to approximately 18 months. We are now shipping 14 unique products to more than 450 discrete customers. This represents a substantial increase from last quarter, where we shipped 12 unique products to 300 customers. Additionally, we recently announced a major expansion of the 16-nanometer portfolio with our All Programmable RF SoC product family. This is a disruptive integration and architectural breakthrough to 5G wireless with RF class analog technology. This family provides 50% to 75% power and dramatic footprint reduction, 5G, cable and wireless backhaul applications. Lorenzo mentioned we're extremely pleased that we delivered on our commitment of 6% revenue growth for fiscal year 2017. We remain committed to delivering to our longer-term operating margin target of 30% plus. Our June quarterly guidance of $600 million to $630 million will again be driven from broad-based growth in our Advanced Products portfolio. As I mentioned before, this is already 49% of our current business, and hence helps drive our overall revenue forward. I look forward to sharing more details on fiscal year 2018 with you at our Analyst Meeting on May 22 in New York. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Our first question is from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much. And, Lorenzo, good to see the accounts receivable come down. That had caused a lot of consternation last quarter. Moshe, I had a question on inferencing. And I know that the investment case for Xilinx is not just on AI and machine learning, but there has been a lot of talk about it and you guys are showing up as well in the inferencing market. So my question is, help us understand some of the benchmarks. And I don't expect you to get into a blog fest with the existing or potential customer, but Google put out a TPU specs against the GPU against the CPU. Where do the FPGAs stack up? Latency, throughput, anything you are willing and able to share will be very helpful. Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Well, I'll do my best. But realistically, we're going to provide a lot more information on this topic on May 22. So I encourage you to look for more detail then. But generally speaking, first and foremost, the most valuable element we have is actually in the flexibility, and that is inherent to the programmable logic, and that is something which is very, very, very difficult to provide in an ASIC. And similarly, it's quite difficult to provide in a similar way at least using a CPU and a GPU. And the importance of flexibility is that even though it sort of sounds like machine learning and inferencing and all of that, we are into the 70th year of hearing about it. Reality is it's an emerging technology with very broad applicability where the benchmarks are very dynamic and the ones which are important today are going to be likely totally useless two or three years from now. And the biggest benefit we have is the fact that our devices can be programmed to match the new payloads and new algorithms, right. Now, so that's sort of the generic thing, and I think everyone sort of misses that, and that's why I'm starting with this long semi-diatribe on this issue because that sort of is something that I think the market underestimates the inherent advantage we have there. Now, if you sort of look at a specific set of applications, generally speaking, on things which do not require floating point, we tend to have higher performance and lower power than all other options. Now, if you take one fixed application and you target a dedicated ASIC to it, yes, I'm sure they can do better, but then if anything changes then that ASIC all of a sudden becomes a lot less attractive on the new application, whereas the programmable logic can be modified to adapt to that. And so generally speaking, we have much better performance than CPUs and GPUs for everything except floating point for each application and we have performance which is generally on par to a fixed but actually the biggest benefit is in the flexibility of our products and the fact they can be adapted. With regards to specific benchmarks we can share the numbers we have with you, and we would be happy to do that. And this is one of the reasons that we're so excited about this market. And if you sort of look at Amazon in addition to the inherent technology advantage we provide, it actually provides us with a perfect conduit to a very broad set of new customers. So both in terms of technology and access to the technology, this is a tremendous benefit for us. And we'll talk a little more about that too. I think I've overstayed my welcome on this.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc.: John?
Operator: John, your line is open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Can you guys hear me now?
Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Moshe?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Yes, we can hear you.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Congratulations on the strong results. I guess, Moshe, my question is pretty simple. Up until about two or three months ago, a lot of our field work was suggesting that, while FPGAs were a great architecture for accelerators in the data center, there were still a lot of software compatibility issues. And I guess we've been fairly impressed over the last three or four months how quickly some of those software issues, programmable issues, have been resolved. So I guess my question to you is, relative to three or even six months ago, how is the acceleration opportunity today versus then? At last year's Analyst Day, I think you talked about $250 million of potential incremental revenue by 2020. I wonder if you'd just give us a sense of whether or not relative to those expectations the acceleration market is actually accelerating? And I apologize for the pun.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. So you're right. Last year, at our Analyst Day, we projected it to be between $200 million to 300 million in the calendar year 2020 timeframe. At the time we gave those projections, we were aware of the engagement with Amazon, but we were unaware of what they were planning on doing with it. And so for us, we have lots of customers. And actually all of the big hyperscalers are customers, but they don't always initially share what their plans are. What has happened over the past year, and in particular with Amazon, and that became clear only at the tail end of the calendar year, so I think it was November at the very earliest that we sort of found out what it is that they wanted to do. We also detected that in order to make them successful, we needed to prioritize the software environment, which was something we were working on, but was probably at least a year away. We identified that that needed to be raised in terms of priority, and a lot of resource was put in place. Now, they've moved very, very quickly. We have been delighted to support them with their very significant requirements, and at the beginning of the calendar year, they actually opened it up to limited release, and the limited release enabled FPGA experts to access the technology. So the technology became available in the cloud, but it was available to a limited set of customers. And when they announced general availability, then that's a much broader set of customers. So the change is that Amazon has now legitimized this, is putting it in the cloud. The software, which was clearly a handicap we had, we have invested very heavily and now the results the customers are seeing are very positive, and there's a follow-up release less than a month from now which will even broaden the target customer base even more significantly than it does. Now, the underlying question is how much can this do for revenue, and I think it's still too early to predict that. Clearly, the potential is there for it either to be larger or for it to happen a little earlier. It's still unlikely to impact the next 18 months in a significant way, but it is possible that by 2020, if this goes well, that the market could be larger than what we said, and this is for our technology, or it could maybe happen faster in 2019. But what we're really trying to do is, we don't want to sort of generate any short-term frostiness because there really is not the proof in terms of deployment to justify that. There is the potential of that happening in a little further-out timeframe than what I think most people are looking at. And so there is goodness and there is goodness in the technology. There is goodness in the opportunity, and there is definitely tremendous potential with Amazon putting this up in the cloud and making it available to everyone broadly. And they were very clear. You can look at their blog. They sort of said this is initially being deployed in one location. If that is successful, then the implication there is that there could be significant deployment in other locations, which in of itself would be an accelerator or a potential enhancer of the business. But that first deployment needs to be successful. And obviously both Amazon and Xilinx are working hand in hand to do the best we can to support it.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Tristan Gerra from Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. Similar question in the ADAS business. How should we look at this business medium term for Xilinx? You've mentioned a high 20s market share in the past. Do you think that there is a trend where FPGAs can actually gain share against ASIC in that market? And we know the product cycles are very long. And is programmability as critical as it is in the other market that you just discussed?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, the programmability and the flexibility is valuable in this market, because this again is a market which is in flux. It is changing rapidly. What we are now deployed in is ADAS. We have a lot of design wins in advanced ADAS. Those put us in a good position to transition into the automated or autonomous driving over time. We think that this is a process which, until it really becomes mainstream and very, very broadly deployed, it has a 10 to a 15-year horizon until that sort of happens. And at that point in time, it wouldn't surprise me if it becomes significantly commoditized. But until it gets to that point, we do believe that the programmability is a major asset that we have. And this is a market we identified early, and we think that for the next two generations of deployments over the next five to seven years, we're in a very good position. And our market share should grow a lot of the growth this current quarter in our automotive numbers, which hit a new record were due to a surge in ADAS. And we'll give more data with regards to our overall practical businesses in May, but you can be sure that automotive is likely to be the highest growing or amongst the highest growing markets for our next year projections. Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. I wanted to ask about the Zynq being over 10% of revenues. I was kind of excited about that. Can you just talk a little bit about what the drivers are? And you've talked about the number of design wins that you have in Zynq, the mountain of design wins, I think you've referred to it as. Where are we in terms of monetizing that and how much do you think, how long do you think that you can grow at the rate that you have been in that Zynq product?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, if you look at the Zynq products offering, it was introduced at the tail end of our 28-nanometer, so I believe the first tape-out was at the end of 2011 for Zynq. And then silicon was probably available a year later, and we got a lot of design wins in three initial markets which it was targeted at were wireless, and it was won a lot of business in wireless. Actually it's at the core of our wireless strategy. Most of the deployment that you're seeing now in wireless at Xilinx or a lot of it is Zynq-based. Second area, and this was a major driver for the definition of the product, was automotive, and that's a market that takes quite a bit longer, but is now hitting its stride. And the third is industrial control, and that's where we have the proverbial mountain of design wins, which are now starting to turn to revenue, and that's just a function of how long it takes. What we're seeing in parallel is a second generation Zynq that was targeted at the high and mid range of the market at 16-nanometer, but what we've done is we've since taken the 28 nanometer and expanded it down to lower-end devices. So, you can tell from that that we expect it to be a big driver going forward and at 7-nanometer it's going to be part and parcel of a broad deployment in our technology, because we believe that at that point, 7-nanometer, it's going to be an integration play. And nearly all of our customers will use the high-performance multi-CPU cores, which are part of that in their technology. So, if you sort of look at it, it's grown from 0% to 10% of our business. And my expectation is that it can grow from 10% to 20% much faster than it took to grow to 10%. And maybe we'll try and quantify how much faster, but it's now no longer a new wonder. And just the repeat business that we can get in of itself should be a major driver in addition to the expansion that we have. And if you go far enough into the future, it's likely that close to 100% of our business over time will be driven by the Zynq product offering. But that's probably 10 years out. That's probably not now.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of C.G. (sic) [C.J.] (27:23) Muse from Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess the question here is you guided comm and data center up sequentially. Curious if you could talk about what you've embedded in the guide for incremental growth from the data center. And then as a quick housekeeping question, if you could offer your outlook for share count for the June quarter. Thanks so much.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. So two things. So I might frustrate you by not being very precise. But in the comms, we do show data center. We do expect data center to grow meaningfully. And again that's in the context of some of our older data center business not growing as much as we would like. And in certain cases, our design wins that we've had were slowing down. So we do think that, in summary, that the data center growth, which is part of the overall comms growth, all the end other markets in the comms area we expect to be growing as well, but the data center growth will be driven by hyperscale. Then with regard to share count, so I haven't been providing detailed share count guidance for the past couple of quarters for a couple reasons. One is I don't want to kind of signal exactly what we're doing on our buyback. And the second part is, the complexity of the convert and its impact on our diluted share count is hard to describe briefly. So I would though recommend you, CJ, go to our website. We're going to update what we expect to be the impact on diluted share count from the redemption of the convert in this quarter. Like I said, it's fairly complex, but we've tried to make it understandable. And you will see that it will have a significant impact in this current fiscal quarter, and then because of the way the accounting is done for the share count, it will actually even translate to a further reduction in the next quarter. So I mean, I will actually, I'm happy to take a follow-up if there's something specifically you were looking for, but I'm not going to give you a precise share count guide.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: No, that's very helpful. Thanks so much.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Vinh from Pacific Crest.
John N. Vinh - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Question on 5G. I think you guys have talked about your 5G trial win rate at roughly 9% plus. Also if you think about 5G as versus 4G, you've got a 3x to 5x increase in radio heads, which is an area that you historically have done extremely well. And you've also announced the RF SoC, which gives you an opportunity to expand your footprint because it integrates additional discretes. So, I was wondering if you could just put into context, how do we think about the 5G opportunity versus 4G. Right, and conceptually it sounds like a very sizable opportunity, but I'm just wondering if you could also just talk about what are the other offsets that we should be thinking about.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. So great questions, actually. There's a whole series of very detailed questions. So we will try and give you more clarity on that in May, but let me give you Reader's Digest. The broad deployment of 5G is expected to start in earnest in 2020 and we believe we're going to have a very good position there based on the design wins we have. It is indeed quite likely that at least on the radio head side there will be a larger number than was done, you know, than were deployed in 4G. And fundamentally 5G is going to be essential in terms of enabling the infrastructure or a whole host of things which are extremely visible today, like this entire industrial IoT. To do that well, the 5G technology is going to be a key enabler there. So we absolutely agree that the potential is larger. Our technology position is very strong. We think that between now and 2020, there is going to be ongoing deployment for 4G, including there is going to be additional rounds even in China, which is now the tail end of I think the fifth round of LTE deployment. And they will do a sixth round that is expected to be about two-thirds of the size of the fifth round, but that's still a very significant number. India is going strong, and there is other countries in the world where there is deployment. So if you look at the overall wireless business, we expect it to hover around the mid-point of, for us, our high was close to $150 million a quarter. Our low was $75 million. We expect to hover around the midpoint over the next few years on average until the 5G starts in earnest. Our technology position makes us very confident that during these next two years, all of the pre-5G deployment is likely to benefit us. And then when the real thing starts, then that's when you could see it approaching or maybe even surpassing the previous levels. But that's a few years away in terms of hitting over $150 million per quarter. We don't see that happening any time soon. Hope that answers your question, and we'll try and give more visibility into that in May.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of William Stein from SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Moshe, I'm wondering, as we head into the Analyst Day, in order to prepare for it, what should we be thinking about sort of the puts and takes that could take your top line above or below this year's roughly 6% growth?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, we'll give you an annual projection. And we're delighted that we have, if you look at one year, we have 100% hit rate in terms of hitting that number. If you look back more than one year, we have a very low hit rate. And we're very proud of actually delivering the 6% on the nose and actually just exceeding that. But we will provide you with guidance. I think the thing that gets overlooked and despite the fact that we emphasize it again and again and again is, we benefit immensely from the multimarket portion, and that sort of provides us with a lot less volatility than most other players. And what we'll try to do is to highlight which of these markets are likely to, or have the potential of doing better, which are just likely to hit the natural growth rate and which some of them, for better or for worse are below the growth rate. And we'll sort of highlight those, but there are sort of eight disparate markets and they all tend to have somewhat different dynamics. The ones which get the sexiest and get the most air time are data center and automotive, but we're actually doing very well on A&D. We're doing very well on test and measurement. We've done better than most other semiconductor or all other semiconductor companies on wireless, in a time where the wireless industry has not done well. So, I think the under-appreciated part is the multimarket portion. And if I have a request is that you'll come with some openness with regards to hearing about the other markets, even if they're less, have less curb appeal than the ones everyone is talking about.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: That was a very artfully phrased question, too. Good for that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Wong from Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Can you give us some idea of what you expect 16-nanometer revenues might be in the current fiscal year, fiscal 2018?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: We will give you guidelines for that in May. It's too early, but it's done great, and a lot of that is driven by the Amazon deployment, but it's not all of it. There's actually, you can just tell from the number of customers in the number of markets we're in that it's doing better. It's actually getting deployed faster than any other technology we have seen in the past and we're also benefiting from a very favorable competitive position.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And for my follow-up, can you give us any idea of whether you're seeing any pickup in defense, in sales into the defense segment?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, there was a nice pickup this quarter.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: It's generally been on an upward trend as design wins that we have, one in our 28-nanometer generation ramp in. As you know, in defense, it's a very, very long-tailed business. So at any point one time, we have multiple generations, multiple of our product generations being sold into the industry. So given our competitive position and strength of design wins and our continued design wins in large opportunities like Joint Strike Fighter, we feel very good about the business.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: It's already the third largest.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Largest business.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Market we're in, and it's not that far away from wired and wireless. Smaller than wired and wireless, but it's approaching those numbers.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to circle back to the AWS announcement, just kind of the concept of FPGAs as a service, or available in the cloud. And kind of what size of consumers do you think would use this, whether you'd see any larger scale customers deploy it, or is this more for smaller? And then you can you just talk about competitive landscape there, if you expect you'd be the only offering or if you would see any from Altera as well?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: So there's seven big players, and we are talking to all seven of them. The one which has the largest existing deployment is Microsoft, and that is using the Intel slash Altera for that. We believe we have a product which is so much better than that, that obviously that is at the core of our success with all of the players. With regards to the breadth of the usage, the beauty of this is, in particular in the Amazon case, is that this enables a broad new set of applications to evolve in a way which the traditional way of pursuing the business was just not capable of doing. And it is inherent to the Amazon model that they don't actually know themselves yet, because they don't have the end system expertise. They're not experts in all of these areas. What they do and what they are experts at monetizing is making it easy to use and making it available and then enabling an amazing ecosystem where the players use it. And what we are seeing and just they talked about thousands of customers applying from the very first minute, several hundreds getting access during the limited release and then being open to the potentially thousands of customers in the general availability. Our expectation is as this unfolds, and that's why we're being cagey on providing numbers, right. That's sort of what we're trying to – we believe this could have a viral impact and not only would it be used in a public cloud sort of applications like Amazon, but when people start seeing the benefits of that, they'll just think that even for their specific applications, they could see huge improvements. And as this transition is happening into a world where machine learning is becoming broadly used for a whole host of applications, that these sort of open up and hence there's huge potential there. Also, that's the reason that we are loath to try to quantify it yet. But yet, all of this change is quite a monumental one in terms of accessibility, in terms of ease of use, and the breadth of the benefits and the benefit of the programmability, because there are some misguided notions that an ASIC by definition is better than an FPGA. This is the one set of applications which an ASIC, due to the fact that it takes years to design and it's very rigid, you could do a wonderful job designing absolutely the wrong ASIC, and then deploy it at a time where the market has changed, whereas if you use programmable logic, you can change it in situ, in live applications and it can adapt to these new applications and benchmarks, so hence the benefits. The other benefit is that a lot of these applications, in particular on the inference side tend to have more of a integer nature to them as opposed to the traditional floating point applications. And as a result, and it's sometimes it's a flexible integer format that they use, and there is nothing more flexible or better than programmable logic in terms of doing that. So I know I haven't quite answered your question, but I think that's the potential. Lorenzo, also?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. So I think an element of your question, Blayne, was maybe related to whether the applications on AWS are kind of nichy or small or whether there's some big entities using it. And the launch partners range obviously from some smaller entities to some very large entities, and they're doing a range of applications that are fundamental to each of the companies in the core businesses. So I do think the scaling opportunity is there and very well represented.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just one near-term question. The guidance for the June quarter for industrial, aerospace and defense being flat and then down in the broadcast, consumer and auto segment, could you give a little bit more color about the moving parts in that? And then maybe a slightly longer-term aspect of it, I know you said that automotive would be a fast grower, and you'll give us more details at the Analyst Meeting in May. But the other part of that equation, the broadcast and consumer, has been a bit of a headwind for a couple of years. So I just wondered what the trajectory of that might be over the course of the year. Thanks.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. So the industrial A&D softness is due to program-specific things in defense primarily. The rest of the business areas are relatively going to be flat relatively quarter on quarter. In the automotive, consumer, broadcast space, as we've mentioned in this call already, we've set a record in automotive. And if you go back a quarter, we talked about kind of a low based on some inventory things. So we're going to see a little bit of dip in automotive. And by the way, though we expect a longer-term trend upward based on the strength of our ADAS design wins, we won't be surprised by some quarterly fluctuations. But underneath that, the ADAS business is very strong. It's just kind of a quarterly correction and the rest of the end markets in that segment are flat. We will probably talk a little bit more in May about longer-term trends in audio/video broadcast, but you're right, the industry is facing some headwinds, and we are feeling those as well.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Hans Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Securities.
Hans C. Mosesmann - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Hey, Moshe, can you give us your feel for your roadmap as you go from 2016 to 2017 and beyond in terms of process technology? And that is in the context of the update that Intel gave the Street a few weeks ago regarding their roadmap and their density advantages. Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: Well, we're delighted to be with TSMC. It's one of the best decisions I've ever made. Maybe professionally, it's the best decision I've ever made. We don't regret it for one minute. They are great. You know, look at everyone who has tried someone else, including Intel. Great company, great manufacturing technology, great CPU provider. The foundry business is a service business. It requires technology leadership. It requires support. It requires an ecosystem. TSMC is second to none, absolutely second to none. I mean, that's sort of really not something I worry about and I'm not in any way understating Intel's capabilities. I'm just sort of saying, as a foundry, I think we're absolutely with the right foundry. What we now uniquely benefit from is, they have such a huge portion of business which comes to them from the wireless smartphones, which in a very, very short period of time enables them to get to incredible defect densities. If you can their investment in capacity, they have for several years now invested $10 billion every year. In terms of access to technology and support technology, in terms of addressing fluctuations, in terms of requirements, they really are best-in-breed. So yes, Intel is great, has great manufacturing capacity. TSMC is by far the best foundry in the business, and they didn't get to having $30 billion worth of foundry business without that sort of excellence. So I'm not at all concerned about access to leading-edge technology. I believe that TSMC can provide us with that and has in the past, is now. If you remember, there was a huge excitement when Altera initially committed to Intel, and the common wisdom would be that they're two years ahead of us. I would say now they're comfortably, and this comes from customers, 18 months behind us. Right. So, we will continue to pursue TSMC and benefit from that relationship.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey thanks, guys. Nice job of bringing the OpEx down. Can you just talk about OpEx trends after this quarter? Do you expect it to be at the same percentage of revenues or go up or can you take it down even more?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: Chris, we'll, like all the other questions that relate to longer-term views on the business, we'll talk about that more in our Analyst Meeting.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: But we are committed to, in the longer term, to get back to 30%.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Xilinx, Inc.: 30%.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - Xilinx, Inc.: And higher, right? So, it will hopefully continue moving in the right direction and we'll give more granularity to that in May.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further audio questions. Presenters, I turn it back to you.
Rick Muscha - Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 will be Wednesday, July 26, after the market close. We'll be hosting our Analyst Meeting in New York City on May 22. We definitely look forward to seeing you there. In addition, we'll be attending the BofA Global Tech Conference on June 7 in San Francisco. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, once again, we appreciate you participating in today's fourth quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings release call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations Moshe Gavrielov - President and Chief Executive Officer Lorenzo Flores - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets C.J. Muse - Evercore Tristan Gerra - Baird Steve Smigie - Raymond James Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Philip Lee - Citi John Pitzer - Credit Suisse William Stein - SunTrust Chris Rolland - Susquehanna International Group
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kelly and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the December quarter and then we will open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Rick and good afternoon everyone. In the December quarter, Xilinx’s sales were $586 million, up 1% sequentially and up 3% on a year-over-year basis. Our sales for the first three quarters of the fiscal year are up 6% compared to the same period of the prior year. Growth was driven by our advanced products, which increased 2% sequentially and reached a new record. For the first three quarters of the fiscal year, advanced products have grown nearly 50% compared to the same period of the prior year. In the December quarter, sales from our 28-nanometer Zynq family, our 20-nanometer family and our 16-nanometer family also passed our targets and reached new records with Zynq approaching 10% of total sales. Total 28-nanometer was approximately flat overall. From an end market perspective, the largest sequential gains during the quarter were driven by communications with Industrial and A&D up slightly and Broadcast, Consumer & Automotive down. Profitability remained strong during the quarter as both gross margin and expenses were slightly better than guided. Gross margin in Q3 was 69.6%, slightly better than guided as we continue to benefit from our focus on operational efficiencies. Operating expense was $244 million, $1 million lower than guided. Recall that the primary driver of the increase in our R&D investment from the prior quarter was for 16-nanometer tape-outs as we continue to accelerate our technology leadership and brought in our product portfolio. Moshe will discuss how this R&D investment is beginning to pay off. Operating income for the quarter was $163 million or 27.8%. Other income and expense was an expense of $392,000, lower than guided due primarily to an investment distribution. Our tax rate was 13% for the quarter, better than guided due to several small discrete items. Our net income for Q3 was $142 million or $0.52 per share. Some key points on the balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $3.4 billion in gross cash and $1.8 billion net cash after our debt. Accounts receivable ended the quarter up $113 million at $341 million. This relatively high level of receivables was caused by the pattern of shipments and collections in the quarter and we see no collectibility issues. Inventory was $206 million, up $9 million from the prior quarter and up $10 million from the same quarter a year ago. Operating cash flow was $106 million and was impacted by accounts receivable, as I just discussed. We expect operating cash flow to improve significantly next quarter as we normalize accounts receivable. In the quarter, we paid $83 million in dividends and we repurchased 3.9 million shares for $214 million, an average price of $54.72. For the first three quarters of the fiscal year, we have returned $665 million to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. This is more than 100% of the operating cash we have generated over the same period. We ended the quarter with diluted shares of 271 million, which included 16.9 million shares from the convertible. A further comment on the convertible. In December, we received conversion notices for $140 million of the $600 million convertible notes consistent with the term of the notes. These conversions will be settled this quarter. Our expectations based on the current range of share prices, is that this will reduce diluted shares by 2 million to 2.5 million. As we have discussed, capital allocation remains a top priority for the company. We continue to invest in our business to capitalize on our leadership position and we will return capital to our shareholders with a commitment to an increasing dividend over time and through share repurchases. We continue to execute the more deliberate approach to share repurchase I discussed last quarter with the intention of exhausting our $1 billion authorization over the next several quarters. As I turn to guidance, I would like to once again refresh the key points of our annual guidance from our Analyst Day in May. At the Analyst Day, we said we expected revenue growth to be between 4% and 8%, our gross margin to be between 68% and 70%, and our operating expense to be between $930 million and $950 million. Our performance through the first three quarters of the year and our guidance for Q4 indicate that we are on track to the guidance provided at our Analyst Meeting. In the March quarter, we are expecting sales to increase to $590 million to $620 million, which would put at the center of the revenue guidance provided at our Analyst Meeting. Our backlog is up heading into the quarter and advanced products will continue to grow, delivering new records for sales of our 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer products. On end markets, we expect communications to be down slightly with declines from wireless offsetting growth from wired. Industrial and A&D is expected to increase with all three secondary markets, flat to up. Lastly, Broadcast, Consumer and Automotive is expected to increase driven by a significant increase in advanced driver assistance systems. Our gross margin will be approximately 68% to 70%. For operating expense, we continue to invest in accelerating our leadership position and we expect operating expense to be approximately flat at $244 million. Our operating expense outlook includes $1 million of amortization. Other income and expense will be an expense of $4 million. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be 14%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Lorenzo. I am very pleased with the financial results of the third quarter. We delivered our fifth consecutive revenue growth quarter. Revenue reached its highest level in nearly 2 years while delivering better-than-expected profitability. We continue to benefit from our diversified, multi-market strategy and technology leadership portfolio. In the December quarter, wireless rebounded significantly, largely driven by 4G business in China and India as well as pre-5G deployment. Sales also increased in A&D and ISM, more than offsetting declines in other end markets. Overall, revenue growth continues to be driven by our advanced products. For the first 9 months of fiscal year ‘17, advanced products were up nearly 50% versus the prior year period. We anticipate our advanced products will again grow significantly in the March quarter and set a new sales record. This momentum in our advanced products is fueling our confidence in meeting the midpoint – the revenue growth forecast 4% to 8% we provided at last year’s Analyst Meeting. Sales from our 28-nanometer Zynq product family, the industry’s first All Programmable SoC, increased by nearly 20% led by growth in wireless communications and ADAS applications. Our overall 28-nanometer revenue, including Zynq, is expected to increase in the March quarter, set a new record driven by broad end market deployment. 20-nanometer revenue again reached a record level, significantly exceeding our $50 million target. We expect to ship over $60 million of 20-nanometer products in the March quarter, setting a new record. 60-nanometer sales grew significantly in the December quarter to a new record, exceeding our forecast while shipping to multiple end markets, including automotive, data center and communications. We expect 60-nanometer sales to increase again in the March quarter, set a record as broad based customer adoption continues to accelerate. Our decision to increase our fiscal year 2017 R&D investment to both capitalize on our technology leadership and expand our product portfolio continues to pay off. After reaching critical production milestone that extended our 60-nanometer competitive lead to well over a year, we have accelerated our production tape-outs of this node and are currently shipping 12 unique products to over 300 active customers. We announced the expansion of our 60-nanometer portfolio with devices that integrate high bandwidth memory and CCIX technology. This product family is architected to support performance intensive applications, such as compute acceleration in the data center, high data rate, Ethernet connectivity, 8K video and radar systems. Last quarter, these expanded R&D investments helped us to further develop the market potential for data center acceleration. Xilinx introduced the reconfigurable acceleration stack with a goal to enable mainstream adoption of our FPGAs for accelerated machine learning, video transcoding and big data analytics. Amazon Web Services recently announced they are deploying our 60-nanometer UltraScale+ FPGAs in the cloud. This has the potential to create a new disruptive business model for our technology and expand the reach to a very broad set of enterprise customers. We continue to invest in data center market development, anticipating the longer-term horizon for revenue returns. The $590 million to $620 million sequential revenue guidance driven from significant growth in our advanced products will manifest itself in many of our end markets, including wired communications, data center, automotive, ISM, A&D, consumer and broadcast. This broad based growth underscores the strength of our diversified, multi-market portfolio. We now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you so much. I had a question on the broadcast, consumer and auto being down sequentially quite a bit and I guess the ADAS business within that is obviously doing very well, can you just kind of put in context kind of what are the puts and takes in that business and is there something anomalous about the decline that you saw in the December quarter?
Lorenzo Flores: So I don’t think there is anything anomalous in the decline, Joe. I think the issues we had, some inventory positioning on the part of some of our key customers in ADAS. We still see strength in all of the design wins that we have talked about and all the – on all of the end markets – I am sorry, end manufacturer models that we have talked about before, so we don’t have any concerns over that. And as Moshe described, we expect to see a very strong rebound in automotive driven by ADAS in the fourth quarter. A large part of the decline, as we have been talking about before, has been in the infotainment business as well. So we are not concerned.
Joe Moore: Okay, great. Thank you. And I guess maybe following-up just on that business, can you talk about – there is infotainment headwinds, are there other headwinds to understand and when you have talked about pretty strong growth in ADAS, should we see that result in much higher revenue growth in this segment in the next 12 months or are there offsets to that?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, if you go back 1 year or 2 years, infotainment was by far the largest portion of the business. And over the last 2 years, ADAS has grown and infotainment has shrunk. Now, ADAS is by far the largest portion of the business and it generally speaking, continues to grow at a faster rate. So we expect our automotive business to be one of the growth drivers over the next year for sure and see overall growth in automotive in fiscal year 2018 versus fiscal year 2017.
Lorenzo Flores: I think we have discussed before Joe that the breadth of our design wins and we are at a point where it’s the take rate of the option packages that will help determine the growth of our business there.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thanks so much.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you. Moshe, I had a question on OpEx and really not looking for the guide, but really the framework of how should we think about what are you and Lorenzo looking at as we look at the next fiscal year, because last year you negatively surprised everybody, but then you articulated why you are doing it and then since then you have kind of shown to us why and you gave some good metrics today. So how should we think about how you are thinking about what you and Lorenzo are looking at over the next quarter or two quarters. And then my quick follow-up for you Lorenzo, accounts receivable are up a lot and you said it should normalize back in the quarter, did I get that correct that there will be a big delta on a positive side for CFO?
Lorenzo Flores: Thanks. So the quick answer is yes. And I will let Moshe answer the bigger picture framework question and I will probably add in at some point.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So we will be giving guidance for next year, some initial guidance at the next earnings release and obviously full guidance in May when we have our Investor/Analyst Day in New York City. But generally speaking, if you look at what we had committed to do, we had said that we are investing. We are investing to exploit the technology lead we have and it would be foolish not to do that both in the short-term and definitely in the medium-term and long-term. Having said that, we are committed to getting back to the 30%, right. So what you will hear in the next earnings release and in May, you will hear more details with regards to that, but we should be moving back in that direction generally speaking. And how quickly we will get there, it’s too early for me to give you any clear guidance on that, but that direction we are committed to regardless.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. So actually, I don’t have much to add to that Ambrish, but I think I will expand a little bit on accounts receivable because I am sure other people may have the same question. If you look back, we have had an occasional spike of accounts receivable and you probably generally followed up with the quarter where they come down and we obviously collect the cash. Obviously, we are trying to manage this, but most importantly, when we service our customers, when they want the product. And so that impacts when we can collect for the revenue that we have. So and looked it very closely, we don’t see any issues, as I have said earlier, on collecting the accounts receivable. So we expect to turn that back down to a more normal level in this quarter.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thanks for the clarity.
Moshe Gavrielov: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. I guess, one question, two parts, so as you think about 60-nanometer, your share gains there and the acceleration that you are seeing there with your customer base, I am curious on two fronts, one, when do you think we could get upwards of $100 million or so incremental revenues either on a run rate basis or overall across ADAS and data center. And then secondly, now that you have put all the spending on the OpEx side in fiscal ‘16 – fiscal ‘17, sorry, how should we think about OpEx trajectory into fiscal ‘18? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Let me do – I will try to answer your first part of your question probably a little differently than the way you had asked it. Just to remind you, we – typically takes a very long period of time from when we introduce the technology to when it actually provides huge revenue. And an example would be 28- nanometer, which is still not at its peak and we actually think that it’s a minimum of 2 years, maybe even further away from its peak. Now, if you look at 20 and 16 together, we tend to look at them as one node just due to the way they were introduced. They came relatively close together. And the combination of those – these two nodes is doing very well across all markets. 16, it’s still early days. We have these 300 customers and 12 unique devices that are shipping, but none of the customers are yet in volume production. You are right in highlighting that 16, two of the markets that will unquestionably drive that are automotive and data center. They are not the only two markets. They actually had much broader applicability. And of the two – those two data center tends to happen a little faster than automotive, but data center for us is a nascent market. It’s very early in its development and that’s why we are very careful in highlighting that the investments we are making in data center now will likely pay off a few years down the road, and we sort of highlighted 2020 is when it will be substantial in the potentially hundreds of millions of dollars. So to answer on 16-nanometer, overall, I would be disappointed in 2 years if it isn’t well over $100 million worth of business. Which markets will constitute that $100 million of sales, it’s still early to tell. And for this year, it will be significant, but it won’t be at that $100 million for this fiscal year for sure.
Lorenzo Flores: And the other part with the OpEx trajectory?
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure.
Lorenzo Flores: Okay. So C.J., I think I’ll just echo a little bit of what Moshe said in response to Ambrish’s question, which is we will obviously provide more details coming out of our fiscal year and at our Analyst Day. But I think that what we said in the past is what we are thinking now, which is we don’t expect the slope of the R&D investment to be at the same angle as this past year and we are managing the company to get back to the 30% up and greater operating margin level in the intermediate term, if you will.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thanks so much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. Could you provide an update, if you could in terms of the timing for the next geometry node initial ramp? And also, what type of product should we expect, will it be all very high end or stacked architecture or will you be targeting mid-range as well with that new node?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, it’s the risk of quoting our President it’s going to be phenomenal. But back on the serious note, we are very excited about the 7-nanometer. We are delighted that TSMC continue to provide leadership product. We definitely benefit from the fact that they now have caught up and providing leadership technology at the earliest point in time. We expect our 2018 to be the year that we tape-out and provide first silicon. It will be – and this is where the phenomenal ends it stripes, it will be a very broad product offering, it won’t be just the high-end product offering and we believe we have – we will have the engineering innovation that enables us to cover most of the market, definitely not the low end with the 7- nanometer technology. So, it will be a very broad technology, applicability and we will have very significant impact on numerous of the markets we service. It will likely not at least initially have a low end footprint just because when you get to those new advanced nodes, they tend to be a lot more expensive, both in terms of mask sets and in terms of wafer costs and it takes time to get that to the point where you can actually address a low end portfolio. So, what we have done to address the low end portfolio in the interim is expanding 28-nanometer, which is a much more cost-sensitive and mature node to address that market, so we can protect and actually expand our position at the low end, because we feel that the low end has been relatively underserved, and it’s an opportunity for us. Hence, the additional investment we are making at 28-nanometer at the low end.
Tristan Gerra: Great, thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure, thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate my questions. My first question was a little bit on the competitive front, you saw Intel/Altera product there, 14-nanometer part. And I am just curious now it’s a little bit into that what we have actually seen from customers, does it matter or are you guys already so far ahead since you are a year out that it will take a while to even really get manage lion’s share of customers?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we never underestimate our competition, least of all, Intel in that regard. But having said that, they are doing extremely well at 16-nanometer. The product is very mature. The yields are exceptional. The functionality of the product is great. That’s why we are investing in getting the production mask sets with very fine tweaks to solve the teething issues that the product had at the very beginning. And it’s doing really, really well. So our competitive position, we feel is incredibly strong at this node just due to the maturity of the product and the breadth of the family and the quality of the design and the operations at this point. So, it’s going really well. And we obviously are intent on continuing to exploit this lead and we assume there will be competition, but we are moving forward as quickly as possible to enhance and consolidate our position and it’s working quite well for us.
Steve Smigie: Great, thanks. And just as my follow-up, you have had quite a bit of success with Zynq with good growth rates there. Now, it’s been out there for a little while. Can you talk about what the growth trajectory over the next year or two might look like at this point?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, it’s – Zynq was the groundbreaking new product for us and it was introduced relatively late in the 28-nanometer cycled product introduction, it was about a year after the initial device is. It was targeted at three markets, wireless, automotive and industrial. What has happened is because it is a really a system-level solution, because it has a very powerful CPU system embedded inside it, and that’s the first time something of this sort was available. It took a little longer for those designs to move into production. But what has happened now is that they are moving into production. Wireless and automotive are further ahead. The big ramp in industrial is still ahead of us. We have a mountain of design wins, which are now moving into production. And if you look at 16-nanometer, we are already seeing very fast adoption of the follow-on MPSoC device, which is going to market much faster than the initial generation was. So this is a significant portion of our business, because it started from zero and was competing with over $2 billion of other markets. It’s of other technologies. It took time, but it’s already at 10%, and we expected of our overall revenue and we expect it to be a very significant portion and a growing portion of the revenue with each subsequent node that we come up with. And it fundamentally moves us to a different role in our customer systems. And we are now competing against ASSP quite successfully in a broad range of markets. And if you look at our automotive business, our position in ADAS is very different from our position in infotainment. In infotainment, we were a companion device. In ADAS, we are the central device in the system. And that transition that we have made into the hearts of our customer systems is continuing at a fast rate. And Zynq is – in the 60-nanometer version and definitely the 7-nanometer version, which will be even more powerful and capable will enable us to do that in more and more of the markets we serve.
Steve Smigie: Okay. Thank you very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me asking you question. I just want to go back a little bit to the December quarter and could you explain a bit more about what broadcast consumer did, you mentioned that auto was down from an inventory digest and that’s understandable, but it seems like between what you delivered in December quarter in that entire segment and what you are guiding for March, it – there must have been a pretty steep decline in auto and then a pretty big snapback implied in your guidance, is there any color you can give on that, please?
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. So Ross, the other end markets in that group were also down a little. And you are right, our guidance for next quarter assumes – we really are expecting a significant snapback from automotive.
Ross Seymore: Got it. Thanks for that color. And then I guess following up on the prior question about Zynq, Moshe. Conceptually, how do you look at that as far as being an incremental adder of revenue to the company versus something where there is some resemblance of a substitution effect and I guess the reason why I ask it that way is the 20% growth sequentially, the 25% going from very little to now 10% of your revenues, those are very impressive numbers, but if I look segment-by-segment where that Zynq product resides, those are not growing nearly as fast as what I would think if Zynq is growing in there, so is there are some offset to that we are not appreciating or any description on that dynamic would be helpful?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, generally speaking, if you look at our business, we tend to serve a lot of markets and those markets move at difference rates. And as a result, we typically have numerous – revenue from numerous technology nodes at the same time. So first order effect and this is before I talk about Zynq against vis-à-vis other non-Zynq technologies. So first order effect, you have older technologies that are shrinking and you have newer technologies that when we do well in those nodes and now we have three nodes in a row where we have done well, they tend to be growing. And what has happened over the past few years is it took time for the advanced nodes to get to the point where they could, even though we had well over our natural market share, but it took time for these advanced nodes to be able to compensate for the old nodes, which were shrinking. Now, if you sort of do the arithmetic, we are at 47% on the advanced nodes and 53% on what we call core technology. And so the growth – the accelerated growth in the core technology is generally compensating for and then some for the shrinkage in the old nodes. This trend of new node cannibalizing old nodes is just parts and parcel of the semiconductor industry. We are not very different than that. So every time we introduced a new node, it – to some extent, if all the customers need is the exact same device, but a little cheaper, they can achieve that by going to the new node and that cannibalizes. What sort has happened is over the years, we have provided a very significant integration play and this is where I am getting to answering your question, just in case you are wondering. This is where the integration enables us to capture a larger part of the customer’s bill of material. And Zynq is part of that. And so if you look at the bill of materials now, we actually have the opportunity to replace ASSPs or standalone processors or standalone microcontrollers, at least in some of the markets, not all that we read. So yes, in that regard, Zynq is a market expansion play, but it very similar to the core business, it does tend to have some element of cannibalization. And that’s why when you sort of look at the numbers, which we have projected, we are sort of on course to deliver the first of what our hopefully several 6% growth years, which we said was our goal last year. And we are pleased to have delivered on that. And part of it is through market expansion. And Zynq is a market expansion play. But it provides some market expansion, but you are right, it does cannibalize some of the revenue from the previous generation. And if you look at wireless as an example, which is a market, which we are now serving with Zynq, and before, we used to serve with what I would call advanced, but cleaner FPGAs, then yes, that’s a market where we are cannibalizing the old revenue. But truthfully, if we didn’t have the Zynq, we would not be playing in that market with these advanced nodes. So in some cases, it’s an expansion. In some cases, you just need to move forward in order to standstill. And that’s the name of the game is the semiconductors.
Ross Seymore: Thank you very much for that detail. It’s very helpful.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely from Citi. Your line is open.
Philip Lee: Hi guys. This is Philip Lee on behalf of Chris. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I just want to dive a little deeper into the data center, the [indiscernible] opportunity there, how much revenue do you think you guys can do this year and how much of that is in new applications, such as hyper-scale or compute?
Moshe Gavrielov: So the numbers we have projected are potentially hundreds of millions of dollars in and around calendar 2020. And we are still at the early stages, right. So and that’s why our choice of words has been consistently very careful in terms of setting expectations. Now what has happened is we are seeing tremendous pickup and tremendous interest in public design wins with Baidu and AWS position us to – as this market evolves and as it emerges to service it in a unique way. But it would be premature to assume that there is going to be a huge growth in terms of revenue in fiscal year ‘18, right. It’s still too early. These deployments are new deployments. We are committed to supporting them extremely well to enable them over time to develop into significant business, but this is not fiscal year 2018 where it will make a significant dent in whatever number we commit to for this upcoming year. It’s still a little further out than that.
Philip Lee: Thanks, Moshe. Very helpful. And as a follow-on can you talk about your end markets the relative growth you expect this year, do you see any of the segments going faster or slower relative to the other ones?
Moshe Gavrielov: We will provide more insight, significantly more insight into that in May. It’s still premature, but no, we feel that the technology leadership and the broad market participation are playing in our favor. And sometimes we predict that market A will grow and actually, it’s a market B that grows. And that’s one of the benefits of the broad market participation that we have. So, we will give you more data in May.
Philip Lee: Okay, thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question and congratulations on the good quarter. Lorenzo, maybe I can ask the OpEx question a different way. If you look at sort of the ramp of OpEx throughout the fiscal year, you’ve got a much bigger spend in the second half of the year such that if you just kind of straight line the March quarter guide, OpEx would be up 5% year-on-year in fiscal ‘18. I am just kind of curious given sort of the pace of tape-outs, especially in the back half of the year, this fiscal year, is there actually opportunity to take OpEx absolute dollars down going forward or is the opportunity set such that it’s really about sort of the slope of the ramp and the rate of growth?
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. So John, I certainly understand both why you asked the question and how you kind of framed it, but I will go back to something Moshe has said and we are going to try very hard to stick to over the next 3 months. We want to provide you a much clearer view of what our 2018, or FY 2018 looks like as we come out of this fiscal year and into our Analyst Day. But I will address a couple of your points may be to help you out in the interim. We do have, as you noted, significant increase in the second half of the year from tape-outs that we are taking advantage of our leadership position and we think it was the right thing to do. We told you we are going to do it at our last Analyst Day and as we are doing it. We are also growing our overall R&D capability. So, those are factors we are going to have to balance as well as what we are doing on the next nodes in the next fiscal year. And I think it’s probably more beneficial to your understanding of our operating model next year to wait rather than try to guess at it right now.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. And then Moshe maybe as my follow-up, notwithstanding your comments earlier about putting expectations around acceleration, just given what we are seeing going on in the GPU market right now and the uptake of GPU to the data center, given that it would seem that the FPGA architecture in a lot of instances for acceleration applications might actually be superior, what is it that that’s allowing GPU uptick to be faster than FPGA uptake for these applications in the data center in the near term? Is it really a software stack issue or can you help me understand that?
Moshe Gavrielov: You are absolutely right. This was identified as a growth market by the GPU companies primarily NVIDIA, a long, long time ago and I give them credits for identifying that in their desire to diversify beyond their core PC and gaming focus, they invested very heavily on the software front. What we are doing is we are now taking a page out of their book. It’s not necessarily the same page. It’s a little bit of a different page. And we have to do that in order to enable broader deployment fundamentally, because the customer base – the target customer base is not FPGA savvy and it’s very unlikely that they will become FPGA savvy. Hence, you need this higher level of abstraction. And so the core benefits in the silicon architecture are there and we are continuing to drive those in all of the current generations. Some of the customers have the capability to deliver on that by themselves. Some of them need quite a bit of help and we are providing that through things like this rest architecture solution, which should make it easier for them to access the technology. Now as that is done and then you can look at some unique deployments like the Amazon one is unique and that it’s FPGA as a service, as we support that effort to enable them to expand the markets that could have a significant leverage with regards to the breadth of people who have access to it. That’s why we are so excited. That’s why we are getting some benefit from probably the biggest customer in the world and their business model and their approach to doing this. So that could, as it gets deployed and it’s brought to the market successfully that could accelerate this entire process. So between that and the rest architecture, I think those are the things that we believe will enable us to get to market much faster. And it won’t take us the same period of time, but it took other competitors in the past to develop this market.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein from SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great, thanks. Actually, I have a similar question to the last one, but maybe from a more generic perspective, you are highlighting this deployment at AWS. And as you just said software has been a big differentiator that’s perhaps given NVIDIA some early traction there. But can you talk a little bit more generically about the architecture of FPGAs versus GPUs and then your architecture versus what Intel/Altera has, and why you expect to capture more share of this market relative to both of those solutions?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So, let’s step back. The market really is very, very nascent and the biggest player today is Intel through their CPU offering. And now a fast emerging player who has pretty significant deployments is NVIDIA with some of these hyperscale players. What has become very, very clear is as the market is evolving, it’s also segmenting. And there are – it’s becoming clearer what elements are served really well by NVIDIA, for example and what elements which sometimes overlap, but sometimes are totally different are better within all programmable solution. So in these early days, its first-mover advantage is significant. It does give a lead, but there are inherent advantages, which we believe we have. And Intel clearly recognized those and that was one of the major drivers as they publicly have stated for their acquiring Altera was to be able to address that market. So, there is a whole set of applications, which are learning-oriented where NVIDIA and GPUs have probably a better architectural fit, but most other applications, which are potentially larger, are better serviced by us and programmable logic. Now with regards to the competition against Intel, it’s again very early 30 days. We believe that, a), anything which is non-Intel related were going to be the obvious solution, right? And so there is not insignificant business, which potentially could be serviced by AMD on x86 by IBM with their power solution and by the host of ARM guys and that will fall very naturally into our lap for obvious reasons. Having said that, that’s not the only market we can play in, because we think that even – and we are hearing this from the major players even where they are currently using Intel x86 processors when they are looking for an acceleration, they are finding that our leadership in terms of silicon technology and the approach with the pooled architecture where basically you could have a pool of Xilinx’ FPGAs, which provide acceleration, is more attractive to them than the approach, which Intel pursues which is more likely to strengthen their CPU hegemony with the one CPU, one FPGA solution, right. And that’s where we think that for a lot of these players, we – even if they end up using Intel x86, they are likely to want to pursue an acceleration solution, which is not dictated by Intel. And that’s where we have the opportunity. All-in-all, we are very careful in terms of setting expectations. And hence, it’s still early days. We expect to see hundreds of millions of dollars in the 2,000 – calendar 2000 [ph] timeframe. And if we do well and all of these other things work our way, potentially it could happen maybe faster or maybe larger, but it’s too early to commit and we are very careful in terms of highlighting that.
William Stein: Great. If I can get one follow-up, please, in the ADAS market, the big sort of category that I am aware of is this sort of hovering view stitching together for a camera corner view in some orders, but I am suspecting maybe it’s much more diverse and at the minimum, you might have some sensor fusion applications, could you comment on the diversity of the design wins and the pace of ramps in those ADAS application? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So you are right that this is emerging and it’s emerging very, very quickly. And the needs are quite fluid and they are growing and there are different requirements. And so there is a broad set of design wins, which address different approaches. And sensor fusion is sort of a buzzword for highlighting that there is a whole family of different sensors that are required, some of which point forward, some of which point inward, some of which point sideways, some of which point backward. And this market is evolving at a very, very fast rate. What we are seeing is due to be uncertainty in the market and the – and due to the fact that for automotive, it’s moving, it’s an unprecedented upgrade [ph]. There is a lot of uncertainty, and that’s where we believe we have tremendous benefit because our solutions tend to enable a lot of flexibility as the markets change. And we are seeing that the major benefit with regards to competition with other companies that have a more ASSP oriented rigid solution. And we are seeing just a broad range of these different approaches and the design wins actually fall into numerous categories for us that – and enable us to address a lot of these. The early mover advantage we had here is helping us, because we have the relationships and it’s already approaching 10% of our business, which actually makes this one of the biggest players in this market. Just don’t have the marketing budget to sort of spray that over the Super Bowl, but we are doing really well.
William Stein: Great. Thanks very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Charles on for Toshiya. Thanks for taking my question. Just going to head on the data center side again, such tremendous opportunity, but I was wondering, as you kind of size your opportunity in hundreds of millions of dollars out to 2018, 2020, what are kind of the share – what kind of share does that imply for you guys in the acceleration market and I was just wondering what your TAM assumptions might be. And then I had another one, in terms of displacing NVIDIA, just wondering if you have any sense of the hurdles, maybe from a performance standpoint or a power standpoint that you have to overcome given kind of your weight in the game on the software side?
Moshe Gavrielov: So the TAM is huge. The TAM today is – it has been growing maybe not as quite as quickly as it was before, but it has been growing and it’s approaching $20 billion. And that’s if you look mostly at the service side that primarily with x86 and the GPU side and that’s sort of a market, which is already at that level now. That market is changing and it’s changing to be serviced by more cost effective and power effective solutions and that’s where we actually, for a broad range of applications can provide high performance, which we have demonstrated at a lower power point than competitive solutions, be they processors where the gap tends to be quite big and GPUs where the gap is somewhat smaller, but it’s still substantial. And so if you look at the big market, you can say well, $20 billion market and we do not want to leave anyone with the impression that, that is all serviceable by Xilinx. However, I do believe that there is billions of dollars available to be addressed by alternate solution. And of that, we believe we can easily capture 10%. And if we do well, we can capture more than 10% of that over time. And the benefit will be higher performance to lower power point. And again for us, we have to accept the fact that we recognized this leg. And we now have to – we have the relationships with the sever hyper-scale guys. We have design wins with several of them in significant programs, but it’s still going to take time for that to translate into massive deployments. And that’s why we are providing these numbers, right in the hundreds and millions of dollars, which sort of correlate to the market share – potential market share of the serviceable market that I shared with you.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, you had mentioned some revenue from pre-5G builds, I was wondering if your outlook kind of on the timing of 5G has changed at all and if so, what’s kind of driving that? Thanks.
Moshe Gavrielov: So 5G originally because monetization of 4G took a little longer, there was an expectation that 5G would get pushed out about 2 years ago, maybe a little longer than that. It appeared that the tide had turned and there was a mad rush to provide 5G solutions. And we are benefiting from that because technology leadership has given us the full position with regards to this pre-5G deployment. Having said that, we think that the prime time for 5G is still likely in the 2020 timeframe and it’s not going to be massive before that. If it is, we will be in a good position to address it. But we are looking at 2020 for the big wave of 5G deployments. And we think between now and then, there will be a lot of interim steps, which we are well positioned to service, but they are less likely to be true 5G. In terms of marketing statements, I am sure there will be a lot of ultra stating marketing statements, which will claim 5G and all of that, but we won’t be – the real thing there will be a step in the direction.
Lorenzo Flores: Operator, we can take one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Rolland from Susquehanna International Group. Your line is open.
Chris Rolland: Hey guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. So I am just thinking about India, perhaps that’s the next area of infrastructure of growth and I know won’t be as large as China, but also, we can understand that the equipment may not to be as heavily dependent on ASICs, so thinking in terms of actual FPGA content, what might India look like in revenue terms for you guys compared to China?
Lorenzo Flores: So we are actually pretty pleased with our position in India. We are benefiting right now – the strength in our wireless business, a significant portion of it comes from India-based deployments. So as that expands over time, we think we will continue to take advantage of it. But the outlook – specific outlook for the deployment is a little bit more murky, but as I said just a second ago, we are really well positioned with respect to our customers that have a position in India. We don’t think it’s going to be of this scale in the near-term that the China-based deployments were and we also don’t think it’s going to be as rapid deployment has happened in China. We still think it’s a good amount of business for us.
Chris Rolland: Great. Also, on the auto side of things, at CES I think there was at least one announcement from a large German Tier 1. I think they currently use Zynq that they will be switching to NVIDIA solutions. I think ADAS is a great market for you guys, has been Zynq it will continue to be, but what gives you guys confidence that we won’t see ASIC replacement in ADAS as kind of market standards start to mature here?
Moshe Gavrielov: So I am not quite sure who you are referring to because we have a plethora of design wins and we also tend to have follow-on design wins with all of the current players and new ones. The market is evolving and it’s changing quite rapidly. And there are people who have the strong position in infotainment who are trying and planning on playing in the market. It’s – they are not coming at it from an ADAS-like approach, which tends to have a lot of distributed processing. They tend to have a approach, which is very, very super CPU or super GPU oriented with the central control. It’s still too early to know which of these approaches will work. And what is happening is as the market is very fluid, the needs are fluid and the competition is very fluid and the automotive market is going through a huge transition in this regard probably in unprecedented transition. We actually believe that having been there early on ADAS and being involved in all of these next steps is very attractive for us. And that’s why we believe that this will continue to drive our growth going forward. 10 years from now, it’s quite possible that the market will be commoditized and there won’t be the room for the changes and the uncertainty as to how the market will evolve. And at that point in time, it’s quite possible that ASIC/ASSPs will gain market share, but I think there is several years ahead of us of fluid market where the flexibility of our capabilities and the strength which a lot of the strength, which is inherent that we just talked about in data center is actually very germane to automotive, right. And that’s where you will find a higher performance at a lower PowerPoint solution with the programmable logic element. So we are quite confident that we are – for the next several years, we are in a very good spot with regards to monetizing this market.
Chris Rolland: Yes, I agree. Great answer. Thanks, Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the fourth quarter fiscal year 2017 will be Wednesday, April 26, after the market close. We will be attending the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference in San Francisco on March 1. Also, we are hosting an Analyst Meeting in New York City on May 22. Please save the date and we do look forward to seeing you there. More details will follow. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations Lorenzo Flores - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Moshe Gavrielov - President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Blayne Curtis - Barclays Investment Bank Christopher Danely - Citigroup David Wong - Wells Fargo & Company Ian Ing - MKM Partners Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities John Vinh - Pacific Crest Securities Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates Inc. Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Meriama, [ph] and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the September quarter, and then open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Rick. In the September quarter, Xilinx sales were $579 million, up 1% sequentially and up 10% on a year-over-year basis. Sales for the first six months of the fiscal year were up 7% versus the same period of the prior year. Our advanced products increased 10% sequentially and 61% year-over-year, with 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer sales are reaching new records. Sales from our 16-nanometer UltraScale+ family were significant and exceeded our expectations. Our sales in the September quarter demonstrated the resilience of our multi-market model, growth in Industrial and A&D and Broadcast, Consumer & Automotive categories more than offset the expected decline in Communications. The Industrial and A&D category stood out with strength in test, measurement and emulation, as well as Aerospace & Defense. In fact, sales from test, measurement and emulation reached a record during the quarter. Broadcast, Consumer & Automotive was up slightly, better than expected due primarily to strength from AVB. Gross margin in Q2 was 69.6%, lower than guided due to the impact of a licensing agreement with Rambus. Moving forward, the impact of this agreement is expected to be immaterial to our gross margin. Operating expense was $227 million, lower than guided due to lower compensation expenses. Operating income for the quarter was $177 million or 30.5%. Other income and expense was an expense of $1 million, lower than guided due primarily to an investment distribution. The tax rate for the quarter was 7%, which included the previously disclosed benefit of $9 million or $0.03 per diluted share related to closure of the audits of fiscal years 2012 through 2014, and a $0.02 per diluted share benefit related to other discrete tax items. Our net income for Q2 was $164 million or $0.61 per share. Operating cash flow was $184 million. Diluted shares were 270 million, including 14.8 million from the convertible, higher than guided due to the impact of our higher share price. We repurchased 1.9 million shares for $100 million and we paid $84 million in dividends. Now some key points on the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in gross cash and $2.1 billion in net cash after our debt. Inventory was $197 million, approximately flat with the prior quarter and down $16 million from the same quarter a year ago. As I turn to our guidance, I would like to refresh the key points of the annual guidance from our Analyst Day in May. At the Analyst Day, we forecasted our revenue growth to be between 4% and 8%, our gross margin to be between 68% and 70%. And our operating expense to be between $930 million and $950 million. Our performance for the first two fiscal quarters, our guidance for Q3 and our expectations for Q4 indicate that we remain centered in the range of the guidance provided at our Analyst meeting. In the December quarter, we’re expecting sales to be flat sequentially. Our backlog is slightly down heading into the quarter. We expect advanced products will continue to grow and we are expecting communications to increase with growth in both wireless and wired. Industrial and A&D is expected to decline as test and measurement comes off of two consecutive record quarter. Broadcast, Consumer & Automotive is expected to be approximately flat sequentially. Our gross margin will be approximately 69%. For operating expense, we continue to invest in accelerating our leadership position as discussed at our Analyst Day. We expect to see operating expense increase to approximately $245 million with a significant portion of the increase coming from tape-out expenses. Our operating expense outlook includes $1 million of amortization. Other income and expense will be an expense of $2 million, and will likely approximate this level again in Q4. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be 14%. Now, I’d like to say a few words on our capital allocation strategy. We are confident in our long-term growth strategy and expect to continue to generate healthy cash flows. Note our operating cash flow from year-to-date exceeds $500 million. Our capital allocation priorities remain the same: invest in our business to capitalize on our leadership position and return of capital to our shareholders with a commitment to an increasing dividend over time and through share repurchases. With respect to share repurchases, as we previously announced in May of this year, the Xilinx’s Board of Directors increased the repurchase authorization by $1 billion. Our plan is to take a more deliberate approach on share repurchases with the intention of exhausting the $1 billion authorization over the next several quarters. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Lorenzo. I’m very pleased with the financial results of the second quarter. We delivered our fourth consecutive quarter of revenue growth, resulting in operating profit in excess of 30% for the third consecutive quarter. Our overall revenue growth was, as in the previous quarter, driven by our Advanced Products. These increased again by over 60% year-over-year, delivering yet another significant quarterly record and now account 46% for our total sales. Overall, five of our eight end-markets grew in the quarter demonstrating the robustness of our diversified multimarket portfolio. Our unparalleled execution on the 28-, 20- and 60-nanometer nodes has now delivered three consecutive generation of very significant technology leadership. Our world-class partnership with TSMC, the foundry technology and market leader has been key to the success. In the September quarter, for the fourth consecutive quarter 28-nanometer sales delivered a new record. 28-nanometer sales growth was enabled by our Zynq product line, which is a significant component of our market expansion efforts. Zynq product sales increased 25% sequentially, driven by automotive, wireless, industrial and consumer applications. 20-nanometer revenue again reached a record level very significantly exceeding our $40 million target. Sales were driven by strong contributions from our test and measurement, wired and wireless markets. We expect to ship over $50 million of 20-nanometer products in December quarter. 60-nanometer sales grew significantly in the September quarter, similarly exceeding our forecast, while shipping to a broad-base of end markets, including automotive, data center and communications. At our Analyst Day in May, we discussed the strategic increase in our R&D investment in fiscal year 2017 to both solidify our leadership position and expand our product portfolio. We recently highlighted two significant accomplishments that demonstrate the early fruits from that investment decision. First and foremost, we reached ahead of schedule a critical production milestone with our 16-nanometer UltraScale+ portfolio, further extending our product lead to well beyond the year. We’re already shipping nine unique revenue generating products to approaching 200 active customers. Per Lorenzo’s earlier comment, we expect to deliver multiple production tape-outs in the current quarter to solidify this lead. In addition, we announced the expansion of our cost optimized Spartan, Artix and Zynq 28-nanometer product families, targeting a wide range of applications including Embedded Vision and Industrial IoT. We recently made two announcements illustrating our significant momentum in cloud computing, another of our key emerging market expansion opportunities. Baidu has adopted Xilinx to accelerate machine learning applications in the data center and will leverage our platforms in their initiatives to develop commercially-viable autonomous cars. In addition, the CCIX technology consortium, formed to bring a high-performance open acceleration framework to data centers, tripled its membership, has released the specification to consortium members. We’re uniquely positioned to capitalize on our excellent execution, and innovative and game changing products to both accelerate share gains and drive market expansion. We remain committed to maintaining and extending our leadership, while delivering to our long-term operating margin targets of 30% plus, and per Lorenzo’s earlier comments, underlying our commitment to returning cash to shareholders. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Q - John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Lorenzo, in your prepared comments, it sounds like you’re still on target to hit that 6% growth guidance for the fiscal year. I hate talking about seasonality, because there’s so much variance around seasonality. But given the guide for the December quarter, that kind of implies the March quarter up about 6% versus, seasonal up 3%. I wonder if you guys can just talk about if there is anything specific you’re seeing maybe around the F35 revenue stream or any other sort of new product revenue stream that gives you confidence as you look out that far that that you have that kind of above seasonal growth?
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah, so thanks, John. Obviously, as we close this quarter and we go into Q4, we’ll be providing you with more specifics. But I think right now, what we will tell you that underneath our view of Q4, of our fiscal Q4, is a view that communications will be firming and we will see growth in the Industrial and A&D category as well as the Consumer, Automotive and Broadcast category; some for the reasons you’re alluding to, but there is more there than that.
John Pitzer: Got it, and then, as my follow-up guys, Moshe, the Baidu announcement was a nice announcement around acceleration. I’m wondering if you can help us understand kind of the opportunity there. Are you sitting next to Intel processors? And then how do we think about the acceleration sort of a growth developing in the near-term, because our thought process was that was perhaps going to be more a 2018, 2019 event relative to the Analyst Day you guys had earlier in the year? It seems like you’re getting some of that earlier. Do you expect to see sort of additional follow-on here or is this going to be still something you expect it to mature in the next couple of years instead of the next couple of quarters?
Moshe Gavrielov: John, it’s next couple of years, it’s not the next couple of quarters. We believe that this has the potential of being $200 million to $300 million by 2020. And it will have to grow to that number. It’s not going to happen overnight and it won’t happen over the next six months. It’s going to take more than six months just for these devices to go into volume production. So this is a - as most of our businesses, this grows a little faster, but it still will take time and will take several years till it gets to the several hundreds of millions of dollars. So the - let’s put it this way, this will not generate the Q4 upswing that you asked about earlier.
John Pitzer: Okay. Thanks, guys. Congratulations on the good results.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure, thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you very much. I had a question on the share buyback. And I’m not very clear, to me at least, Lorenzo, what you meant by a more deliberate approach on the buyback. And I have a quick follow-up after that, please.
Lorenzo Flores: Sure. So I think we’ve had questions over the past few months after we announced the Board’s authorization of an additional $1 billion in May, about what our plans are. And I think in the past we’ve characterized our approach to share repurchases as opportunistic, which is fairly ambiguous. What we’re trying to communicate is we have the intent to utilize the authorization over - and I chose the word several - next several quarters deliberately to indicate a rather more defined time-span on when we’re going to utilize the authorization.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. And then a quick follow-up, Moshe, on the nodes, 16-nanometer, where is the difference in this node versus what you’ve seen in the past? And Intel just announced their product and they said that they would be shipping for revenues. So just help us understand kind of where you are in terms of being I think over a year ahead versus them, and then what kind of opportunities does it open for you. And if we’re just going back to the last nodes it’s clear at least to us that it opens up like a 65-35 kind of market share. So any help on the opportunity you’re seeing versus the last node will be great. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure, Ambrish. So we taped it out in June of 2015. It came back in September of 2015. It was in such pristine condition that at that point in time we were able to demonstrate devices working and achieving the specs, which for silicon immediately in the first day is as good as it gets and probably better than nearly everyone else. And we sampled the parts to our customers and we have been shipping them to numerous customers in a whole host of applications. And the feedback we’re getting is between the software, the silicon and IP customers have never seen from anyone anything at this level of functionality. And as a result what we have done is we now have nine products that are shipping. And we’re moving into production and part of the bump that is happening this quarter, the current quarter we’re in, in terms of R&D and the quarter after that will be a whole slew of tape-outs, which indicate that we’re going to move into production at an early point. So in terms of sampling, we believe we are clearly a year ahead in terms of the maturity of the product and from what we’re hearing from our customers we’re much more than that. And that’s position we’re in, it’s a very enviable position. And that’s why we are increasing our investment to exploit it. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Ambrish Srivastava: Yeah, thank you, Moshe. Good luck.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Moshe on the automotive side, can you remind us what’s driving that growth today? And then turning to this autonomous driving agreement with Baidu, is that expected to drive Xilinx units in the vehicles, so for scoring or inference? Or is it more on the deep learning side, not so much on the client side?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So our automotive business historically was more on the entertainment side. And our Zynq product offering was defined specifically to address driver assistance. And that is a huge step towards delivering autonomous vehicles. What is happening now is the part that is growing is the advanced driver assistance. And we actually shared that we expect to have 85 models in production in this year. And we remain on target for delivering those 85 models. If you noticed, I had mentioned that quite a bit of our early revenue on 16-nanometer was in automotive and that comes from the second generation of our Zynq product, which is the MPSoC. It’s a more powerful element. Now, in parallel to that as being in a pull position for this market, we are working on the next generation, which is the 7-nanometer product. And there, we expect that as the world moves from driver assistance to autonomous driving, we expect it to move in phases. There are question marks with regards to how quickly it will happen. There is a whole host of barriers with regards to safety security and legislation that will modulate and throttle that growth. And so, we believe that a lot of the work is being done now and there has been a lot of early deployment. And what we’re seeing is that that market is expanding beyond the traditional suppliers, beyond the tier 1 providers to those suppliers and there is a whole host of new players who are entering the market in addition and are deploying technologies which they have developed for their data center applications. And so, we expect this to continue to unfold to be honest over the next 10 years. We don’t think it’s going to all happen tomorrow. We do think there is going to be lot of proof of concepts and very limited deployments over the next year or two. But we think that the massive volume will actually come in the 7-nanometer in the 2020 and beyond timeframe. And there will be a lot of different approaches. We believe that our technology and our solutions will be relevant to most, if not, all of those target, right. And there is quite a bit of fragmentation, there are a lot of different approaches there. But our technology fundamentally should be very viable to address all of those. And our early position with ADAS, gives us good understanding and good relationship to - with the providers to address that market.
William Stein: Thanks for the color.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Moshe, this is sort of a longer-term question. The promise of FPGAs has been that there is a very long life to current generation and legacy products. And then you lay around growth from next generation, so certainly your next generation as growing at a very phenomenal pace. But when I look at your legacy or core products they are declining at a mid-teens pace or so. Is that different from what you’ve observed in the past i.e., that the core products are declining faster than they had in the past or am I not looking at this the right way?
Moshe Gavrielov: No. You are looking at it right. And those numbers are difficult to argue with. I would say that first quarter effect is, are you winning or you not winning at a certain node. And to be honest, the decline in the old product is because there is two significant generations where we did not do well, right. And if you look at the 40-nanometer, at the high-end we were late, where the product had some issues. And prior to that, there was also a generation, which had its challenges. And so as a result that is now declining at a fast rate. The good news is now we have three nodes in a row, that we have had great execution and significant market share. And because it takes a long time, and you are absolutely right in that, it takes time for that to compensate for the old node. The good news is once you get to 50%, right, and we are very close to that 50%, then you have a bigger, a much stronger tailwind, and the headwind is diminishing. And so, what you should see is the percentage which has the tailwind is growing now at a faster rate and will soon reach magnitude that it can compensate, and actually more than compensate for the products which are not growing. And so your analysis is correct. But I think you need to take that first order impact is, did you have a good node or not have a good node. If you have three good nodes in succession and our recent nodes, then once that gets to 50% of the revenue that should more than compensate for the shrinkage of the old portion.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up, when I look at the growth rate that Intel has given for Altera, I understand that they are not having too many details. But they are saying it’s about similar to what you’re targeting, it is about 6%, right, or so. So is it that it is too early for us to see your share gains at some of these new nodes, because if you have been gaining so much share at 28 and then 16, and at 20-naometers, why isn’t Xilinx growing faster than the growth rate that Intel has mentioned around Altera? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yeah. It’s very difficult for me to answer that question. And it’s even more difficult for me to answer it, as they’re part of a very large company with a lot of things going on. And so, what I would say is we believe in the 6%, we need to deliver the 6%, if they deliver 6% or higher, good for them. We need to deliver 6%. All of the published numbers with regards to new nodes show that Xilinx share at 28 is well over 60% at 20 is significantly higher than that, and obviously at 16, 14, right. We are in terms of shipments for revenue we have all of the shipments for revenue at this point and we have over a year lead. So I think we’re in a good position and that position has strengthened over the past three generations. And we now believe that that is at the root of enabling us to deliver 6% growth and the comparisons are going to be more difficult in the future.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. You mentioned 25% sequential growth in Zynq and you mentioned autos first. Just curious if you could give any primers as to how big auto is getting within that bucket or maybe what that business is growing for the fiscal year?
Lorenzo Flores: I’m sorry, Blayne. When you say what that business are you referring to auto or was it…?
Blayne Curtis: You said - autos were the first one you mentioned so I was curious if you could give any color as to how big auto is getting within that segment and what that may grow for the fiscal year.
Lorenzo Flores: I think last time I got tangled up in the Zynq and the auto. So auto, again the dynamic in auto is we are seeing the decline in the older line business, which is infotainment, and the growth in the ADAS part of the market which is driven by Zynq. In aggregate, the automotive business for us is around 7% or 8% of our overall business. We think that will grow overtime as the ADAS growth rate outpaces the decline in the infotainment part of the business.
Blayne Curtis: Got you. And I was just curious, your perspective on the wireless market, a decline in September, but then slight growth. Just curious just - what you think the end-market is doing and whether you’re benefiting from any share gains?
Lorenzo Flores: Well, what we see in terms of the end-markets are the customers we have, have been doing relatively well with, I don’t think I would call it strength. I would call it stabilization; in the China market and growth in India, both contributing to our year-over-year growth. Now, we had - we’ve said this before, we had a relatively poor year last year in wireless. Again, aggregate though this year we’re expecting the overall segment to grow little less than 10%. But what we’re seeing right now through the year is not unexpected for us, which is it will be up and down throughout the year a few million dollars a quarter. But again getting to a place where we show year-over-year growth. So it’s going to be a few million dollars of cycling in and out each quarter. We were down last quarter from Q1. We expect to be up in the third quarter from the second quarter. So that’s not unexpected from what we had looked at for the year in wireless.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Christopher Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Just first a clarification on the share count. So you said, it’s going to be a little more deliberate. I think your shares are basically the same they were five quarters ago. So is the goal to slowly take the share count down or keep it flat overtime?
Lorenzo Flores: The share count should go down. I think, if you’re - and Chris, you need to always keep into account when you’re looking at our diluted shares, the impact of the convertible that we have, which will obviously increase the diluted shares if our share price goes up. So overall though, we’re tending to bring the share count down.
Christopher Danely: Yeah. Okay, great. And then, just another clarification on the data center opportunity, Moshe, you had a question on Baidu earlier and you said $200 million to $300 million by 2020, is that just Baidu alone or is that total data center?
Moshe Gavrielov: No, that’s total data center.
Christopher Danely: Okay, great.
Moshe Gavrielov: And we already have - we have two in production. We expect to have five in production in a year or two, five of the major seven in production.
Christopher Danely: And still on track for the tens of millions of revenue next year?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes.
Christopher Danely: Great, thanks, guys.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David Wong: Thanks very much. Can you give us an idea of what your total Zynq revenues in dollars are at the moment?
Moshe Gavrielov: We’re [indiscernible] looking it up.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah. I just want to make sure. In aggregate Zynq will be between 6% and 8% of our overall revenue.
David Wong: Okay, great. And what functions are the Xilinx chips typically used for in ADAS? And what’s your dollar potential per car?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So the way to look at it is we just talked about the 8%, right, which is automotive, over 50% of that 8% is in ADAS. And those - right, so let use 5%, right. So we are looking for the year, if you look at our target it’s about $120 million for the year, give or take, which will come from ADAS. So lot more than that if you look at all automotive. And this is spread over 85 models. The devices typically are used at the high-end and mid-range, but now are spreading down. And they are in the tens of dollars per unit.
David Wong: Okay, great. Thanks.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian Ing: Yes. Thank you. Just a question on the gross margin guidance, obviously going to the midpoint of the full year expectation, 69%, it is down 60 basis points sequentially at the midpoint. Mix is slightly less favorable. And the Rambus licensing headwind is going away. So just I’m just trying to understand the trend there to get to that guidance.
Lorenzo Flores: Are you talking specifically about Q3, Ian?
Ian Ing: Your Q3, yes.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah, so I think, if you look at my end-market discussion, where we talked about communications strengthening, we have a wireless element to that. And the test and measurement part of the business coming off of record-highs. You can rationalize the mix down on gross margin.
Ian Ing: Great.
Lorenzo Flores: There are other factors obviously, but if you - that’s the most kind of straightforward way to look at it in terms of mix.
Ian Ing: Okay, great. And just a question here, obviously, it’s a period of elevated 16-nanometer investments, a lot of new parts in each of the families. I’m just trying to understand, I mean, how confident that you are that each part that is being defined can generate some pretty good ROI? Is each of these parts sort of addressing a specific application in a top customer and do you see almost like tailored parts now in terms of resources?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, the parts are - if you look at the entire family, there are lots of family members. And what we try to do is to make sure that the mix of resources addresses the different needs of each of the market. If we had perfect planning and vision of what the customers really would need as opposed to what they tell us they need, then I would tell us we are doing great. Based on our experience you look back and then you find out that some have overachieved and some have underachieved. But we do try to target the different requirements. And sometimes we get it more right and wrong. But it’s not a perfect science and it’s not necessarily because our ability to predict is impaired. The customers’ need tend to change and what we find is that they end up requiring different mix and higher performance et cetera. And so, that’s the beauty of our business and that we have this whole range of products. So if we miss it on one, we can typically get it on the larger one, albeit sometimes it comes at a margin cost to address the specific market requirements.
Ian Ing: Okay. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Vinay [ph] calling in for Joe. I wanted to follow up on the Industrials and A&D segment. And can you just talk about now what kind of visibility do you have in that segment? And more importantly, how should we think about the long-term growth trajectory for the different buckets in that segment?
Lorenzo Flores: Okay. So this is a really mixed category for us in light of the elements which you’re thereafter. Then in certain cases with very large customers, and large and more public deals like the Joint Strike Fighter in A&D, we have fairly good visibility up until the actual letting of the purchase orders on when you can see the business. But in general, we can map those over time. Test and measurement to a large degree, with some customer concentration, we know we’re doing extremely well there based on our leadership products, it’s just unmatched. There is no competition for the capability we bring there. And so we have relatively good visibility to the program health. What we actually can be positively surprised by in that area is the success of our customers, as their platforms win in the market. Industrial is a lot of customers for us. And so, what we are typically doing is looking at a few specific opportunities with customers, and then looking at an aggregation on the broader customer base and seeing what we behave there. So each of these actually has relatively strong growth prospects, kind of defined by the markets they serve. Industrial as we said before driven by the Industrial Internet of Things and platform adoption will be broad based and grow, but at the nature of that business is more slowly over time. A&D has actually been a relative bright spot for us. We continue to win broadly and designed outside of the Joint Strike Fighter and the Joint Strike Fighter follow-on technology insertions, and so we’re seeing a lot of broader program strength there. In test, measurement and emulation, what you will see is that our leading products would gain share and grow relatively rapidly. And then will be filled in by other elements of that category like semiconductor test business as that broadens our footprint. So again it’s a very complex category for us to provide one answer to. Hopefully, I gave you some color.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That’s really helpful. From a follow-up I want to talk about 5G, you talked about 5G build starting in 2018 timeframe. But can you provide us an update there in terms of what are you hearing from carriers in terms of roadmap and more importantly, what does that mean for you in terms of content opportunity?
Moshe Gavrielov: So 5G, the market has changed quite a bit and up to a couple of years ago. It looked like it was going to get pushed out. And definitely the standard is not quite stable and isn’t complete yet. So there is quite a bit of work that still needs to be done to come up with the standard. But what we have seen over the past two years is that all of the major players have shifted to a desire to be first and have significant market share. And we’re seeing them all race. And we believe that our 16-nanometer portfolio and our 20-nanometer portfolio is being used in close to 100% of the early prototypes, which are being used to demonstrate the technology. What we do expect is that the massive deployment will start in 2020 onward. And that the initial deployments, between now and 2020 are happening and they will - there is various flavors, 4.5, 4.9; there is the whole host of numbers which are being thrown around; pre-5G, 5G prototypes. But we are in a good position for all of those, but we can tell just based on technology position, but we do believe that the massive deployment will be 2020 and onward with the combination of programmable devices. And then for some of the companies they will definitely over time design ASICs to address that market. As it stabilizes and as the standards become clearer and the market requirements become clearer. Hopefully, that helps.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. I have one question and one housekeeping item as a follow-up. And the main question, pulling the wireless incomes back to a little bit of a near-term timeframe, generally, what gives you confidence both the wireless and the wireline business will grow both in the December and March quarters? They’ve been notoriously lumpy over the last couple of years. And so I’m a little surprised that you’re confident in sequential growth in both of those quarters. So any color you could give there would be helpful.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah, I mean, the straightforward answer is on wired we actually have seen the design-wins, that I think we’ve alluded to several times in the past, actually beginning to ramp. Obviously, there is some aggregate macro CapEx uncertainty that could impact that. But underneath what’s going on in the industry that the products we’re in, OTN and GPON, we tend to seeing those ramp with infrastructure build-out internationally and domestically is happening. But you’re right, that can be lumpy. And wireless, again, I’ll go back to the answer I said earlier. We have actually visibility into our customers’ demand on us and their view on what they need to build out in particularly in China and in India on 4G and then the pre-5G business that Moshe referenced just a second ago internationally, North America included, that’s what we see.
Ross Seymore: Great. And then I guess just a one housekeeping one back to the share repurchase plan that you talked about. Just any color you could give, Lorenzo, on the percentage of the $3.5 billion in gross cash that you have that’s held onshore and what percentage of ongoing free cash flow is generated onshore?
Lorenzo Flores: So the way to answer that is of the $3.7 billion of gross cash, about two-thirds of it is categorized as permanently reinvested offshore. But about a third of the total has been deemed tax covered, I guess if you will, for the United States, so approximately two-thirds is available in the U.S. for use without book tax implications. It will be some cash tax implications on about a third of the total. Okay, and the mix of it as we generate it overtime, it’s a little dynamic, okay.
Ross Seymore: Did you say two-thirds of it was offshore or one third was offshore?
Lorenzo Flores: Well, it’s - so there is two-thirds of it offshore, but two-thirds of the total are - so half of that two-thirds, so one third of the total. We have basically provided tax provision for domestic purposes. So we could utilize that without having a U.S. tax book consequence.
Ross Seymore: Got it. Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: There is a [little impact for it] [ph], yeah.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Vinh with Pacific Crest. Your line is open.
John Vinh: Hi, thanks for taking my question. As we look at 4G, it appears that we’re in the kind of the latter stages of kind of the rollout here in China. I think most of the operators in China forecasting 4G CapEx down over the next several years. And obviously in mature markets, it’s probably rolled out. So as we look forward to 5G, which likely is going to roll out in a few years in 2018, do you think you’ll be able to continue to grow your comps revenues over the next few years or are there other offsets to that?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, 4G indeed has peaked and is no longer growing. But there are still deployments that are happening on 4G. Even in China, there are deployments. There are waves of 4G deployments and they are still going through those. And whenever there are waves you see some growth. On the - India now we are seeing - it’s a smaller market, but we’re seeing - we’ve been fortunate to get the right design wins. And those are being deployed in major way in India. Our expectation is that there is a level of densification, which is happening even in 4G, part of which we’re benefitting from. And then, we are already benefitting from the 5G early deployment. But that tends to be not huge volumes, but nonetheless it’s nice revenue for us. So we expect - the takeaway on wireless is we expect it to continue to be choppy. What we are seeing is on wired communications that now is growing at the nice rate and that’s where our technology lead - and that tends to be a less volatile market anyway and that’s where the technology leadership, in particular, initially in 20 and now even in 16 is helping grow our business. So we do expect communications overall to grow. I don’t expect it to grow as a percentage of our business, generally speaking over the next few years. And it’s been fluctuating between 40% to 45%. And I don’t expect it to grow beyond the 45%. Neither do I expect it to shrink below the 40%. And that’s sort of the general elements. And from time-to-time, when there will be massive deployment cycles on wireless, it could sort of push it up, but on average, we don’t expect that to change.
John Vinh: Got it, thank you. And my follow-up question is on kind of the Joint Strike Fighter. It seems to be more of a measured ramp this time around versus Phase 1, which was a little bit more lumpy. What is giving you better visibility this time around? And can you talk about kind of the magnitude of the second tranche? And how far through the ramp of Phase 2 are we at this point?
Lorenzo Flores: So we have a little bit better visibility. I think we said before, but it bears repeating that for all of the elements of the second cycle or the cycle we are on now, from the technology insertions. We’ve won all the designs available to us. So that’s how we get this visibility. We do expect it, and actually I’m at a loss right now for the aggregate number, but we can get back to you, but the - this is going to be - our view is it’s going to be spread over, let’s call it, 10 years in terms of the buying patterns and the build out. And, again, we’ll see actually business from the new technologies. And we’ll also see some of the business from the older technologies in the form of spares, replacements and things like that. So our visibility, John, is based on the design wins we have and the discussions we’ve had with the government primes, because they need to tell us when they are going to want them and expect to provide business to us. But it is not concentrated, right. That is the definite difference from what we saw in the last phase.
John Vinh: Great. Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: Yeah.
Moshe Gavrielov: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Steven Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. Lorenzo, I was hoping you could clarify a little bit on your color about where you are relative to your target model for fiscal year 2017. It sounded like you were saying you guys are tracking at the midpoint of that range. And I just want to clarify that you are saying you are sort of tracking at the midpoint towards the, say, 6% [ph] and 69%, versus saying, yes, we’re still within that range, though it could be a wide variance within that range of growth.
Lorenzo Flores: I think you got it. That’s what I was trying to communicate. Our best view right now is we are in the middle of those ranges.
Steven Smigie: Okay, great, thanks. And then with regard to using FPGAs as accelerators, in the last call you talked about the fact that there would be certain workloads where FPGAs would work well versus GPUs. I was hoping you could go into a little bit more detail about what workloads you see you guys are good at and where you are not good. And has that changed over time since you have gotten in there? Have you found, hey, we are better at some of these things than we initially thought?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, it’s a fast emerging market with a lot of excitement and a lot of invention just happening there. And there is a lot of ways of skinning the cat. You can do it through just using a lot of processers. The issue there is the - a lot of the applications tend to be extremely parallel. And then if you try to do it through processers you can only achieve so much, right, and what typically kills you is the power there. There is a certain class of applications, which require tremendous amount of floating point and that’s clearly the area, where GPUs have the edge. And Nvidia, in particular, has targeted this market for several years and has established a very good position. And I believe they’re shipping hundreds of millions of dollars. What is clear is that for a whole host of applications, the parallelism inside the FPGAs and, in particular, the fact that it’s dynamically reconfigurable, in other words, you can change the way the programmable logic behaves to adapt to the payloads and what the customer is doing, provides a significant advantage. And what we are doing is we are focusing on enabling that target market and those sorts of applications to use programmable logic. The key to enabling them to achieve that is actually to abstract the design, because these - if you look at the seven large players, they are not renowned for having FPGA designers, right? They tend to have a lot of software engineers and system engineers, but no - but very small number of FPGA designers. So at this point, the biggest issue is not in the architecture of the programmable logic. It’s actually in enabling the extraction. So the target users can expand. And that’s what we are focusing on. And as we have a whole range of products, which are called our SDx products, system design products, which are targeted to enable that. And we believe that those are the key to enabling us to unlocking the potential of the programmable logic. And over the next two to three years, we are going to make tremendous strides to address that and to broaden the set of customers. At this point, we need to do it one by one. And it’s based more on the skill-sets that our customers have, which are limited.
Steven Smigie: Great, thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. A quick question on the backlog items for a slight decline. Does that compare with the backlog that you provided a quarter ago, which excluded some customers on which you had good visibility, but were not in the backlog then?
Lorenzo Flores: So, Tristan, yes, we are - as I said, our backlog is slightly down. But we are in very, very analogous situation to where we were last quarter, which is - it looked like the turns requirement was greater than average. But we did have specific visibility into the accounts and the deals we were going to get in this quarter. And we are similarly positioned this quarter.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. And then kind of a higher-level question. There are obviously some very topical scenes in terms of growth in automotive, artificial intelligence, HPC. And at a high level, can you just give us a refresh on your views on why you think FPGA is a better position for any type of parallel processing application relative to GPU architecture, and in terms of growth outlook for the next few years? And what you think is most promising on the FPGA front?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So this could, how long do you have?
Tristan Gerra: Sorry.
Moshe Gavrielov: But, I mean, I’ll try to do it in a couple of minutes which is basically what we have. So at the core of our business is we are a diversified multimarket company. And that actually provides us with significant strength, because markets go up and down. And the fact that we have a lot, shields us from some of that volatility. As you look at the eight markets we play in, there is now an emergence of new markets which sometimes are part of existing markets that benefits significantly from the parallelism which is inherent in the programmable logic. And wherever you talk about artificial intelligence and that’s clearly an area which is in vogue now, there probably isn’t any architecture out there which is more parallel than programmable logic and has that ability for reconfiguration. So you can architect an ASSP which is very, very parallel. But then it typically isn’t reconfigurable, right. So if the target application changes or the payload changes then you tend to have a mismatch. And so, as you look at these then clearly data center and automotive fall into emerging applications, which benefit for that inherent parallelism. And then for each of those you need to have a different approach, but sometimes a similar underlying technology, which is market specific. And if you look at these players, it’s not a total coincidence that the data center companies are now expanding into autonomous driving, right. Because there are technologies which are an extension of what they’re developing that can be deployed there. And so, we see these areas as expansion plays for us. We try to be very realistic with regards to the growth of those markets. And we gave the number that for us we expect that these expansion plays, generally speaking, in a five year timeframe will enable us to expand by $500 million, right. And those two markets are two of the major ones. And if you look at our comments on data center for Xilinx for it to be $200 to $300 million market and you can see that we believe that automotive can also be a $200 to $300 million dollar market in that general timeframe.
Tristan Gerra: That’s very useful. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: All right, thank you. Your final question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura. Your line is open.
Romit Shah: Yes. Thank you. Sorry, I missed this. But what is the motivation for the, I think, you called it a more deliberate share buyback? Thank you.
Lorenzo Flores: So like I said, Romit, when we - in May when the Board was considering increasing the authorization part of the discussion, it was obviously how we would use it. And over the course of the last few months we’ve delivered it more on the use of it. Where we are in terms of aggregate cash, gross cash has been about the same since FY 2014. And then looking forward to our ability to invest in the business support the continually growing dividend and have the strategic flexibility around dealing with the debt that we have in FY 2017 - I mean, sorry, in calendar 2017, 2019 and 2021. And what then to do in terms of addressing questions we’re getting from our shareholder base in terms of the total capital we have and what our plans for, and our decision was really to be more deliberate about the utilization of the authorization as well as be a little more open in the communication about our plans on doing it. So that we communicate to our shareholders what we are doing and we go off and do it. That’s the broad context of what we did.
Romit Shah: Got it, thank you.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We will have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific Time, 8:00 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 will be Wednesday, January 25 after the market close. We will be attending the following conferences this quarter; the NASDAQ conference in London on November 29; the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale November 30; and the Barclays Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 7. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations, Xilinx, Inc. Lorenzo A. Flores - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian and I will be your conference operator. I'd like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations, Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO, and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the June quarter and then we'll open the call for questions. During the quarter, we reclassified our product categories to be consistent with how these categories are analyzed and reviewed internally. Specifically, we are grouping the products manufactured at the 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer nodes into a category named Advanced Products, while all other products will be included in the category entitled Core Products. This representation is consistent with what was presented at our recent analyst meeting. For comparative purposes, we have provided supplemental information on our website at www.investor.xilinx.com that presents results based on previous classifications. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We want to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available, that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It could be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Rick. In the June quarter, Xilinx sales were $575 million, up 1% sequentially and up 5% on a year-over-year basis. Advanced Products increased 10% sequentially and 60% year-over-year, with 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer products each reaching record sales and 16-nanometer beginning its revenue ramp. As expected, Core Products declined on a sequential and year-over-year basis. Communications increased 4% sequentially with growth from both wired and wireless. Communications has staged a modest, but consistent recovery since bottoming in the June quarter a year ago and is up 22% on a year-over-year basis. Industrial and A&D was down slightly with strength and test measurement and emulation not quite offsetting expected declines in industrial and aerospace and defense. Broadcast, Consumer & Automotive was flat on a sequential basis, slightly better than anticipated due to stronger orders from Zynq-driven ADAS applications. Both automotive and test and measurement reached record levels for the company in the June quarter. Gross margin in Q1 was 70.7%, higher than guided due to the mix of customers and products in addition to increased manufacturing efficiencies. We continued to aggressively optimize gross margin across our product portfolio. Operating expense, at $220 million, was in line with our guidance. Operating income for the quarter was $186 million or 32.4%. Other income and expense was an expense of $5 million, as guided. The tax rate was 10% for the quarter, better than guided. This included the impact of the early adoption of an accounting standard related to the treatment of stock-based compensation. Our net income for Q1 was $163 million or $0.61 a share. This included a positive $0.02 a share impact associated with the accounting standard I just referenced. Operating cash flow was $339 million, driven primarily by strong profitability and a significant reduction in accounts receivable. Diluted shares were $266 million, including $10.5 million from the convertible. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares for $100 million and we paid $84 million in dividend. Some key points on the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in gross cash and $2.1 billion net cash after our debt. Inventory was $195 million, up $17 million from the prior quarter and down $27 million from the same quarter a year ago. We continued to manage our inventory by balancing levels against expected demand and potential upsides from customers. Accounts receivable declined $90 million to $217 million, reflecting ordering patterns during the quarter. Now, turning to our September quarter guidance, we expect revenue to be approximately flat. We enter the quarter with backlog that is down sequentially, but we have forecasted demand from key customers that is not currently reflected in our backlog. As a result, we expect turns for the quarter to be approximately 54%. We expect Advanced Products to continue to grow, with 28-nanometer sales increasing to a new record, 20-nanometer exceeding $40 million and our 16-nanometer UltraScale+ family demonstrating material growth. With respect to end markets, Communications and Data Center is expected to decline after four consecutive quarters of growth. An increase in wired business will not completely offset a decrease in wireless sales. Industrial and A&D is expected to grow, driven primarily by strength in test, measurement and emulation along with growth in Aerospace & Defense and ISM. Broadcast, Automotive and Consumer will be flat sequentially. Our gross margin will be approximately 70% and our operating expense will be approximately $230 million, including $1 million of amortization. The increase in operating expense is in line with the investment in accelerating our leadership position, as we discussed at our Analyst Day. Other income and expense will be an expense of $4 million and our tax rate is expected to be 14%. Share count is expected to be $266 million. Finally, at our Analyst Day in May, we discussed our expectations for 4% to 8% growth in revenue for FY2017 along with gross margins in the 68% to 70% range and the accelerated investment I just mentioned. As we end our first quarter, we believe we are on track on all of these elements. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. (7:43) the financial results of the first quarter. We delivered revenue growth which was above the midpoint of our guidance and profitability was very strong. Our overall revenue growth was driven by sales of our Advanced Products, which increased 60% year-over-year and reached a new quarterly record. Overall, this demonstrated the strength of our diversified multi-market portfolio, with five of our eight end markets growing in the quarter. Gross margin reached 70.7%, resulting in an operating margin of 32.4%, the highest level in a year. We generated a record level of cash in the quarter, continued to demonstrate a commitment to shareholder return through both dividend and share repurchase. Our exceptional execution on the 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer nodes has now delivered three consecutive generations of unquestionable technology leadership. This is a testament to the success of our engineering and operations teams, working in concert with our world-class, industry-leading foundry partner, TSMC. The June quarter, for the third quarter in a row, our overall 28-nanometer sales delivered a new record. The overall 28-nanometer sales growth benefited from broad sales contribution from communications, industrial, automotive, test and measurement and consumer. In addition, our Zynq product family, a significant element of our market expansion efforts, reached a new sales record in the June quarter. Overall, 28-nanometer sales, including our Zynq offering, are expected to grow again in the September quarter. 20-nanometer revenue again reached a record level as sales in the quarter significantly exceeded our $30 million forecast. Virtex UltraScale, the industry's only high-end 20-nanometer product offering, continues to grow at a very significant rate as do sales from our Kintex UltraScale product family. We expect to ship over $40 million of 20-nanometer product in the September quarter. This accelerated 20-nanometer ramp continues to exceed our original expectations. At the 16-nanometer node, we have delivered all three UltraScale class product families ahead of schedule. We are already shipping six unique products to well over 100 customers and getting excellent feedback, in particular with regards to its production level quality, further extending our industry lead to well over a year. Consequently, we are accelerating our 16-nanometer tape-out schedules and broadening our offering at this node. This broad 16-nanometer product offering is being designed into applications in all of our major end markets and is enabling more platform-based designs than any previous generation. These advanced products are building significant momentum, enabled by four multi-market industry growth drivers: cloud computing, Embedded Vision, Industrial IoT and 5G wireless. In cloud computing, we're in production with three of the largest hyperscale data center consumers with two more in extensive trials. Additionally, we led the formation of the very broad CCIX Consortium with the singular role of bringing a high-performance, open acceleration framework to data centers. We're winning in fast-growing Embedded Vision applications across numerous markets including industrial, aerospace and defense, automotive, broadcast, and consumer. In particular, our ADAS penetration in automotive will reach 85 models this year. With regards to Industrial IoT, we're seeing continued success with both Zynq and Zynq UltraScale+ families, securing platform design wins with the largest Tier 1 players. Lastly, in 5G Wireless, we have 90% market share in pre-5G proof of concept deployments and 5G prototyping. We have attained an unprecedented position of strength, opportunity and momentum. This is driven by our exceptional execution, leadership products and customer adoption in the four multi-market drivers which will fuel long-term revenue growth. We are committed to maintaining this leadership while delivering 30% plus operating margin in the long term and continuing our strong commitment to shareholder return. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. Our first question comes from the line of Ian Ing.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. So Intel last week talked about being on track to ship Stratix 10 to customers, some samples this year. Obviously, you already shipped last year. Any thoughts in terms of what the potential share split is given the timing of product in customers' hands? Perhaps some boundaries around the share splits.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We can say that being more than a year ahead is tremendous benefit, having the broadest product offering is a tremendous benefit, having. Having production level material faster than we've ever achieved before is a tremendous benefit and that's why we're investing to exploit the leadership we have. So we have no idea how it will turn out, but this is the strongest position we've ever had over the past three nodes.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Thanks, Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Wong.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. What were your total revenues from Zynq in the quarter and what are currently the biggest end markets for Zynq?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So Zynq, just a second, well, let me start with the end markets for Zynq. The Zynq end markets, I think the showcase end market for Zync is really automotive and ADAS applications. The product is strong in wireless as well in many different applications and is also leading the Industrial IoT platform wins that we have. We think it's a little bit in the, what we call it, as a percent of our total revenue, 8% or so of our total revenue in Zync and continues to grow strongly quarter on quarter and year on year.
Operator: And our next question is the line of William Stein.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great, thanks for taking my question. Moshe, you talked about the CCIX at the Analyst Day and you mentioned it again today. Can you sort of frame the current impact or expected impact of this? Are there products that are relevant to this consortium? Is there any revenue or customer interest? Any details would be helpful.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So this is a market which today is dominated by Intel's very strong position on the server space. It's a market which is fast emerging; it's expected to be a very large market going forward and the expectation is that it will get split between additional players as competitive products are available from these players. Now these competitive products can come from a variety of architectures. They can come from x86 solutions; they can come from power-based solutions and then they can come from the numerous players who are committed to the ARM architecture. Those additional ones are still to emerge at the performance level which will enable them to penetrate the market. CCIX is basically an opportunity which now has been identified by all of these other players as the need to have a common interface standard that all can integrate and support. From our perspective, we did, at the analyst meeting, talk about one product, at least conceptually, which targets this market which will be implemented in 16-nanometer and then will have our traditional all-programmable devices at 16-nanometer and also a whole host of solutions at 7-nanometer that address the market. For us, we believe this has the potential of being several hundred million dollars in the 2020 timeframe. In order to get to that point, it was really essential to have this multi-partner opportunity, open multi-partner opportunity, in order to enable us to participate broadly in it. And so, at this point in time, our revenue in data center does not yet comprehend this opportunity. It's more in traditional storage and networking data center applications. Over the next few years, we expect our business to grow to reflect that. So that's about as much information as I can give at this point in time. I hope it helps.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That's helpful. If I can get a follow-up, in server acceleration in the data center, there is discussion not only of FPGA being helpful here, but also GPU. And I'm wondering if you view that as a stable competitive environment or if the dynamics there are changing. Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So as I said, this is an emerging opportunity. And as such, the historic position is clearly led by Intel. And that's driven off their server and high-performance strength. NVIDIA definitely identified several years ago this as an opportunity and they have invested heavily and we believe that there is a host of applications which are served well by a GPU solution. But that is a subset and not a particularly dominant subset of the future applications that will use this. And so we do expect this market which is a large market and will grow rapidly over the next few years to be serviced by numerous solutions from numerous players. GPUs definitely will be one, but they have a whole host of applications where, due to power and a whole host of other issues, they don't provide an optimum solution and programmable logic actually can provide much higher performance per watt per dollar, the most – the best solution in that regard. And that's why we're talking to all seven major hyperscale players and a few other players too. And we believe that our solution will have value for a whole host of these new applications. Having said that, we expect that GPUs will continue to do well in this market too.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Chris Danely.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks guys. Just a clarification on the yearly guidance. So you're sticking with the guidance provided at the Analyst Day. On the gross margin, could it be 70% for the next couple of quarters? And then on the OpEx, are you still saying that SG&A is going to be flat and that the 7% to 9% growth is all R&D?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So I'll start backwards. On OpEx, that guidance is essentially true, we can see plus or minus a couple million dollars. But in aggregate, the expense growth is R&D. On gross margin, I'm not going to go into specific guidance for the second half. The 68% to 70% range for the year that we provided at the Analyst Day comprehends a few different scenarios about how the actual revenue, product and customer mix would come out. And so I think we're comfortable leaving that range.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ross Seymore.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi guys. Just a question from the end market side of things in your Communications and Data Center side, out of that 44% of revenues, can you remind us the split between wireless and wireline, and to the extent the wireless side is falling off, how do you view where we are in the wireless market? Obviously a year ago, we had a huge inventory drawdown and then you've grown nicely since then. Is that inventory refill back to a normalized level and will we ship with demand from here forward? And if so, what are your views on demand? Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So as you look at Communications and you break it down between wired and wireless, what happens is they tend to have different characteristics. Wireless tends to be more choppy. Wired tends to be more gradual in terms of its growth. What we've seen is on the wired side, basically driven by a very strong technology portfolio, that business has been growing now consistently, and in particular, it's being driven by 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer shipments. On the wireless side, it is volatile. It had its ebb, its lowest point in the June quarter of last year and since then it has recovered. It's grown by about 40% since that low point. It hasn't gotten back to its peak and we don't necessarily expect it to get back to its peak. Its peak was about 2X higher than its low point. But it's hovering just about in the middle and we expect it to continue to go up and down, but more around this new number, right, as opposed to the low point. And it will be based on deployments. During the past quarter, China was steady, India was up; EMEA was weak. North America was steady; it sort of tends to change from quarter to quarter as the deployments are geographically spread around the world. But we do expect Communications generally to continue to grow. And if you can neutralize the wireless volatility or sort of flatten it out, we do see that the communications market overall, including data center, to be a long-term growth driver for us. Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Vivek Arya.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. And Moshe, thanks for the color around the wireless business. I had one follow-up to that. If you look at your content in a base station today, how does it compare to what you had the year before or the year before that? I understand the volatility in deployments. But over a longer period of time, when I look at the low growth in this Communications business, for not just yourself, but for your competitor as well, has it been a unit issue or has it been a content issue? That yes, units have been volatile, but is it possible that content has not grown at the same pace? And any color around that would be very useful. Thanks.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So from generation to generation, the level of integration is much higher and the power reduction requirements are becoming more and more significant. And as such, we're seeing a higher level of integration and our customers are moving to the higher end of our product offering. It's still – it's not the high end. It's not Virtex products, but it's Kintex and Zynq products. And generally speaking, the percentage of the dollar content which is implemented in programmable logic, be it Zynq or be it a non-programmable solution, has gone up from generation to generation. What we're seeing – and so if you look at the numbers, on average, 4G was higher than 3G. Best we can tell, 5G is an incredibly sophisticated requirement with – and as we are being used in a vast majority of the early deployments, these are not going to be the massive deployments. Those are still three or four years ahead of us. But we're sort of seeing the level of complexity is very high and unquestionably, the level of integration is high. And I would say generally speaking, the average price that we realize has gone up with a significantly higher level of functionality. The volatility is due to markets happening at different rates. In particular, China is very difficult to predict, but I wouldn't say that overall we've seen the dollar content shrink at all. It's gone the other way at this point, per unit.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Tristan Gerra.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good afternoon. Could you elaborate a little bit on the operational efficiencies and mix? I know you're not providing a gross margin guidance beyond this current quarter. But if you could explain a little bit what's happening in terms of operational efficiencies and whether there is a lasting effect that we can expect beyond this coming quarter.
Lorenzo A. Flores - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Right. So, Tristan, as you know, the gross margin has direct price, direct cost and manufacturing overhead type of components that drive it. And we have a portfolio of customers, a portfolio of end markets. And the customers all take, in those end markets, a portfolio of different products. So what we see across the board is a continued drive toward manufacturing side efficiencies, getting our products at lower costs over time. We see continued price pressure from our customers across the board. And larger customers, obviously assert more price pressure. And we just – we try to balance that and continue to get the broad savings to manifest themselves in our overall gross margin. On the overhead side, that will swing from time to time with different factors and what we're doing with inventory strategies. But in general, we're approaching manufacturing efficiencies there very aggressively as well. So as is common in the semiconductor industry, costs continue to go down, but price pressure continues to increase. And we, again, try to manage that through the broad portfolio that we have.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And just to sort of summarize because Lorenzo gave you all of the data without answering the question, we think the 68% to 70% will continue to be in the foreseeable future where we are. Could we from time to time, as we are now, just rise above that? Yes. But that is neither our target nor do we think that it's a sustainable goal going forward.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ambrish Srivastava.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Thank you. We talked about Communications. I was wondering if you could talk about the other end markets. And specifically embedded in your guidance, what are the – how are these end markets behaving versus what you would normally expect if there is any such thing as normal in the semi industry? That would be helpful if you could provide us with some – extra additional color on the other major end markets. Thank you very much.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, Ambrish, we break it down into eight markets overall. And we're very pleased that we hit above the midpoint. But if you look at the growth overall, it was not huge. It was driven by five of the eight markets I think we highlighted, which – those were in terms of the past product. And it's wired and wireless were up, automotive was up, Consumer was up and test – yes, test was up quite significantly. Going forward, we're looking at flat, right? So there's probably going to be some up and some down. And I can only give you a short-term projection at this point in time. But as you look into the second half of the year, if I had to guess, we do expect Communications to continue to grow slightly. We expect A&D to be flat. We expect Automotive to be up significantly, driven by the large number of design wins we have and we would expect ISM also to get back into a growth mode. So that's the best forecast we can give you for the second half based on what we know now. And just for the upcoming quarter, I think Lorenzo gave some of our prognostication there. Next question, please?
Operator: Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. Our next question is from the line of Anil Doradla.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So Moshe, I think you referred to Zynq contributing about 8% of revenues right now. A little surprised. I thought that would be higher; might be in double digits. Now is this contribution volatile or it's been pretty much in the – kind of the high single digits over the last couple quarters?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Anil, I think we were quite clear in the past. If you look at our entire offering, there's several generations that are now contributing, the first generation where there was a Zynq product line was a 28-nanometer and that's providing nearly all of that number. It's driven by three markets, as Lorenzo mentioned: wireless, automotive and industrial market. Of those three, wireless has gone into production; automotive is going into production and should grow very rapidly and the industrial market tends to move quite a bit slower. So that is ahead of us. What you will see is as the 28-nanometer grows, then the next growth vector, which is driven by the Zynq product line, will be a 16-nanometer where we have a lot of design wins. You could assume that that will follow a similar pattern to what we've seen at 28-nanometer. So – and this'll drive our market expansion. It'll just be delayed by three years or four years vis-à-vis what you saw at the 28-nanometer in terms of its significance. And that's the nature of the businesses we're in. They move at a slow rate. So as it's a new product line with a new role in the customer systems, it has now – starting to be significant. But in the same way the 28-nanometer took several years to get to where it is now, Zynq, which is a subset of that and was late – was the last part of the product offering we rolled out is now starting to hit its stride market by market. And the next growth in 28-nanometer is going to be in automotive then. By industrial, we actually see a lot of aerospace and defense going forward and then we'll start seeing the 16-nanometer version. Would I like for it to be faster and – yep, I would. But reality is that's the nature of the business we're in. Hope that answered your question.
Operator: Our next question is Romit Shah.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Kristin Shaka (37:14) in for Romit. So my question is more on the automotive side. Even though we've had some strong results in the automotive semi space so far this earnings season, I think we're still seeing some concern about declining vehicle unit SAAR. Are you seeing any weakening in auto unit demand in the coming quarter or do you think demand is going to hold steady?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So we are expanding both the footprint we have in terms of the models that include Xilinx-based ADAS systems, and those – as well as the depth, continuing to move from premium to mid-tier to lower-tier in terms of the offering. So unit growth is going to be less of an impact to us than overall penetration and expansion. That, as Moshe said earlier, will show as significant growth in the automotive business for us through the year.
Operator: And our next question...
Lorenzo A. Flores - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Pitzer.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Moshe, I kind of want to go back to the gross margins. And given how high your gross margins are, it's a little silly to nitpick. But when I look at the quarter just reported, you would have thought that both by end market and geo, that the mix would have provided actual headwinds to gross margin, you guys actually put up really good numbers. And I understand the long-term target that you talked about of 68% to 70%. I'm just kind of curious as to why that is the long-term target. Do you feel like that's the gross margin level needed to drive your growth aspirations? I'm just kind of arguing, given the value you bring to customers, why shouldn't gross margins migrate up to that sort of low- to mid-70%s range permanently?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know, you're right, it's a balance between growth and profitability. And we think we are striking the right point here with – we believe that we can over time generate more gross margin dollars if we stay at this level and not aspire to higher levels. And that's the trade-off that we are striving for at this point in time. And there's very few examples that are sustainable at higher levels that can provide growth. And one of the things we want to do is to deliver the 6% growth on average over the next few years. And so that's what we are targeting at this point in time.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ian Ing with a follow-up.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Hi, yes. Thank you for a follow-up. Apologize if this was asked, but turns higher in September because key customers are giving you forecasts instead of firm orders. Could you talk more about the applications there and what gives you confidence those forecasts will become orders actually?
Lorenzo A. Flores - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So I won't talk about the specific customers or applications, but we have done extensive work in identifying the additional orders that we expect to come in this quarter to hit our revenue guidance, and we have confidence that those will come in.
Operator: And our next question is another follow-up from Chris Danely.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks, guys. So your major competitor was acquired a while ago. I was just wondering if you can maybe give us some perspective on, has anything changed over there? Has it been about as you would have expected, anything different going on across the way?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we're definitely focused on our execution. What we are seeing is, we seem to be very far ahead. We were far ahead on 28-nanometer, definitely very far ahead on 20-nanometer and we appear to clearly have this one-plus year advantage on 16-nanometer versus their offering. We are pursuing this with gusto. I think that by the end of the year, it will be clearer how Intel will decide to maximize their return on their $17 billion investment. And – but at this point in time, I would say that the – as I check with our sales force, they appear to be winning based on the very strong technology portfolio, both on the silicon and the software and the IP that we have. And that is a multi-year investment we have made which has come to fruition now. And I believe that most of the success we're seeing now is a result of that as opposed to anything else. I do believe the jury is still out with regards to how Intel will pursue the market long-term. There are various options they have, some of which may make more sense to them than the others. But when you look at the customer base, we're seeing customer base becoming more and more interested as there's massive consolidation in the semiconductor industry which everyone, including yourself, have commented on numerous times, the customers are recognizing that they need to align with companies who are around and are committed to perpetuating their model. And that, I believe, has benefited us over the past year as it has become clearer and clearer that we're committed to this business and we're committed to technology leadership. And I think that's the other thing which maybe has changed in the competitive environment is actually the customer's approach is quite different. And that's not only due to Intel, but it's due to other things that have happened in the industry which are highlighting that there are fewer and fewer players who are going to be around to advanced nodes. And Xilinx has demonstrated that it can and will do that. And our increased investment is another proof point that we're going to be there for them. Any more questions?
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up from Blayne Curtis.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Lots of calls tonight. I just wanted to follow up back on that, Moshe. Obviously, you can see the timing of your products and it does appear that you have a lead. I guess when you look at the results and you still get them from your competitor, they're growing a little faster year-over-year. And obviously, it's hard – you have to look at a broader period here. I'm just kind of curious. At this point, 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer should be contributing some outperformance. So you're in the weeds. I'm just kind of curious to hear your perspective as to why that hasn't shown up yet and when do you think you should be able to see some outperformance from this year again?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Blayne, the numbers – the competitive numbers are very sparse. There's one number. There's no breakdown. There's lots of things that can be done. There's no understanding if it's new nodes or old nodes, right? And all I can say is we knew – we've grown our Advanced Products 60% year-over-year. That's 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer, and 16-nanometer. So – and that's what is happening. The old nodes are now contracting, in the contraction phase. They're contracting at a slower level than they had been in the past, so we think that the headwind from that is going to be slower. And what we're seeing is massive growth of our new technology and massive sets of design wins and very close alignment from the customer. So I don't – I think all of the data which is available is such that indicates that Xilinx continues to do extremely well. And I think it's – if there was a huge breakdown, we could – a more detailed breakdown, we could tell, right? But it's like this is great in terms of technology leadership and in terms – and it's great in terms of revenue growth at these new nodes. And that's what matters for us. So it's going to be more and more difficult to do meaningful comparisons going forward. But we're very comfortable with our position; we're very comfortable with the absolute results we're delivering and we're very comfortable that our market share on new nodes now for three nodes in a row is substantially – and that is substantially – above the natural market share in the past. The analysis of that and what the outcome is, is pretty clear.
Operator: Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. And at this time, I'm showing no further audio questions. Presenters, I turn it back to you.
Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations, Xilinx, Inc.: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us today. We will have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 will be Wednesday, October 19, after the market close. We'll be attending the following conferences this quarter: the Pacific Crest Global Technology Forum on August 9; the Jefferies Semiconductor Hardware and Communication Infrastructure Summit in Chicago on August 30, and the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York City on September 7. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for the First Quarter FY 2017 Earnings Release Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-04-27 21:45:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations, Xilinx, Inc. Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc. William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day. My name is Skinner and I'll be your conference operator. I'd like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations, Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, Chief Executive Officer; Jon Olson, Chief Financial Officer; and Lorenzo Flores, Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller. As we announced in February, Jon will be retiring in May with Lorenzo succeeding him as CFO. Jon will continue to support the transition through July. Jon and Moshe will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter and fiscal 2016. Moshe will add a high level perspective on fiscal 2017, and Lorenzo will follow with June quarter and FY 2017 guidance. We look forward to providing you with more details at our upcoming analyst day on May 23. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available, and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Rick. Fiscal year 2016 was another profitable year for Xilinx although revenue did not meet our expectations going into the year. Revenue was $2.2 billion for the year, down 7% from last year but strengthening throughout FY 2016. Gross margin remained strong through the year, averaging 69.7% as our pricing and cost management efforts continued to have a positive impact. Operating margin exceeded 30% based on these margin management efforts and prudent spending. Cash flow margin was 33%, the same as last year. So our lower revenues contributed to a lower operating cash flow of $730 million. We repurchased 9.7 million shares for $443 million and paid $319 million in dividends, a total return of $761 million. This is the second straight year we have returned over 100% of cash flow and 11th straight year of dividend increase. Turning now to a discussion of the fourth quarter. Xilinx sales were $571 million, up 1% as new products continued to grow and we saw stabilizing trends across our end market segments. Communications was flat with a small growth in wireless offsetting a small decline in wired. Industrial and A&D was down slightly with strength in aerospace and defense offsetting declines in industrial, and test and measurement. Broadcast, consumer and automotive grew 6% powered by another record quarter in automotive, demonstrating our strength in ADAS. Gross margin in Q4 was 69.2%, higher than last quarter and higher than expected due to the mix of customers and products in addition to lower product ramp expenses. We continued to aggressively manage both the pricing and cost sides of gross margin. Operating expense at $217 million was slightly lower than our guidance. A reminder here that a significant part of the decline from Q3 was due to the 14th week in our Q3. The increase in revenue, gross margin, and lower operating expense drove an increase of more than 10% in operating income for the quarter, up to $178 million. Other income and expense was an expense of $8 million, higher than forecasted due to an equity investment write-off. The tax rate was 14.6% for the quarter. Our net income for Q4 was $146 million or $0.54 per share. Operating cash flow was $127 million, down from last quarter, primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable. Diluted shares were 268 million shares including 10.5 million shares from the convertible. During the quarter, we repurchased 3 million shares for $143 million and we paid $80 million in dividends. Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $3.6 billion in gross cash and $2 billion in net cash after our debt. As mentioned above, we saw an increase in accounts receivable to $307 million. This was entirely due to the timing of customer shipments in the quarter, and we see no credit or collectability issues. Inventory was $179 million, down from $17 million from the prior quarter and down $52 million from the beginning of the year as we continue to manage inventory down. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Jon. I am very pleased with both the financial and operating results of the fourth quarter. Our revenue has rebounded to its highest level in over a year, while expanding the growth momentum which started in the fiscal third quarter. As Jon discussed, both profitability and cash flow remained robust throughout the entire year, reflecting our strong business model. Our execution on the 28, 20, and 16-nanometer nodes has been exceptional. The realignment driven in our sales organization is leading to stronger customer relationships and expanding our reach. We are confident this will translate into revenue growth from both market share gains and market expansion. Following are some achievements, which illustrate the strength of our position. Our technology and product leadership has translated to 4 points of PLD market share gains over the past five years. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we delivered record sales on the 28-nanometer node and expect to set a significant new record in the June quarter. Our 20-nanometer family approached $100 million in revenue in fiscal year 2016, while significantly exceeding our targets in all four quarters of fiscal year 2016. We expect to ship well over $30 million of 20-nanometer product in the June quarter. In a successful demonstration of our market expansion efforts, revenue from our Zynq product line more than doubled in fiscal year 2016. Zynq is particularly strong in the automotive, wireless and industrial markets. For example, our automotive business has grown over 60% over the past two years driven by deployment of advanced driver assistance applications in over 60 automobile models. At the 16-nanometer node, we have delivered all three UltraScale+ product families ahead of schedule and have already shipped six unique products to several tens of customers. Our one year plus leadership in 16-nanometer products has generated multi $100 million design wins on customer platforms, which in the past have traditionally been ASSP based. We have established data center partnerships targeting data center acceleration initiatives with both IBM and Qualcomm and are deeply engaged with multiple hyperscale data center customers. Lastly, we completed the rollout of the SDx family of software-defined development environments. This is a key capability to significantly expanding our user base beyond traditional PLD designers to a much larger community of systems and software engineers. We finished fiscal year 2016 with undisputed product leadership on the silicon, software and IP fronts, very well positioned in multiple markets coupled with much deeper engagements with key customers and partners. Our excellent execution could not have come at a more opportune time. The consolidation in the semiconductor industry is leading to rationalization and elimination of competing product lines at both traditional ASIC and ASSP companies. This phenomenon has opened up new growth opportunities for Xilinx as the vendor of choice with our existing and new customers. This is a carpe diem opportunity. The time is ripe for us to capitalize on the three successive generations of leadership to expand our market position. We intend to do this by simultaneously pursuing on the following four fronts. On the 16-nanometer UltraScale+ front, due to its excellent software and pristine silicon functionality, we have elected to both accelerate our currently planned 16-nanometer tape-outs and expand the original product portfolio. These multimarket 16-nanometer products complement our successful 20-nanometer family with its estimated 80% market share. They address near-term revenue growth opportunities in the data center market tailored for the first wave of 5G deployments in the 2018 timeframe, while positioning us for longer-term massive 5G deployment. After that, serve the automotive market and form the basis for expanding our platform wins in the Industrial Internet of Things. Similarly, we are executing on our plans to deliver our 7-nanometer product offerings. This capitalizes on our extremely tight relationship with our absolutely outstanding foundry partner TSMC to satisfy the advanced technology needs of our leading-edge customers. This is another pillar of our SAM expansion strategy. In parallel, we are committed to providing our customers with an attractive high volume spot in 7-nanometer family. This family will be implemented in 20-nanometers and will expand our market position in the price-sensitive parts of the market. On the software front, we will enable market expansion by a breakout in integration and programming models targeted to high growth segments driven by cloud computing, vision processing, including, but not limited to ADAS, the Industrial Internet of Things and 5G. Our plans for fiscal year 2017 while aggressive are based on the financial principles we have consistently demonstrated. We're committed to continuing to invest prudently to preserve and extend our market position, while delivering longer term a 30%-plus operating margin and preserving our commitment to return cash to our shareholders. Before I turn the call over to Lorenzo who will discuss the financial guidance of Q1 and the rest of fiscal year 2017, I would like to use this opportunity to personally thank Jon for his 11 years of extremely significant contributions and exemplary partnering at the helm of Xilinx. Lorenzo, you have big shoes to fill.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: Thank you, Moshe, and I also would like to thank Jon specifically for the leadership function over the past 11 years. Moshe has established the compelling opportunity for Xilinx, and now I want to provide you all with the financial guidance aligned to our taking advantage of that opportunity. Starting with Q1, revenue will be approximately flat. We entered the quarter with backlog down slightly and are expecting turns to be about 49%. We expect new products to continue to grow with 28-nanometer growing to a new record, and 20-nanometer exceeding $30 million. With respect to end markets, communications and data center growth will offset a decline in industrial and A&D. Communications and data center growth reflects a continued ramp of our customers' wired designs and a near-term firming in wireless. The decline in industrial and A&D is primarily due to program timing in A&D. Broadcast, automotive, and consumer will be down slightly reflecting a small inventory cycle in automotive and a small decline in broadcast. Our gross margin will be between 69% and 70%, and our operating expense will be approximately $220 million including $1 million of amortization. Other income and expense will be an expense of $5 million and our tax rate is expected to be 14%. Share count is expected to be 266 million. As we move into the discussion of our full year guidance, I want to remind the audience that we have our analyst day on the May 23 in Boston. While I expect there will be questions on the full year guidance, we will give further details at our analyst day. First on revenue, we see annual revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 8%. This will be driven by growth in communications and data center and broadcast, consumer and automotive and to a lesser degree by industrial and A&D. Within communications and data center, all end markets will show growth including wireless, as it has recovered from the low points in FY 2016. In broadcast, consumer, and automotive, we expect automotive to continue to grow strongly, although at a reduced rate with the other end markets showing some growth. In industrial and A&D, the overall growth of the segment will be mitigated by program timing factors in A&D, although the underlying business in A&D remains healthy. We see the growth of our overall business weighted into the second half of the fiscal year. For gross margin, we expect to remain in the range of 68% to 70%. Our price and cost management efforts will continue to support our gross margin, though we expect some pressure from product ramp expenses and customer mix through the year. For the past few years, we have been deliberately increasing our relative emphasis on R&D, while extracting efficiency from SG&A. This has provided the resourcing for the execution we have seen on 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer and now 16-nanometer, and has put us in the advantageous position Moshe has described. We are continuing that approach with an investment level and focus consistent with addressing the opportunity we see in front of us. In order to capitalize on and extend our market position, operating expense is expected to grow 7% to 9% with almost all of the growth being in research and development. This growth funds the expansion of our leadership position with the 28-nanometer Spartan-7, significant increases in tape-out expenses to accelerate our lead in 16-nanometer, and our leading 7-nanometer product development. Other income and expense will decline slightly through the year from the $5 million quarter level in the first quarter. This will mean that we will see approximately half the expense we saw in fiscal year 2016, a significant improvement driven by last year's interest rate increases and a small anticipated increase in interest rates in FY 2017. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 14%. With the growth in revenue and the operating assumptions I've described, we anticipate low single digit growth in earnings per share in fiscal year 2017. Let me now open up the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Our first question comes from Romit Shah from Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Oh, hi. Thank you. It's the first time I'm hearing about some softness in automotive. I think you guys made the comment for fiscal 2017 that it would grow, but perhaps a little bit more slowly. So could you give us some more color on what's happening with your automotive business?
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: Sure. I'm not exactly sure I relate to the softness characterization. I think what we're reflecting is the rate of growth in the past couple of years has been very significant, although the rate of growth in FY 2017 will also be significant, it just won't be at that same rate.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: You mentioned in your prepared remarks that there was some inventories in automotive, I wasn't sure specifically where that might be.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Romit. This is Jon. I'm not exactly sure where you heard that. What we're trying to characterize is that the automotive segment for us is growing quite significantly and has been and is going to continue. We are experiencing in the industrial side a period of slower growth than we had anticipated, just because of some macroeconomic areas, but definitely no inventory issues with respect to automotive.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Maybe I just misunderstood, Jon. And the other question I had was on 7-nanometer, can you give us a sense on when you think you'll be ramping 7-nanometer and in particular, what does that sort of mean for your opportunity in data centers?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me take a cut at that. So, data center is a fast-emerging market, and it's still in the nascent period, so it's a market which we expect over the next five years to grow at a rapid rate. For us, it could be significant and in that sort of timeframe as we execute, we believe that it could be a multi $100 million market, which for us is a big number. We can service it and we are servicing it already with our existing product portfolio, so we actually have design wins in 20-nanometer, 16-nanometer, and I'm pretty sure we would expect to have significant design wins in 7-nanometer too. What you will get from 7-nanometer is typically higher level integration, higher performance, lower power, all of these things are important to this market where every two years to three years, there's a total refresh of the data centers due to the rapid rate of evolvement. So data center is a big driver of our 7-nanometer business, but actually part of the expansion of our 16-nanometer we expect to have significant benefits, that's targeted at data center too. So, you don't need to wait until 7-nanometer in order to see our revenue growth in data center, it should come ahead of that. Given the nature of our business, after we tape out the device, it typically takes a year to move into production, and then the deployment is very market-specific. So, there are markets that deploy very quickly. Emulation is an example of the one which deploys fastest, but data center is also a fast time to market for us, so probably 7-nanometer, our data center product, should be generating revenue, 2019-2020, that sort of timeframe. All right, hopefully that answers your question.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: It does. Thanks, Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Stein from SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I'm hoping you might be able to help us understand what looks like a bit of a lower than expected outlook in the industrial, aero and defense. It sounds like it's more aerospace and defense linked both for the June quarter and the full year. And I guess I'm a little perplexed because my expectation was that that end market was improving this year owing to DoD budgets and the like. Maybe it's more commercial aerospace that you're exposed to. Any clarification there could really help, in particular both for the quarter and for the full year.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, This is Jon. Let me take that one. So I think, Will, you're familiar with the fact that we characterized we had a roll-off of a very large program and we bottomed out, I think, in our June quarter of this past year for aerospace and defense. And we have had incremental improvement in each quarter from that point. Actually, bottomed out in September, excuse me, in the September quarter, not the June quarter. We've had incremental improvement in every quarter and we do expect that incremental improvement to continue in aerospace and defense. It's just that when you look at the full year, we still ship quite a bit of product in our first quarter of last year that is dragging the year-on-year comparison down, so it's a modest growth in aerospace and defense.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It is actually a very stable, strong comeback for us, and when the redesign of the F35 capability starts kicking in more towards the end of the next fiscal year, I think you're going to see some acceleration there. Industrial has been more bit of a timing issue for us with certain customers, A, and then some recent softness particularly in the APAC that we're seeing softness in industrial and in a couple of our regions, and that's going to grow a little more slowly than we thought, but we still are expecting pretty significant growth on a year-on-year basis.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That's helpful.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'm sorry.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Was going to add something.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: Yeah, I was just, you know, the FY 2017 A&D business is, I would characterize as there's a very broad base of projects underneath it extending from electronic warfare to munitions to data analysis and communication systems. And it's different from when we had the very large GSF program as Jon described. So, I think I would characterize it as a very strong and diverse market in A&D. But it is coming off of the cycle that Jon described.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That's helpful. Maybe if I can ask for a brief update on the broadcast end market. I know it's relatively small, but it's one of these sub-industries in your end-market categorization that tends to move around a lot. I'm wondering what the trends are there.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: Well, there's two parts to that, the way I think about it. One is the cameras and then the other part is a distribution aspect of things. And the distribution aspect is moving more towards server and common platforms, and in some cases we're actually seeing some of that start to bleed into what we would call our classic communications business as IP protocols are used more. Camera business has tended to be more around trends of the technology, so thinking of the move to 4K and then 8K beyond that. So we are seeing relative strength in the whole camera side of it, because of those trends more towards 4K in terms of recording content and things like that. The other side of the distribution we're seeing relative softness.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Thank you. I had a question on the OpEx. You guys have done a very good job the last couple years being very disciplined on the OpEx side. What are you seeing that OpEx is going up so much this year? And then I had a longer-term architectural question for you, Moshe, if you could please address that. There's a lot of conversation around accelerating compute in the data center. And so if you could please provide us your perspective on where do FPGAs sit. If we look at the different kinds of workloads and what's the trade off in power versus performance, and specifically, does the fact that Intel is able to put FPGA and a server chip on a single, either on a package or a single die. Does that create moats or disadvantages for your solution? I noticed you had another announcement at the POWER Summit. Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Okay, Ambrish. So thanks for the first question, I wanted to make sure that I clarify. What we believe is we now have almost a once in a lifetime opportunity, and this is driven by two things. One is outstanding execution and I'm not going to keep beating that dead horse. I think I can assume that the issue of credibility on that topic is no longer in question. I hope so.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): No, it's not.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Not for me at least, Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. It has been in the past, and I think now with three generations of leadership, allow me to feel vindicated on that topic. So when you've delivered on that and you see the massive changes which are happening in the market, and no way am I minimizing the challenges of competing with very large corporations like Intel, like the new Broadcom, et cetera. But in reality what is happening is, the semiconductor market has matured, is changing radically, and it's changing in a way where a lot of applications which in the past could justify an ASIC or there would be a small and medium-sized ASSP company that would provide a complete solution. Neither the ASICs are particularly viable and most of those little companies and medium size companies have gone. They've disappeared and some have merged, some just are no longer viable. But in reality, a lot of those product lines do not have a path going forward. And this is a multimarket trend, right? So I wouldn't say that it's true in every single market, but it's true in a lot of the markets that we service that we actually now are finding that we have the – it's a much larger TAM we can address through our product offering, because our product offerings have evolved and with the Zynq product line and the like and the integrated capabilities, we can provide an alternative to ASSPs. And so both through our technology, through our market leadership and through the fact that the consolidation largely is eliminating solutions for a lot of these markets, which might not be multi-billion dollar markets, but they're nice markets for us, we are the best game in town, and the customers are telling us that. So I'm sitting in front of this great opportunity saying, okay, we have the technology leadership, and these opportunities are coming up. Do I take my foot off the gas? Do I keep my foot on the gas but where it was? Or do I push the pedal all the way down to the metal? And this was a strategic discussion we had, and we figured out that we can still remain at 30% plus operating margin and grow to that point in and around and over time grow a bit there, and we'll talk a little more about that in May. But we're at the high end of profitability, so we might as well exploit this. And in a nutshell, this is an opportunity, and we think it would be foolhardy not to pursue it. And as I said, we can do this while retaining a fabulous return of cash to investors with almost best-in-class operating margin, we can still do all of that. So, yes, that's the message we try to deliver and we will provide a little more clarity on that, and that's why you're seeing the investment grow, and it's almost all in R&D because we have to do more tape-outs and we have to develop a few more things in parallel. So one way of doing it, of encapsulating this, and this could be viewed as being arrogant, we're doing it because we can. The other way of looking at it is we're doing it because we can't afford not to exploit this great opportunity, right? And that's the thinking behind this. So, hopefully, again that clarifies the strategic question. On the architectural issue and data centers, so again, this is an evolving market, which is nascent at this point in time, and it's a market which traditionally has been serviced by CPUs. And over the past several years, NVIDIA in particular has identified that there are segments that are well serviced by GPUs and they actually have established a strong foothold in the market. What has become very clear and there's a lot of papers from third parties, there's one from Microsoft which analyze what happens with these massively parallel applications and how well they do if instead of just using a CPU or a GPU, you actually use an FPGA or programmable logic. And what they found is that for a lot of very critical applications, there's anywhere between potentially a 10x to 35x improvement in performance per watt if you use programmable logic. And that's the essence. That market is evolving. It's a market which is unique because most of it, at this point in time, is controlled by very large independent companies that actually control the ecosystem for this. So it doesn't require a Microsoft with all of the x86 applications. It can be thought of as an embedded application, which is controlled by these very large companies. And these very large companies are looking for alternatives to Intel and alternatives to GPUs, and this was cited by Intel justifiably as one of the reasons that they acquired Altera and paid what they did for Altera. It was worth that much for them. Going forward, we expect the market to bifurcate into an Intel x86 camp and everyone else, with everyone else regardless of their x86 or power-based or ARM-based, and for most of these other players this is a significant growth market, then we are realistically the only game in town. Hence, we believe that that's very profitable for us. On the Intel x86 side, we do believe that Intel will do all sorts of integration things. Regardless of that, as we talk to these hyperscale customers, they're indicating to us that for a lot of their requirements, actually a non-integrated solution which they totally control is more attractive than one which is dictated to them from above. And so we're investing heavily. We think we have a big lead on the technology side, and we do expect this to be a multi-hundred-million-dollar opportunity, but again this is in a five-year timeframe. We have design wins, we have several of them. They are going to go into production soon, and this is both likely in North America and outside North America. But it's still early days. And again, being a multimarket company, we believe that this will be a significant growth opportunity for us. So I apologize for the verbose answer, but there's a lot to cover on both...
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): No, I appreciate it, Moshe. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Ing from MKM Partners.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. Thank you. More questions on these investment levels for the fiscal year. I know you talked about it being a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and customers are saying you're the best game in town. But how many years are you willing to grow investments faster than revenue? Do we have to wait until 16-nanometer materializes to get the benefits, or should 20-nanometer help reverse the trend at some point? I mean, is 30% op margin the line in the sand here? Thanks.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. That's a great question and I think we will answer it in more detail in May. But just to sort of give you a preview, we're going to be approaching that either way, and we intend to grow the company over time to beat that number and to grow beyond it. So we'll give a little more clarity as to when you can expect that in May, but you're not going to need to wait several years for that. Now this year is particularly significant in terms of growth, because to be totally open, we have so overachieved on the functionality of the 16-nanometer that we are just accelerating the tape-outs, and each of these tape-outs is a multimillion dollar cost to us. So knowing realistically, we're sort of pulling several of them in, which is good news because that means that over time it should translate to revenue quickly. But what you're seeing now, this rate of growth in R&D, which potentially could be larger than the top line, we do not expect that to continue in the future. And again, in May we'll give you more.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: Yes, Ian, it's Lorenzo here. I think we are really, really conscious of the strength of our operating model, and I want to point out again what was said earlier, we've been very disciplined at how we've spent and invested our money in the past. I think this is a strategic investment area, and as Moshe said, our objective is to get back to our target operating margin levels as quickly as possible.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Thanks. And, Jon, congrats on your retirement. Hopefully you attend a lot of Green Bay Packer games this season.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Ian.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not more than 16.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Ji (39:26) for Ross Seymore. Thank you for letting me ask a question. So, Moshe, what gives the company confidence in spending so much more in OpEx that the OpEx spend will yield revenues given the past few years where revenue growth has been difficult to generate?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. That's a great question. What sort of has happened over the past few years is we're in a business where most of the markets we serve take a long time to come to fruition. And so if you look at 28 nanometer, which we taped out six years ago, it is now approaching $200 million a quarter. It hasn't quite reached that level. $200 million a quarter is, give or take, only a third, in and around it's about 30% of our overall revenue. So what you're seeing is the time it takes for the new nodes starting from 28 nanometers and now at 20 nanometers, which as we said we shipped close to a 100 million relatively quickly for us during the past fiscal year. They're in their continued growth phase, and also the Zynq product line is now in its more accelerated growth phase. For example, automotive is driven by the Zynq product line, which is an expansion play. And so we're at the point in time where all of the headwinds we had, which are all technologies, some execution challenges we have had in the past which we are paying the price for, et cetera, they're tailing off. And the new technologies where we have much higher market share and where the expansion plays are starting to pick up, and so I think your question is very fair and a very good one, but the reason is that we now see that the headwinds are tailing off and, hence, the growth from the new products will happen. And we're also seeing the changes in the industry. For example, I'll just throw one thing at you. Five years ago we predicted that the Japanese ASICs vendors would depart the stage, right. And at the time, that was considered a heresy, right, because they had owned the market for the longest period of time. And to a large extent they're gone, right. So that's an opportunity for us. A lot of the other ASIC vendors have gone. I mean it's not that there are no ASIC companies, but there are fewer and fewer of them. The same thing is true on the ASSP side. So the serviceable market is now growing, and in order to exploit that, we're making these larger investments.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then as a follow up, is the OpEx expected to be back-half weighted in the fiscal year similar to revenues, so it can be moderated if revenues don't follow?
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: The second half operating expense will be significantly higher than the first half. But you'll start seeing the increase in the second quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Okay, thanks. And we echo congratulations to Jon.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I said the first thank you.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay, all right, Moshe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hans Mosesmann from Raymond James.
Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. Hey, Moshe, on the going back to the 16-nanometer and the decision to accelerate and expand on the tape-outs and such. How much of it is a result of a competitive dynamic? I understand the customers are eager, but perhaps there's another element here. Your competitor might be delayed or delayed significantly. How much of it is that potentially that you're taking advantage of an opening, if you will? Thanks.
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Clearly we believe we have a year lead, potentially a more significant lead than that, and it behooves us to exploit it. And because our silicon is in such good shape and we can do multiple tape-outs and we're already shipping six products, which for us would be unheard of. This is a product we taped out at the very end of June. So it's only nine months since we taped it out and we already are shipping six derivative unique products. So that means that we've done six tape-outs, which means that it's really in very good shape. And you're right that if we sit back and we have a very worthy competitor and we just let them, don't exploit that, we're likely to compromise the potential here. So, yeah, there is an element of that. That's on our core programmable logic business. But this goes beyond programmable logic because with 16-nanometer and with 7 and with Zynq, we can provide an alternative to ASICs and ASSPs and those are our nontraditional competitors. And obviously we just need to keep running as quickly as we can to maintain the lead we have in terms of technology, so it's both.
Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Fair enough. And then a quick follow-up, please. On the Zynq side, on the automotive business, what's the competitive dynamic there? Are you gaining share? What's the size of the market? If you can just give us a little framework there as you look into fiscal 2017. Thanks.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Hans, this is Jon. Let me take that one. So, we talk a lot about ADAS, and I think we get a lot of comparisons to what we're doing in the forward-looking cameras which is where we have a lot of strength, particularly in the stereo versions of those. But our ADAS business is really very broad. So Zynq is a driver of it, and it's a driver of us not just in the forward-looking cameras, but also in some of the other safety and lane departure and those kinds of things as well. We have developed a really broad business in the automotive world, and it isn't just one competitor. There's a variety of competitors now that we're meeting. And when we talk about, when you see the presentations in May, I think you're going to see a lot more conversation around the breadth of what we have and why we're so confident about successive years of growth in this market. So in other words, FPGA technology is not just the programmable processing unit. It's really broader than that for us, and we're doing really quite well.
Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you. Very helpful.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good afternoon. You've talked about 5G starting to ramp in 2018. How should we look at the wireless infrastructure market between now and then? What's the status of the 4G ramping in Europe, and how should we look at wireless infrastructure trends over the next couple of quarters given kind of the turmoil that we saw in China last year?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I'll give you my cut, and then I'm sure there's a lot of additional information Jon and Lorenzo can add. But we hit the low point in the June quarter of calendar 2015. And that was a really low, low point. So if you do peak-to-trough, it was almost one-half of the peak or maybe even less than one-half of the peak. And what we have seen is it's recovering. We think there's a lot of things that happened because wireless is a multi-geography, multi-generation phenomenon on the infrastructure side. What we saw was there was the combination of all of the bad news on all of the fronts happened at the same time for us. Since then, it has improved. We're seeing renewed deployment in China. We're seeing deployment in India, and this is all triggered around, this is not 5G. This is largely LTE. We think that LTE still has a lot of deployment left. And that will probably, for the next few years, continue to carry things. What we're seeing which is very encouraging to us is if you go back a year or a year-and-half ago, the general feeling was that there would be no rush towards 5G. And that has sort of totally changed within the past year. And there now seems to be a race towards 5G with an amazing amount of prototyping and proof-of-concept being done now. And we actually have a great footprint there. We expect a quasi-5G or an early 5G to be deployed in 2018 at a minimum in Korea, but actually I won't be surprised if there's some early signs in North America. And then 2020 onward, we expect it to grow. It's expected to be a very large market, and there's a lot of applications which are driving it. Smartphones, even though they're not growing, their footprint in terms of bandwidth is increasing, right? So maybe there's not that many new smartphones, but the refresh cycle is for ones which require more bandwidth and significantly bigger load on the infrastructure. And the applications are driving that and, the other one is the Internet of Things both on the consumer and the industrial side, and that's expected to generate totally new set of needs for infrastructure. So we think it's a big market. Again, we'll shed some more light on that in May with people who are more expert in the field.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: Yeah, I think despite Moshe's saying, Jon and I could have a lot to add, his answer was – it was fairly comprehensive. In the near term what we see is, as Moshe described, firming up the recovery from where we had been in the low points particularly in China, backfills geographically around the world, and ramp in India although we don't expect that to be of the same magnitude as China. And then finally, the 5G prototyping pre-production type of business is actually pretty good business for us this year.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. That's very useful. And then a quick follow-up question. What opportunities do you see in small cell? I mean, we've learned obviously that the price points were high and have kind of delayed what people thought was a ramp starting a few years ago, but it looks like we're now starting to see signs in China notably. Do you expect to participate, or is that type of market naturally gravitating toward ASIC given the high volumes?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So that trend is continuing but certainly not as robust as people had indicated a number of years ago that it was going to be deployed. We are participating in small cells. It is still a market that we can be in if we're talking about urban areas where there – where the number of users and densification requirement, so I would say not on the home or local kinds of things, but in urban areas where they're trying to augment macro base stations, we are playing in those, particularly in the radios. So, yeah, but we don't see it as a big offset to the long-term macro station.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. First, I just want to thank Jon for all the help over the years, I really appreciate it. Moshe, I know on an earlier question you kind of addressed that the OpEx guidance for the fiscal year 2017 is pretty back-half loaded. I guess I just want some clarification, how dependent is that OpEx number in kind of hitting the revenue guidance number you gave? If for some reason revenue were to come a little bit short, would that OpEx number have some modulation in it, or is a lot of that just kind of fixed OpEx based upon projects that you are planning on doing in the back half of the fiscal year?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, let's say there's a huge downturn and we're rational people, and we behave accordingly. Right? So we generally realize that we have a responsibility here, and we take it very seriously. So if that happens, we will act accordingly. Lorenzo's guidance for the year is 4% to 8%, and we're not planning on some huge surge to justify this. We're planning on a gradual growth during the year. We think that's very reasonable given our strong design win situation, and the fact that we do see them moving into production now at a greater rate on the newer nodes. So I'm not discounting that. Things happen. And if they do, we will act accordingly.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful, Moshe. And then my guess is you'll address this in a lot more detail at the analyst day, and I'm not a huge fan of looking at seasonality because there's so much variance around seasonality. But if I just pivot seasonally off your June guidance, I'm getting fiscal revenue year growth in 2017 that's more flattish versus kind of the 6% midpoint guidance you gave. I'm just kind of curious, can you give us some broad strokes as to what end markets or what product portfolios you think are going to start driving sort of better than seasonal growth as you go throughout the year?
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: So let me take that, because I've actually looked at the issue of seasonality. I think the complexity of our business and the multi-market nature of our business makes seasonality a tough model to apply because we're more prone to be following longer term growth or decline trends than we are necessarily seasonal behaviors like, say, a retailer. And I know you acknowledged that up-front, John, but I think what we're really saying in this market environment, it is the continued growth of our new products which you can view as not being terribly impacted by seasonality. And the expansion into new markets which are also not impacted by seasonality that are driving our overall growth for the year. And those would be the continued ramp of new products in our wired business, and I've made in my commentary, there's relative firmness in Wireless. Expansion in the Data Center, continued growth in the expansion opportunities we've developed in automotive. Those are the things that are going to drive us. And like I said, I don't see that kind of expansion impacted significantly by seasonality.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you. Operator, we can take one more question.
Operator: Our last question then comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Christopher Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. This is Chris Hemmelgarn on for Blayne. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just had a longer term question about the direction of the auto business and architectures there. I mean, the systems today are kind of a hodgepodge of ASICs and FPGAs, each controlling different functions and you've seen some players lay out a vision that involved more of a centralized control as the market matured. You clearly have long-term engagements with customers. I guess what is the interest you're seeing? Are you still seeing, you know, them desiring discrete chips to drive each of these functions? Or are you seeing an interest in more of a centralized controller?
Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we'll give some more depth here, but again this is an emerging set of applications, and there is various ways of skinning the cat. We do think that it won't all end up with one centralized monster processor regardless. Now, there may be more done centrally, or there may be less done centrally, but it won't all be done centrally for a whole host of reasons. In order to enable this distribution, one of the biggest issues is of course the issue of security. And that's where our products, because the security can be built in our products, and embedded in hardware as opposed to software which can more easily be hacked and manipulated. We believe that we have a strong potential advantage as that turns out to be the case. Right? But I think this is going to evolve over 10 years, 15 years, right? And this is a long-term transition. And regardless, I don't think that even at the very end it will all be in one place. I think, there will be lots of reasons for it to be distributed over. But for sure for the next two generations of products we don't see anything other than distributed solution.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President-Finance & Controller: Yeah, I think the whole issue with latency and you can't wait for a decision to be made by a processor unit to get information to the driver at essentially real-time speeds. And that's where we excel. And there will be many of those applications that are so critical to getting that information there, that you cannot stand any sort of a latency kind of an issue. And that's where we're finding huge interest even in our more advanced products from customers.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Very helpful. Thank you very much, guys.
Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations, Xilinx, Inc.: Thanks for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release and the fiscal year 2017 guidance we provided, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 will be Wednesday, July 20, after the market close. As we mentioned earlier on the call, we'll be holding our annual analyst day in Boston on May 23. We look forward to seeing you there. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-01-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Sr. Director, IR Jon Olson - EVP & CFO Moshe Gavrielov - President & CEO
Analysts: William Stein - SunTrust Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Chris Danely - Citigroup Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chris Rolland - FBR David Wong - Wells Fargo Romit Shah - Nomura Ian Ing - MKM Partners Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Vivek Arya - Banc of America Blaine Curtis - Barclays John Pitzer - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good afternoon my name is Victoria and I will be your conference Operator. I'd like to welcome ever to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please limit your questions to one to insure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov CEO and Jon Olson CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the December quarter and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information currently available and actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live and can be accessed from our Xilinx's Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx sales were $566 million, up 7% sequentially and at the high end of our guidance. We experienced exceptional new product growth during the quarter driven by our 28-nanometer 7 series products and 20-nanometer UltraScale products. End market strength was broad based with Communications and Industrial and Aerospace and Defense recovering as anticipated. The Broadcast, Consumer, and Automotive category was down slightly driven primarily by Automotive which was impacted by the timing of customer purchases. We expect Automotive to post strong growth in the March quarter and to increase by 30% in the full fiscal year 2016. Gross margin was 68.5% for the quarter. In addition to the expected impact of customer mix shift to our larger customers, gross margin was impacted by higher than anticipated production ramp cost associated with the aggressive introduction of our new products. Our March quarter guidance incorporates a small impact from these costs. Operating expenses including $2 million of amortization expense or $228 million slightly lower than expected as a result of disciplined spending. Other income was a net expense of $5 million, better than anticipated due primarily to higher investment income. The tax rate for the quarter was 15.6%. There were two discrete tax items impacting the rate. There was a $0.03 per share benefit from the retroactive reinstatement of the R&D tax credit and a $0.05 per share negative impact due to a change in the amount of foreign earnings for which U.S. tax is provided. Net income for the quarter was $131 million or $0.49 per diluted share. Operating cash flow for the December quarter was $290 million before $6 million in CapEx. Strong cash flow for the quarter was positively impacted by net improvement in working capital driven by a reduction in receivables and inventories. Diluted shares for the quarter were 270 million. There was a 10.6 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes. For questions related to dilution Russia associated with our convertible debt, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. We repurchased 2.1 million shares for $100 million during the quarter and paid $80 million in dividends. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments were $3.6 billion. We have $600 million in convertible debt and a $1 billion in fixed rate debt resulting in a net cash position of approximately $2 billion. Inventory dollars at Xilinx decreased by $17 million sequentially. We expect inventories to be down again in the March quarter. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the March quarter of fiscal year 2016. Our backlog heading into the March quarter is up slightly. We are forecasting continued growth in 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer products. We expect Communications to be flat with increases in wireless offsetting decreases in wired. Industrial and Aerospace and Defense is forecasted to be down slightly with decreases in ISM and Test, offsetting increases in Defense. Lastly, we're expecting Consumer, Auto and Broadcast to be up driven by Automotive which is forecasted to have a record quarter. As a result, we're expecting total sales to be approximately flat sequentially. The mid-point of this guidance is predicated on a returns rate of approximately 48%. Gross margin is expected to be between 68% and 69%. Operating expenses for the March quarter are expected to be approximately $220 million including $1 million of amortization of acquisition related intangibles. Other income and expense for the March quarter will be a net expense of $6 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 267 million shares. The tax rate for the March quarter is expected to be between 13% and 14%. The increase in the tax break forecast is a result of the previously stated changes. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. I'm very pleased we delivered a significant growth quarter with revenue hitting the high end of our guidance. Overall, six of our eight end markets grew demonstrating the strength of our highly diversified multi-market portfolio. Particular, I'm gratified that this growth was driven by an exceptionally strong surge from our new products category, primarily our latest 20-nanometer and 28-nanometer production node which delivered an 18% sequential quarterly increase. December quarter 28-nanometer sales grew significantly staying a new record revenue level. 28-nanometer revenue growth benefited from broad-based sales contributions from Industrial, Broadcast, Defense, Test and Measurement and Consumer markets, in conjunction with a significant forecasted recovery in the Communications market. The current March quarter driven again by a majority of our end markets, we expect to repeat this trend and set a new quarterly 28-nanometer revenue record. Similarly, 20-nanometer revenue in the December quarter is significantly exceeded the $20 million target we had set last quarter. No 20-nanometer competition, the Virtex UltraScale high end family continues to represent the largest percentage of our20-nanometer sales. Additionally our Kintex UltraScale family demonstrated significant sales momentum with revenue doubling in the quarter. Looking forward to the March quarter, driven by many of our end markets and led by Test and Measurement, Defense and Consumer, we expect 20-nanometer sales to exceed our new $25 million quarterly target. These business successes both the 20 and 28 nodes are being bolstered by the significant milestones we have achieved with our 60-nanometer UltraScale+ family extending our clear industry into leadership. Since the September quarter, we've already shared the industry's first 60-nanometer all programmable MPSoC to tens of customers. This broad customer shipment milestone was achieved a quarter ahead of schedule enabled by the excellent functionality of our first 60-nanometer silicon. More recently, we received silicon of our 60-nanometer Virtex silicon which is exhibiting similarly pristine functionality. Consequently, we plan to ship it to customers by the end of January significantly ahead of our original schedule. In addition, we take out additional 60-nanometer devises last quarter and we fully expect to continue this accelerated ramp of new product tape outs throughout fiscal year 2017 to build up upon and expand our time to market advantage. The silicon leadership position is being complimented on the software front by our enabling broad public access to design tool support for the 60-nanometer UltraScale+ family. The breakthrough capabilities of the 60-nanometer UltraScale+ product family coupled with our very significant first mover advantage make it uniquely suited for high growth applications ranging from mixed generation front driver assistant, industrial internet-of-things to 5G wireless. Lastly, following the October announcement of our strategic partnership with Qualcomm for compute acceleration in ARM-based servers, Xilinx and IBM announced a similar collaboration to enable compute acceleration in servers based on the power architecture. This collaboration is expected to enable high performance and energy efficient FPGA-enabled work load acceleration of rapidly growing applications. Notwithstanding the recent turbulence in the global market continued focus and deliver upon the elements we can control, namely our total technology execution, our ability to expand the serviceable market, utilizing our leadership portfolio and our emphasis on maximizing shareholder value. Now, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great, thanks for taking my question and congrats on the good quarter. Moshe, I want to address a comment that I believe you made on the last quarter call about Xilinx having passed through the bottom and that the company sees growth in the coming quarters and I think one of the specific comments was more upside risk than downside risk. Guidance for the next quarter is I think seasonal or maybe slightly below that and I'm wondering if you can give us an update on sort of where you anticipate we are in the cycle, ignoring perhaps what you read in the papers and see in the markets, but based more on backlog and customer discussion. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay, Will, as you look over the past couple of years, clearly we had a challenge in terms of our revenue and what we identified was there were two elements -- significant elements that were challenges for us. We're a multi-market company, so we're very diversified and I think that's generally good, but the two challenges we had were on the A&D front and on the wireless front and wireless depending on the point in time is typically north of 20% and A&D can be in the mid-teens, depending on the cycle and those two markets hit low points. The low point for wireless we believe was in the June quarter and the low point for A&D was in the September quarter and so those two markets which were a bit of a drag now we believe are in recovery mode and what we're seeing is generally speaking on most or all of our markets we're seeing growth. It isn't linear so it sort of goes up and goes down a little, but generally speaking, we think the worst is behind us and we expect to see over the next two quarters better results than we have seen in the past. And it's driven by a very strong technology cycle, so it's driven by the 28-nanometer and the 20-nanometer now hitting record revenue -- as they hit records in the December quarter, we expect them to hit higher records in the March quarter. This sort of impacts of the 14 weeks versus 13 weeks, we could sort of -- we've generally modeled that as between 2% to 3% in terms of benefiting from that this past -- during that obviously won't -- we won't have that in the current March quarter. So, we do think that what you're seeing is regardless of that you're actually seeing some growth on an apples-to-apples comparison. Beyond March, we're low to give predictions and we're probably going to give predictions on a quarter-by-quarter basis going forward because of the choppiness in the market. So, that's sort of the Readers' Digest version. I could spend a whole hour. Hopefully that helps.
William Stein: It's helpful. If I can have one follow-up please? I know that it's very early days, but with your primary competitor being acquired by Intel, I imagine that over time, there may be differences in competitive dynamics on the one hand in the data center opportunity and on the other hand in sort of the long tail applications. And I'm wondering if you're seeing early signs of that or maybe you can perhaps preview what you anticipate from a competitive dynamic perspective in the next few quarters? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, with regards to data center in particular, you know it's an emerging market, its emerging market for everyone. It would be very correct to say that Intel is by far the market leader due to their very strong position on high performance servers and that helps them and undoubtedly, they will leverage that to help them keep as much as they can of that market. Our expectation is that notwithstanding that element, there is an expectation of coming solutions coming to market be they compete in architectures, the two that are obvious are the ARM and the POWER ones even on the x86 front, we believe that we can provide a lot of the big players in the market a differentiated solution. So, no, I believe that that market; there's growth opportunity for us. I would say it's definitely the market where Intel has the full position. It would be foolhardy to state anything other than that with that with regards to that market in the x86 world. In the non-x86 world, it's sort of ours by and large. With regards to the other markets, I think it's fundamentally driven by the customers looking for who has the best technology solution which at this point as you look at the 28-nanometer and 20 and our position on 16, we clearly have tremendous leadership and our market share is growing there. We have leadership on the software front and we clearly have the service demeanor which is important to this customer -- to customer in these markets. So, I think that it's a growth opportunity for us. We don't take anything for granted, we need to continue to deliver leadership and the best support and our intention is to continue doing that. So that's another long answer.
William Stein: Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Just wanted to follow-up on the Industrial and Aerospace segment. Jon a clarification of the moving parts within that. I think you talked about that being down as an entire segment but the A&D side of it being up. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing on the industrial side, OEM versus demand and especially given in all of the uncertainty macro wise industrial data points are very helpful to us? Thanks.
Jon Olson: Sure. In this past quarter both the Industrial, Aerospace and Defense and Test and Measurement were all up sequentially and then the forecast, the guide was to have industrial down Test and Measurement down and Aerospace and Defense up so I was just wasn't 100% sure of which quarter you were referring to when you made those comments so I want to be clear on that. So aerospace and defense as Moshe pointed out earlier did bottom out in the September quarter and we're starting to see strength in that business particularly in many of the defense areas and I know the movement and the change in some of the things going on in the budgetary process is starting to, we're starting to see some general goodness in terms of programs and emerging things going on there. But most of our business comes from -- current business comes from existing programs and we're just seeing a very good continued very good penetration of products as are quite frankly our 65-nanometer products are growing in that categories and there's a big latency issue relative to the revenue ramp. But we're also seeing really good 28-nanometer growth over and above what we've seen maybe historically for a new product category growing, so I think our strength there is continuing to fill and grow Aerospace and Defense. And that's a U.S. and European statement more than it is any other geography from the military perspective. Then in industrial, it's pretty choppy. We're seeing overall growth in industrial from a full year to full year basis but by geography, it is kind of up and down. In this particular quarter, this past quarter we had stronger numbers out of Japan than anywhere else and everything else was kind of flattish to down -- flat to down kind of situation, so it continues to be challenging in China and Asia-Pacific as well as Europe where we have a significant strength set of customers so it's not like it's cratering and going down it's just kind of a very choppy environment for us in industrial.
Ross Seymore: Great, that's helpful. If I could sneak in one other more housekeeping, 8-K you put out along with your results tonight that had a change of control provision. To the extent it’s possible and I know it might be a little bit difficult but can you give any color as to the catalyst behind those agreements?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, let me take that and I actually lost the big bet because I have expected that to be the first question to be asked, but thank you for asking that.
Ross Seymore: Sorry, I was late.
Moshe Gavrielov: No, you're fine. So you know there is very clearly massive consolidation which is happening in the semiconductor world and the general expectation is that will continue. Having said that, we really don't comment on market speculation or rumors and there have been numerous ones. What we are doing is basically aligning the change in control arrangements for the company’s executive management to be in line with those which are common for public companies both in our industry and actually across industries and it's just, it just happened now. It was the result of some feedback we got or the Board got from an external consultant that they had engaged to look at these issues and that was put in place as a result of the recommendations from the external consultant, so that's sort of the entirety of it.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. I guess just a longer term question. I know you haven't commented on sort of the long term growth rate. Now that we're getting towards the end of the year here can you just talk about your kind of relative expectations for the growth in your end Markets and then any sort of operating margin or OpEx goals and then the plan to get those, thank you.
Jon Olson: So Chris, we aren't really giving prepared to give any real long term guidance or longer term guidance as Moshe mentioned a little earlier today but we clearly expect growth next year for us as the strength of our new products overall are going to drive us there. We seem to be in such a really strong position even at the latest generation of products of 60-nanometer products vis-à-vis competition. We're getting very strong interest and demand interest from our customers for 20 and 60-nanometer products and as we mentioned in Moshe's remarks the uptake in terms of shipments of samples and early products has been extremely brisk to our customers which demonstrates a lot of interest and of course we are hopeful that it does turn into real significant revenue dollars downstream. From a margin perspective we've been running kind of bouncing around a little bit between 68 to 70, but I'm still confident we're in the 68 to 70 range in any sort of near term plus or minus a few of the things that bumped us up to 70 and now down to 68.5 but I think we're solidly in the 68 to 70 range and we're going to provide more spending guidance at a later point. We really haven't gone through our plan fully and gone through all of that entire exercise, so to summarize, I do believe in top line growth year on year for next year and stable margin.
Chris Danely: So, just a quickie. Will there be an Analyst Day or should we wait until the next quarterly announcement to get some fiscal 2017 guidance?
Jon Olson: Yeah, we'll give a little more guidance at the next earnings release and we are planning on doing, having an Analyst Day, but we haven't set a specific date for that yet.
Chris Danely: Okay. Thanks guys.
Moshe Gavrielov: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Moshe, you talked about wireless coming back a bit. I'm just curious how much visibility do you guys have into inventories at your customers and then what you saw last quarter and this quarter seems like more of an inventory normalization. And if so how should we think about where we are in the inventory cycle? And then can you also talk about what you're seeing geographically in terms of any new rollouts or new developments in wireless?
Moshe Gavrielov: So the biggest rollout we're currently seeing is the SD rollout in China. We expect that to be significantly smaller than the TD rollout in terms of the length and the number of units but nonetheless we see that happening now and we believe that the improvement that we are seeing in our wireless business is driven by that. We are waiting for continuing rollouts in India. We do believe that the level we had reached at the very bottom of our wireless cycle which happened in the June calendar 2014 is behind us and we're seeing growth beyond that but we don't see anything short-term which will enable us to reach the peak which I believe was in the March 2013 timeframe. I might have the year. It was, I'm sorry? 2014, the March 2014 timeframe. So, we don't see anything which will bring us back to that anytime soon. We think that the 5G is the next big wave. We are being designed into all of the prototyping for demonstration of technology of 5G but that is not identical to being in the production vehicles which are likely to be very significant truthfully in the 2020 timeframe. So, everything until 2020 is likely to be of a smaller scale and the next big surge will be driven by 5G. There will continue to be rollout of 4G on a worldwide basis but it's not going to be anything like the previous level so wireless is not going to reach that peak of March 2014 any time soon.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay. That's great. Thanks for that. And then Jon, again on the inventory front, I just asked about customer inventories but also if you can comment on your Balance Sheet inventories I think they came down and you also said they are going to come down again in March and given your optimism about growth for next year, I'm somewhat surprised that inventories are coming down if you could shed some light on that it will be helpful.
Jon Olson: Yeah, quite a few quarters ago we had built up our inventory intentionally for two reasons. One is we thought we saw some stronger demand and particularly in SD coming at us and we thought the foundry was pretty tight in terms of their ability to supply us and then we had six quarters of down revenue and so essentially what I'm saying is we built up too much inventory and we've been bleeding it off, so yes, we did go down quite a bit this quarter and we expect to go down again the next quarter, will be much closer to our desired model by the time we get to next quarter. So, this is really getting us back to model which is more of the 90 to 100 day kind of range and that's the general target, of course that fluctuates depending on where we are on new product ramp capability, but this isn't, there shouldn't be viewed as some sort of a cautionary signal. This is really about getting inventory back into a historic model after we had built it up in about a year and a half ago.
Srini Pajjuri: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Europe was down about 6% sequentially versus growth in all of your other geographies. Can you just help us understand what end markets in Europe were weak and how do you see Europe trending in the March quarter?
Jon Olson: So, generally, Europe I talked about automotive being down as being a customer timing issue, Automotive was certainly a driver that's where some of our largest Automotive customers are but I think in general, we've been looking at Wireless was down there in Europe as well as Industrial as part of that Industrial conversation I had previously, so I think we do expect Europe to bounce back some next quarter particularly with a much stronger Automotive revenue expected.
Harlan Sur: Great, thanks for that and then the team has done obviously a solid job on driving 20-nanometer and 20-nanometer new products. On the competitive front since your competitor has been in the midst of being acquired we've not really heard much in the way of their 14-nanometer program or product family. You guys are obviously out there with your 16-nanometer products and getting good early traction. Is the Xilinx team seeing the 14-nanometer product set from your competitor and any competitive engagements?
Moshe Gavrielov: Harlan, we haven't seen them and we haven't seen any announcement from them. This sort of goes and contradicts the commitments that it's being made to share a long time ago so we think that this indicates the fact that we take out in June of last year, got silicon back in September, the silicon is very, very functional that we have a tremendous lead and we already have on the Virtex side which we expect to tape out Sorry we expect to sample customers we've seen the silicon and again it is in great shape and what we're going to do is we're starting to turn the crank and it will be a large number of tape outs at 60-nanometer devises because we do believe we have at least a significant time to market leadership at this node. 
Jon Olson: Typically, what would happen, Moshe talked about tens of customers shipping the 16-nanometer product to UltraScale+, and typically what happens is there might be a bake off between us and our competitor, et cetera. And at this point, we don't have any customer telling us there's a bake off going on, so that leads us to believe there are no parts out there but of course, we're not the center of all knowledge there but we haven't seen any as much.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Rolland with FBR.
Chris Rolland: Hi guys thanks for the question. You guys mentioned a potential down tic in wired Coms next quarter. Perhaps you can elaborate on what you guys are seeing there and how you kind of view this market longer term?
Jon Olson: Yeah, we had quite a bit of growth this quarter in the wired communications area. It was both in I would say core wired communications as well as data center and particular both data acceleration but in a big way also some of the solid state storage and so that sometimes those customers buy a lot and then absorb and buy a lot and absorb and really the down is more related to the customer absorption and some of those cases than it is to any other trend. What we are seeing is a very strong uptake of new products in wired communication so if you stripped out older products and just looked at the ramp of new products in 28-nanometer and newer you would see a very nice ramp in wired communications and growth next quarter in new products as well, so this is a kind of a timing issue more than it is a trend.
Chris Rolland: Okay. Great, thank you. And then not too much discussion on auto in the quarter, maybe that paused I don't know and then as we look at the ADAS market more specifically did you guys pick up any new guys there, Tier 1s, OEMs, I would love some color there. And just for your ARM products more generally, auto and everything, what percentage of revenue would you say are actually associated with or have an ARM core in them? 
Jon Olson: So, there's quite a few questions in there.
Chris Rolland: Sorry.
Jon Olson: So, our overall automotive business continues to be very strong. Year-to-year full year growth in FY 2016 over 2015 at 30% that growth is coming primarily from ADAS applications. Our traditional business is around infotainment and its stable, still doing well. Relative to the growth of new applications, I don't know that we have any new public something I can say publicly relative to new platforms but there were new design wins in the quarter in automotive that I'm just not at liberty to provide the name of the ultimate manufacturer at this point in time. We are seeing designs we have one ramped very strongly and those again, the ADAS application being the biggest driver of growth there is a growing percentage of that ADAS that has an ARM core in it and in some cases we end up having in more simple applications just straight FPGAs in there but the ARM core is growing very dramatically. So, if you'd say we talked last quarter about 50% of our revenue from automotive was ADAS related I would say at least half of that is associated with some level of ARM core and that will be growing over time.
Chris Rolland: Great. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong: Thanks very much. In which applications are you seeing the most initial interest currently for 60-nanometer product? 
Jon Olson: Hi, David. Well there's quite a lot of them because it's a broad product offering, so there's the MPSoC which is basically the ARM based product and then there's the Kintex and the Virtex derivatives, so if you look at the ones which I think are the most significant ones at this point, it's the Next Generation ADAS, so this goes beyond the Zynq. It's the industrial control and we do expect this to be used very broadly for 5G wireless at least for the prototyping versions whereas in the 20-20 time frame it's more likely to go into full-fledged production with 7-nanometer so those are three target markets which are driving the design wins in the 60-nanometer but reality is it's a very broad node so I'm probably doing a dissevers towards the others and I'm just sort of mentioning them.
David Wong: Great. Thanks.
Jon Olson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura.
Romit Shah: Yes, thank you. Moshe, you mentioned earlier partnerships with IBM on open power servers using their CPUs and as well, with Qualcomm using their server CPUs and I'm curious, how much interest are you guys seeing from web and cloud Service Providers to deploy these chips?
Moshe Gavrielov: We're seeing tremendous interest because as I said, this is an emerging market. This is a market where performance per Watt is one of the, is the most important parameter and our all programmable solutions can actually put a huge dent in improving that for a broad range of applications. Now these tend to be at this point very large players who are very autonomous and control their software environment, so it's not a PC type environment where control is in the hands of the Microsoft, right? It's actually if you look at the big players, the Amazons, Googles, the Chinese equivalents, they absolutely control their environment and they are driven by the efficacy of their power footprint of their data center. That's why this is due to such an interesting and compelling opportunity going forward. Now, there's a lot of excitement about this now, this is a market which is starting to evolve and it has several years to grow, so we've expected it to be significant five years from now and I just want to make sure that everyone understands that at least from our perspective. That's where it will start having the biggest impact. That doesn't mean there won't be deployments before that but in terms of being a significant portion of our revenue, then its five years away. 
Romit Shah: And is the partnership at Qualcomm exclusive or do you have the ability to partner with other ARM server suppliers?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we have a very close relationship with Qualcomm but it's not an exclusive one on our behalf and fundamentally, we can connect with whoever is developing a solution whether it's x86, whether it's POWER-based or ARM based and we can help accelerate all of those and can rest assured that we're in the midst of working with all of them but the ones we have announced we have now a very deep relationship with and we're working towards enabling their products when they have the equivalent CPUs and Board systems for those environments but it's more than just the two that we have announced. 
Romit Shah: Okay. And then Jon, can I just ask quickly my impression is that revenue growths in June and September have traditionally been weaker than December and March and is that your impression as well and is there a seasonal component there?
Jon Olson: Yeah if you look back at our pattern, it has changed from time to time and last year I think that was we had down every quarter so it's hard to pick that pattern out of that but we aren't prepared to talk about the June quarter right now, we will have to wait until the next earnings release.
Romit Shah: Okay. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing with MKM Partners.
Ian Ing: Yes, thanks. Could you talk about scenarios to get gross margins back to the high end of the range, 70% is it the production ramp costs going away after March or does mix really need to turn more favorable here?
Jon Olson: Well, again our goal is to operate in 68-70 and we're comfortable with that so we don't have programs that are specific to have that target because we're obviously focused on adding the most value to the company and total on the operating margin dollar line but from a mix perspective, one of the bigger impacts that we had forecasted for this quarter was the fact that we knew we were going to be returning to a richer, large customer mix that tends to buy volume and therefore has better pricing as a result of that. There's also some end market characteristics where we were at a low point for aerospace and defense and as that builds that will counteract some of the large customer impacts, so I guess if you're looking for a scenario that drives margin up, it is large customers except for aerospace and defense customers but again, we are trying to add total dollars to the bottom line. That's the goal.
Ian Ing: Okay. Thanks that's all I had.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank Ian. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann: Thank you. Hey, Moshe, just to go back on the aggressive ramp of new products this year. Is that a result of just faster than expected yield improvements at your foundry or are you being opportunistic to kind of take advantage of an opportunity versus the competition what exactly or is it just customer demand?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, it's basically driven by new technology and the maturity of the new technology and typically what happens when we start with the new process node then we tape out one version and then we go through an extensive debug cycle and once we have the debug done, then we can start turning the crank. What has happened is the level of functionality was so high on the initial silicon that we actually could sample its customers and we could almost immediately start taping out the other versions. And so the answer to your question is we're basically exploiting the high quality of the engineering execution and it behooves us to capitalize on that because as we tape out all of the other versions we expect to extend our market leadership in terms of breadth of product and in terms of having first mover advantage so it's that element which we're capitalizing on and it will manifest itself with tape outs, more tape outs having, happening faster than we had expected which is good news because there's more products out.
Hans Mosesmann: Great. Does that change, a follow-up does that change the timing of the tape out of 7-nanometer?
Moshe Gavrielov: No, it probably means that we will tape out more versions on 16 to exploit the maturity of it but it doesn't mean we'll do 7-nanometer earlier because in our industry the customers can only absorb the technology to a certain rate and we believe that on average every two and a half years to have a new node is the optimal time for their capacity to use the new technology and it also helps us contain our costs otherwise, we will just be burning money on tape outs ahead of when the customers can use it so we're still planning on 7-nanometer tape out in the 2017 calendar 2017 time frame generally speaking.
Hans Mosesmann: Okay. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] with Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. You had said in past that 28-nanometer will be a larger node from a revenue standpoint than 20. Do you see expected that based on the response that you're seeing from customers and most of assuming that based on your 5G commentary 16 no matter revenues are expected to be lot where then the peak you expect at 28?
Jon Olson: Okay. So we absolutely expect 28-nanometer due to the richness of the product offering and the cost point that it's at and the customer needs to be a long lasting node and likely to be the largest node at least up to this point in the industry and we don't expect 16 or 20 to approach that. We do expect the 16 and 20 together to be generally in that sort of size but the two together are not any one of them virtually and the 28-nanometer as I said had a record revenue this quarter. We expect it to have record revenue that was December. We expect it to have another record revenue in the March quarter and we actually I wouldn't be surprised if it becomes our all-time highest record product in terms of quarterly revenue shipments sometime over the next 12 months and overtakes everything else in terms of that and what we're seeing is that we expect it to continue to grow albeit at a smaller rate over the next few years and it has several years until it actually hits its peak. So, that's the story on 28-nanometer for us. 16, we expect to be a very strong node too, but not as strong as 28.
Jon Olson: Not to confuse anything Moshe just said, but we are living in a multi-technology product family situation now. We just -- in the last couple of quarters, we've announced a Spartan 7 product line which is 28-nanometer technology and so we're extending -- using all of our technology to extend the low end and improve upon the low end of the FPGA market where 20 and 16-nanometer aren't as economical for us to go. So, when you start looking at the growth of the company and the long-term situation is going to be a multi-node kind of product family rollout as we keep going in order to cover all of the different price points in the spaces we're going to be in.
Unidentified Analyst: Very useful. Thank you.
Jon Olson: Yes, thank you. Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Banc of America. 
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on the good results and execution. My question, Moshe, is on the long term growth for the PLD industry. If I look over the last three, five or even 10 years, the topline growth for the industry has sort of been flattish despite a lot of penetration and new markets. I understand the volatility in the Communications and the Aerospace market, but that's not going away any time soon and that's over half of the sales in this industry. So just the very basic fundamental question is what's going to be different over the next three, four year to create growth in this industry? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, -- I mean that's a profound question and I agree with your comments on it, we have been disappointed vis-à-vis growth over the past few years. I think -- and as a result there was a point in time where the general expectation was that you could deliver sustained double-digit growth and we're -- we believe that that is unlikely that it could happen, but it's unlikely to be the compound annual growth rate, so we're talking about single-digit growth even though we still need to deliver and as Jon indicated we do expect fiscal year 2017 to be a growth year. On the general question which we'll try to answer probably a little better at our Analyst Day, the point I'd like to make is that except for high volume -- very high volume markets, ASICs and ASSPs and this is no longer a wet dream, right. This is documented known and happening and has happened over the past few years of becoming less and less viable. And that opens a serviceable market and it requires the right silicon and it requires the right software and as we move forward and we continue to move forward with -- and being at the leading edge, there's less and less to compete with and if we have the right silicon and we have the right level of integration and we can enable a broader set of customers to use our technology, we should be able to benefit from that. That's sort of the very high level answer. I'd like to give you a more profound answer but you know that isn't something we can do now. We will try to address it a little better during our Analyst Day and explain what we're doing in order to exploit the opportunities and among other things just a snip it is if you look at the ARM product line that enables us to service a market, which up to when it was available, we couldn't even touch, right and that the ASSP market and we've gone from to it already being approaching 20% of our revenue on the newest node, right. And that just sort of shows you that it's an expansion play. We'll try and give more example on explaining that in the future.
Vivek Arya: Very quickly, could you help, Moshe, help us quantify how large is your Data Center and your Automotive business today? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: I'll let Jon give you the official answer.
Vivek Arya: Okay.
Moshe Gavrielov: Or not give you.
Jon Olson: I actually don't have the Data Center information, so I don't -- we don't track that as a different sub on a routine basis and our Automotive business has been running in the 7% range, I'd say on -- if you look at it over a broad spectrum of quarters.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thank you very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yeah. And that's double where it was a few years ago, so it has grown.
Vivek Arya: All right.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blaine Curtis with Barclays.
Blaine Curtis: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. You talk about turning the crank on 16 and are you adding anymore products or is it just a pull-in in terms of the timing? And I know you aren't giving fiscal year 2017 guidance, but how does that impact to shape OpEx?
Moshe Gavrielov: We don't have the numbers, but obviously it's the right thing to do, right because we have leadership and there is market demand, it would be foolhardy not to exploit that and we will give you those numbers when we get giving the fiscal year 2017 number. At this point, what we want to make is sure is that we exploit the breadth of the opportunity there and we're just accelerating the existing roadmap to provide it at an earlier point than we had expected before. There might be an option to actually also provide better coverage, but at this point, it's the former as opposed to the latter.
Blaine Curtis: Thanks. And then I just wanted to go back to a prior question on the Wireless segment. Is there a way to distinguish whether it's a recovery in inventory or are you actually seeing end market pick up? And then you talked about an average of 20% of revenue and not being able to get back to a prior peak, but average of 20, is that a good goal that this business could get back to as 20% of revenue?
Jon Olson: Well, I mean, I think that's a pretty reasonable play -- number, just plus or minus a reasonable error bar there. I think what Moshe was trying to communicate was that the very large build up in the overall 4G global network, we have passed that stage of the life cycle of 4G even though we continue to get a lot of long-tail business even from geographies that are [Indiscernible] deployed like North America for example, because of capacitation of the network adding on et cetera, and the situation and best as we can see it in China is they are building FD base stations, we've been told they are deployed, but as you know the last time we learned, we were told those kinds of thing that turns up they weren't all fully deployed and there were a lot of buildup in warehouses. As best as we can tell it is moving through the manufacturing line and out of the warehouses and being deployed and it is going to be a couple of quarters of good business and yes there was some replenishment of inventory going on this quarter, but we also see growth next quarter in the Wireless business and some of that is related to the China market as well.
Blaine Curtis: Great. Thanks.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thanks Blaine. I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Moshe, Jon, thanks for sneaking me in. Two quick ones first is housekeeping. Jon now that the quarter is over, can you just level set us on what do you think the extra week added to both revenue and OpEx in the December quarter? And then Moshe, I think this question might have been partially answered with Blaine's question, but when you think about getting Wireless back to prior peak, it sounds like that's more commentary on the overall CapEx cycle and inventory cycle and not the PLD opportunity set within base stations and I wonder if you could just comment a little bit on kind of what you think the content on PLD was supposed to be and how that's playing out through the 4G cycle?
Jon Olson: So relative to your first question on the impact, we had estimated a couple of a percent, 2% or 3% kind of in the last call and that's exactly where it turned out the last two weeks of the quarter were for us were 13, week 14 were quite muted on an individual basis and when you add those two together, it ends up being around a 2% or 3% kind of positive impact as a result of having that extra week. Of course, we get the spending -- and we have all of the extra spending as well in that quarter. And then your second question was around the peak, Moshe, do you want to answer?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, so what we see is a continuing opportunity and actually a growing opportunity for FPGA content in Wireless, we're seeing number of players who can effectively design ASICS, which is the other option because there really isn't a viable ASSP solution at this point in time and we don't see that happening any time soon, so it's ASICs versus FPGAs. We're seeing less and less players with the capacity to do that and so the role of FPGAs grows and with each generation generally speaking, the average ASP per system is a little higher. It doesn't reflect the much larger role of the FPGA has in the system, so it's an integration play. We replace a lot of other components and so we have more major parts, but the ASP does not go out at the same level to reflect the value the FPGA provides. But generally speaking, it's one of those markets where the role of the FPGA continues to grow and major competition is the very, very, very few and actually diminished number of players who can design ASIC alternatives and that number continues with each generation of product to go lower and lower.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you. 
Moshe Gavrielov: Hey. Thank you, John.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 P.M. Pacific Time, 8:00 P.M. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. This quarter we will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet conference in San Francisco on February 9th. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-10-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - IR Moshe Gavrielov - President and CEO Jon Olson - EVP and CFO
Analysts: William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities Christopher Danely - Citi Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley David Wong - Wells Fargo  Ian Ing - MKM Partners Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Harlan Sur - JPMorgan
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx’s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone.  I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, our CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the September quarter and then we will open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx sales were $528 million, down 4% sequentially and within our guidance. We experienced strong new product growth and strong profitability during the quarter as well as a modest recovery in communications. New product sales increased 11% in the quarter, with increases from our 7 series, Spartan 6 product family and our 20-nanometer UltraScale family which exceeded $15 million in quarterly sales. Zynq adoption continues to be strong across a broad-base of end-markets, including automotive, wireless, industrial and consumer applications. From an end market perspective sales from communications and data center increased 5%, driven by a modest recovery in Asia and North America. Wired Communication sales were driven by data center access and enterprise applications. For the second quarter in a row wired communications represented the largest contributor of our 28-nanometer sales. The Industrial and Aerospace and Defense segment declined 12% sequentially with expected decreases from Defense. The combination of Industrial, Scientific and Medical and Test and Measurement declined sequentially with somewhat weaker than anticipated ISM business towards the end of the quarter. Lastly the broadcast, consumer and automotive category was down slightly driven primarily by decreases in broadcast.  Gross margin was 70.1% for the quarter, at the high end of our guidance driven primarily by customer mix. Operating expenses, including $2 million of amortization expense were $217 million in line with expectations. Other income was a net expense of $9 million. Net income for the quarter was $127 million or $0.48 per diluted share. Operating cash flow for the September quarter was $137 million, before $5 million in CapEx. Cash flow for the quarter was impacted by higher receivables, primarily associated with the timing of end of the quarter shipments to our primary distributor partner, who had an extra fiscal week in their quarter. Diluted shares for the quarter were 266 million shares. There was a 6.5 million shares dilutive effect from our convertible notes. For questions relating to the dilution associated with our comparable debt please visit our investor relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. We repurchased 2.4 million shares for $100 million during the quarter and paid $80 million in dividends. As a result we returned over 130% of operating cash flow to the shareholders during the quarter putting us well on track to continue to return over 100% of operating cash flow to shareholders in fiscal year ‘16. Let me now comment on the balance sheet; cash and investments were $3.5 billion. We had $600 million in convertible debt and $1 billion in fixed rate debt, resulting in a net cash position of approximately $1.9 billion. Inventory dollars at Xilinx decreased by $9 million sequentially.  Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the December quarter of fiscal year ‘16. The guidance I provide will be inclusive of the extra fiscal week in our quarter which we disclosed in our 10-K filing as well as in today’s earnings release. Our backlog heading into the December quarter is up sequentially, both Wired and Wireless Communications are forecasted to be up. We believe our key Wireless customers have reduced levels of inventory and as a result we expect continued improvement from China driven by FD LTE deployment activity. Wired communications continues to be impacted by a weak FX environment, but we are expecting growth during the quarter from OTN and cable infrastructure businesses. We expect our Industrial and Aerospace and Defense segment to be up sequentially driven by return to growth in our space and defense. Lastly we expect all components of the Broadcast, Consumer and Automotive category to be approximately flat. As a result we are expecting total sales to be up 3% to 7% sequentially. The midpoint in this guidance is predicated on [turns] [ph] rate of approximately 48%. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 69%. Operating expenses for the December quarter are expected to be approximately $230 million, including $2 million of amortization of acquisition related intangibles. Other income and expense for the December quarter will be a net expense of $7 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 265 million shares. There will be an adjustment to our full year forecast on CapEx. We are raising our forecast to approximately $40 million for the year up from previous guidance of $25 million as a result of building renovations on our San Jose campus. The tax rate for the December quarter is expected to be 12%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon. Despite the anticipated challenges on the September quarter revenue I'm pleased that Xilinx continued to deliver strong profitability. Gross margin was 70.1% facilitating operating margin of 29%. This is a testament to the strength of our business model, the diversity of the markets we serve, the impact of several corporate initiatives focusing on productivity improvement. Revenue from our new products category, which delivered robust 11% sequential increase is expected to further accelerate in the December quarter. This gives us growing confidence that the September quarter represents the bottom of the current cycle for Xilinx. As forecasted, last quarter 28-nanometer revenue growth was driven largely by increases in wired communication industrial applications and defense. Special mention is due to our Zynq product family, the industry's first all programable SoC which increased sequentially by nearly 40%, repeating a similar increase in the June quarter. Our overall 28-nanometer revenue is expected to grow significantly in the December quarter, with sales driven by a majority of our end-markets. These include communication, industrial, automotive, defense and test and measurement. 20-nanometer revenue in September quarter comfortably exceeded $50 million forecast. Majority of the growth continue to be driven by Virtex UltraScale, the industry's only ASIC class 20-nanometer high end product offering. In the December quarter we are expecting 20-nanometer sales to again post strong growth and exceed $20 million led by wired communications and test and measurement applications. The 16-nanometer node we shipped the industry's first all programmable MPSoC. This product has been already delivered to customers. This is a quarter ahead of schedule highlighting the third consecutive generation of product leadership enabled by stellar execution, by our foundry partner, TSMC, in conjunction with our engineering and operations teams. This exciting new family targets application in embedded vision including ADAS, industrial internet-of-things, 5G wireless systems and will facilitate Xilinx’s expansion into the domain of ASSPs. Finally, last week we announced the strategic partnership with Qualcomm to deliver industry leading heterogeneous computing solutions. These solutions will deliver new levels of efficiency and performance through FPGA-enabled dynamic work load acceleration on Qualcomm's ARM-Based Server platforms. As I mentioned at the beginning of my comments, top line 3% to 7% sales growth expected in the December quarter is again being driven from our new product category. This is forecasted to deliver another healthy double digit percentage increase comprised by both our 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer leadership portfolios. We now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. Your first question is from William Stein from SunTrust.
William Stein: Great, thank you for taking my question. I'd like to first ask about the extra week in the quarter, and your expectations for that effect on the P&L. Should we expect that to be sort of a linear view and maybe add roughly 7% to sales or is that an overly optimistic view as to what that adds?
Jon Olson: Hello, it's Jon. I don't know about being overly optimistic or not. But because the way this is a holiday, end of the year kind of thing and what the week's work out they would definitely, kind of piles up towards more of the day of the holiday which are typically not good production time period. I mean the end of our quarter ends up being, I think like January second or something like that. So I mean we are now overlapping both Christmas and the New Years' time. So I don't think, thinking about it from a 7% or arithmetic way is necessarily the right way. However there is obviously some more shipping days in the quarter as a result of it. And of course we get a full week of expense no matter what.
William Stein: Understood. Thank you and then maybe I can just tackle the cyclical commentary. I think you are pretty explicit that you feel September, Moshe, I think you said September marks the bottom in the cycle for Xilinx. Perhaps, you can help us with the strength by end market when we look out to see what the next cycle, what the upcoming let's say up turn should bring. Would you anticipate that the comment for structure end-market would be the greatest driver of that? And are you seeing -- I missed whether you said you're seeing signs of life in wireless infrastructure in China, whether that's sort -- whether those are -- that spending has started to come back. Thank you. 
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So if you look at it market-by-market there is some recovery in communications, not necessarily from huge, snap backs, in particular and not on wireless. So this does not assume there is a tremendous improvement in wireless. We are seeing improvement in wireless. It has come off the trough. The trough I believe was in this quarter before last and it is improving slowly from that. But there is no huge rebound. We are seeing strength in wired communications that is growing nicely and some of the other markets are growing at a nice level and are driving this. It tends to be a little broad, but Jon do you want to share your specifics?
Jon Olson: Yeah, so I think if you look at our new product growth rate of 11% and an expectation that we're going to have a nice growth in this next quarter as well on new products, I think what we're seeing is bouncing off the bottom. We're seeing some of the designs that we've really started to grow pretty significantly in wired and across automotive and industrial, when we look at our Zynq product family starting to grow very significantly now. And that's a good sign.  And the two drags that we had going for us through the earlier part of this calendar year was our aerospace and defense business declining from the standpoint of the Joint Strike Fighter Program finally shipments being done. So that is essentially aerospace and defense especially hitting bottom for us in this past quarter. And then the fact that inventory needs to bled off in China particularly. And we believe our customers have reduced their inventory levels of FPGAs that they had in their stores and we're starting to see some signs of more reordering and some more incremental deployments, as Moshe said but not a giant snapback. So those are some of the factors that I think have contributed to our view, in our confidence level that we're going to start moving back up now from the bottom. 
William Stein: Great, thank you. 
Jon Olson: Next question please? 
Operator: Your next question is from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 
Gabriela Borges : Great, thanks so much for taking the question. This is Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim. Maybe just a follow-up on the earlier comment on inventory levels and the supply chain. If you could share with us any metrics specifically on inventory at wireless OEM customers and then to the extent you could talk about inventory and distribution more broadly across the end markets and where those levels are compared normal levels that will be very helpful. Thank you. 
Jon Olson: I think just as a general comment, inventories across most of our end markets are pretty lean and including in distribution, despite the fact that we had a buildup in distribution right at the end of the quarter, but again that was timing from when Avnet's quarter end because they had the 14 weeks last quarter which was after our -- a week after our quarter end. So there was some build up there but that really isn't a sign of any sort of long-term business situation. So I think in distribution we're in pretty good shape.  With respect specifically to wireless it's always difficult to know the true story about what the status is exactly. I think as you recall we've talked about this before. There are base stations that our customers have on loan to the carriers. There are base stations that we're in inventory completed and then there were situations where we know FPGAs were built up in their factories and what we can see the most obviously is the FPGA inventory and that's where we feel we work that down at major customers and there should be more of a demand pull kind of a situation now on a go forward basis, that's our view on that. 
Gabriela Borges: Appreciate the color thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. I wonder if you could talk again on the wireless infrastructure side, just conceptually as you look forward. I think you said that it was down about 50% year-over-year a couple of quarters ago. If you think about where it could go in the future do you think that, that business for you can exceed the prior peaks or are there some things that would limit it from ever reaching those peaks just conceptually trying to think if we are at the bottom what does the next top look like and where does it compare to the prior?
Moshe Gavrielov: So if you look at wireless, there is various elements and there's 4G deployment and the next major surge will be 5G deployment, which were already designed into a lot of the prototypes which will be demonstrated in the next few years. But reality there is long time before there is the massive growth in 5G. So if you are looking for the short-term we do expect for it to grow it’s unlikely in the short-term to get to the previous peak. That peak was driven by a surge in China. What we’re seeing now is deployment in India but that is viewed as a much smaller market and then other markets are deploying at a low rate.  So I don’t see us returning to that previous peak, which I believe was in the March 2014 quarter any time soon. I do expect us to see a recovery from the trough of the previous peak it’s going to take time and it will probably require a combination of elements to return to that level.
Jon Olson: I would just point out that that previous peak that Moshe referred to was an artificial peak in retrospect meaning there was a lot of inventory build -- being built up by our customers who all thought they were going to get a higher share, it was earlier in the China LTE rollout of TD and I think we had many customers thinking they were going to get a bigger share out of that. And so in retrospect that’s why I called it the artificial peak.
Ross Seymore: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Jon. Just a question on OpEx then I have a follow-up. So obviously the extra week is, I think impacting the OpEx in the December. How should we think about it as we head into the March quarter and beyond?
Jon Olson: Yeah, so we provided full year guidance for R&D and SG&A and we do still expect to be in that range and maybe SG&A a little bit towards the bottom of that range quite frankly but there's still a couple of puts and takes going on, on that. But we’re very comfortable with the previous range. We can get you those numbers if you need them it’s we have…
Srini Pajjuri: I think I have them too, yeah, that’s great. And then maybe for Moshe. You put out a press release a couple of days ago on the Qualcomm partnership. I guess one of the reasons that Intel has been talking about for acquiring Altera is I guess they want to integrate FPGA into the x86 die. I am just curious if this partnership with Qualcomm first, is it exclusive to Qualcomm and then I think you also mentioned that down the road you plan to offer integrated solutions does that mean that Qualcomm would be offering fully integrated single die solutions with Xilinx FPGAs on it? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So let me first answer with regards to Qualcomm. So we will have a range of solutions that we work on with Qualcomm, start from cards and then move to higher level of integrations we haven’t defined what those higher levels of integration are but we are working closely with them. And this is a program that started two years ago and what was shown at the rollout was that the first server that they were providing to their software developers and to their customers as a development platform and there was in parallel a board which had our device on it which connected with that and provided the 10 to 50x acceleration for certain sets of applications. And so that's the situation there.  We have a very tight relationship with Qualcomm. It's not an exclusive relationship. One of the opportunities we have is we believe that the data center market is an emerging market. There are three elements to it. There is a networking part, there is a storage part and there is a acceleration part, which is the one which is getting the most praise. But isn't the only one. So the first two are obviously we are in a good position there. With regards to the third what we are seeing is there is a lot of competitive architectures, x86, ARM and others which are pursuing that market at this point in time. Clearly Intel has the highest market share. But it is expected to have more than one set of solution, that is driven by the customers who are very large independent companies and they desire to control their own destiny. So we do believe that that will over time provide interesting growth opportunity for us and we have a strategy that enables us to participate at different levels of integration with all of the players in that market.
Srini Pajjuri: That's great, and when do you expect production revenues from this partnership, Moshe? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, with the Qualcomm I can't tell you without disclosing when they are going to ship the product hence, I am precluded from answer that, but other partners are in different stages of deployment. A few are a little further ahead, a few are further behind. And so over time we do expect this to be a significant growth opportunity for us. But this is not measured in months. This is couple of years out at the earliest before it starts becoming visible.
Srini Pajjuri: Great, thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Danely from Citigroup.
Christopher Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Just one question on the call end [ph] market. So if you look at the spending patterns from the China carriers and looks like it's got pretty strong in the second half of this year. So how much of this are you guys seeing and then conversely getting into the next calendar year, it looks like spending is down. So any thoughts you have on the market for next year would be appreciated as well.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yeah, Chris, on the spending pattern out of China and just generally Asia, as we have been communicating here, we do see positive signs. But we don't really see -- we see the positioning that there could be brisker growth out there in the next two quarters for us, the rest of our fiscal, but our customers are certainly not committing to that level at this point in time. So it's one of those situations again where you don't know whether it's a false signal that they are saying 'hey, it could be bigger than this or may not be bigger than this. So we put a number in that we think is more in the center of likelihood there. And relative to next year it's very difficult to forecast for the whole year on the wireless segment. But I don't think we are looking at it, based on how poor this year is. I don't think we're looking at it as a down year for us next year, that's about all I'll say on that.
Christopher Danely: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. If we go back to the server acceleration business, can you talk about how big you think that opportunity ultimately can be, Altera had talked about it as a $1 billion type of long-term opportunity, Intel made it the focal point of the transaction. Do you agree that it could be that big and then I have a follow-up?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, it's an emerging market and it's a little too early to figure out how it will turn out. But it is clearly in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Could it be a billion dollar? Yes, it could be a billion dollars. But I think it's pretty mature to sort of count on it being that big because it is an emerging market and we expect it to be a very bifurcated market. Again it's sort of important to look at the end customers and these are the big data center company in North America and then there is the big data center companies in China. Each of them has an ecosystem and software environment that they totally control.  And they tend to have an application, which but their applications are different and they tend to do it their own way. So we do expect that to come out with a vast platter of solutions and we believe we'll be in a good position to provide that as opposed to big data small number of solutions which we believe will be the competitive approach. 
Joseph Moore: Okay, great. And then following up on that, to the extent that you've talked about other architectures other than x86 in that market, can you talk about your approach within x86, you sort of assume that the lion share of servers is going to remain in x86. What's your ability to compete, how important is that, that you're not in the co-packaged part with the processor? How did you compete external to that?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, the biggest challenge to integration is power. And if you look at this market it tends to use a pretty high performance processor and a relatively large FPGA. You need those in order to get the acceleration. If you look at those, those tend to be relatively power hungry devices. So there is a limit to what you can do by integrating them to one package. So even if it's just interfacing to an Intel device we believe that we will be able to provide a companion device which will enable a differentiated solution for several of the players in that market. So we do expect to play in that market too, and definitely in any non-Intel market we expect to be to have a very strong position with regards to servicing the requirements we are the primary provider of FPGA solutions and the largest provider of FPGA solutions in the market. 
Joseph Moore: That's very helpful thank you very much. 
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the David Wong from Wells Fargo. 
David Wong : Thank you very much. Can you tell us a bit more about your plans for 16 nanometer? So you've got your first product, will there be a rollout of a large number of more products in the near future? Or will be -- these be spread over time?
Moshe Gavrielov: So what typically happens is when we rollout the first device that it goes through at length the evaluation phase. And as soon as we get to a clear understanding of the level of functionality we then do a rapid rollout of the full on devices. The functionality of this initial device has exceeded all expectations. We got it back faster and it operates much, much better and hence we already shipped it to customers just to sort of demonstrate the level of functionality. So I would expect the rollout of the next devices to be as fast as we can.  We do need to complete the evaluation of first device. That takes significant amount of time. Typically this process takes about a year, to year and half from the first device until you have most of the family rolled out. And given the success and the fast turnaround we got from TSMC and the functionality, both on the manufacturing side, on the engineering side, we should do better than we have in any previous generation. And it is a very broad and deep product offering. It has a very high performance processor sub-system with significant number of embedded dedicated, accelerators. And the combination of those will enable us to take it and compete, overtime against the ASSPs in more and more markets.  So it is, we think this is a watershed moment for us in terms of the rollout.
David Wong : Great, thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ian Ing from MKM Partners.
Ian Ing: Yes, thanks. Question on one of the sub markets. You said that ISM was weaker than expected especially at the end of the quarter. Perhaps kind of what’s driving that and does that continue into this quarter for some period?
Jon Olson: Yeah, at this point in time we don’t think it’s necessarily a bellwether to any sort of cycle. It’s just was, I would say consistent with maybe what we’ve seen in some other component companies, a little softness in that market for a short time period. So it’s the matter of returns profile. We still -- we are expecting continued strength on our new products in that particular area, some of the older designs, just we’re taking a pause probably some inventory adjustments there. But the new products continue to be strong in that particular end market.  So I think it was more -- it’s just more of a -- just the situation for how things played out at the end of the quarter than it is any sort of a forecast for the future.
Moshe Gavrielov: Ian if I can just add color, it’s a market that develops very, very slowly and as a result to the extent there was a downturn, it was the older technologies right. But what we have seen and this was driven by Zynq, is in 28-nanometer we actually saw significant and vibrant growth. So and this is an expansion play for us because the Zynq product offering is different from anything we’ve had in the past.  So we are now seeing that enable us to grow into new areas and so we fully expect ISM even if there are pull backs from time to time, we expect to see that to be one of our more promising growth markets going forward. And it's Zynq and it’s the MPSoC again given the nature of the design wins some of those design wins even on 28-nanometer five or seven years old and are just now starting to hit the, and become visible on the Zynq side and that will grow to be a bigger part of our business going forward.
Ian Ing: Thanks Moshe. And then longer term question here. I mean how much manufacturing cost improvement is left? I see you have now the second highest gross margins in all of semiconductors I mean do you eventually become like a linear which is very high margin but low growth or are you getting some cost improvements as you migrate to 20-nanometers and 60-nanometers et cetera.
Moshe Gavrielov: This is a never ending process and it’s I have often heard the terms that we reached saturation in terms of our capability to improve in terms of density, cost et cetera and as soon as hear that we set a new bar and surprisingly we hit the new saturation point. So I think the opportunity for improvement while not trivial is very significant and we continue to do that on numerous fronts. And it requires a lot of engineering efforts and both in-house and together with our foundry partners. But I don’t think you should sort of assume this is as good as it get.  Now with regards to moving to future nodes the good news is that we are reaching the old historic, so called saturation densities with new nodes faster than you reach them with old nodes even though the new nodes are significantly more complex and have more manufacturing layers. So I think in particular if you look at it see their ability to continue to improve and the volumes they run are very helpful to help us improve on those fronts and we continue to push to achieve those regardless of the node both on old node and new node it’s something that we need to do. So the strategy is both to continue to improve in that regard but also to provide market growth and the market growth comes through expanded product capability.  And that sort of, I will admit that of the past few years, I have two years of not delivering that but we are intent on delivering that going forward, for sure much better than we have in the past two years. 
Jon Olson: I'll just add one comment on that as we -- if there was a question behind your question around are we sacrificing growth to protect margins, no, that's not what we're doing in this. We have here is a situation where we have customer and end market mix that's pretty favorable for us, that we're at the high end of our 68% to 78% stated model for the current period and situation. And there are -- we aren't tied by accepting deals at lower than that margin if need to. We just have a portfolio in the balance and we drive cost reduction where we think volume is going to be and we put more focus on that. And I think you're just seeing a disciplined efficient situation that we put in place in the company and 110% agree with all the things that Moshe just said. 
Ian Ing: Okay, thanks Jon. 
Operator: Your next question is from Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann: Thanks. Hey Moshe wanted to go back to the many solutions versus few solutions type of approach and your wording. Is it is since, are you getting questions in sense of urgency from customers directly regarding that many solutions approach as a result of the Intel and Altera announcement earlier this year, thanks?
Moshe Gavrielov: Hans, just to clarify you're asking generally or are you asking with the data centers in particular?
Hans Mosesmann : Actually yeah data center acceleration, that aspect of potentially why Intel may have wanted the Altera asset?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So with regards to datacenter and the acceleration that subset of applications, as we're going through cloudification or whatever the appropriate word is, and that's a major growth element. A significant portion of the CPUs that are being deployed and now being deployed in these large datacenters in -- and the typical usage is very different from what the general purpose server did. As they build up these big data centers, in particular when you look at the massive players in that market, they tend to have very specific applications. And those applications tend to be massively parallel.  Right, so if you think of things like search et cetera you can see how you could benefit from massively parallel solutions. And what sort of happens is for better or for worse, if you go to just making the CPU faster, the return there is not significant. And if you just go to multi-core CPU, there is a limit to what you can achieve there again without blowing the power and the blow [ph] out of the water or out of the data center. And so what has happened is the biggest limiter is power and the performance per power configuration that you get from an FPGA or programmable solution is superior for most of these applications. And the factor that we are seeing consistently is anywhere from 10 to 50. And it depends on what application, and exactly -- and it can change even between in the same company as they shift things around.  So there, is if you believe, if you look at that then that implies that the traditional ability to address the customers' requirements through selling them faster CPUs or more parallel CPUs is limited. Hence the desire to have a programmable solution and the combination is very beneficial for what is becoming a very large path of the, what used to be a traditional server market. And that's best we can tell, that's what the customers are telling us, that's what they are excited about.  We do believe that the Intel acquisition of Altera was driven by a desire to control that and to make sure that the roll out is driven and not in any way compromised by the CPU power requirements. And hence the rational for doing it and these same customers tend to have a very independent desire to control their destiny, which probably opens up opportunities for other non x86 architectures, for other players if there is a competitive x86 shown at the right point in time together with FPGAs. Now that maybe more than you asked. But that's the comprehensive answer.
Hans Mosesmann : No, that was very good, exactly what I was looking for. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Rolland with FBR and Company.
Christopher Rolland : Hey, guys, thanks for the question. Just about the geographic breakdown, seems like you guys saw maybe a little bit of North American weakness but APAC was strong. And you guys are not the first ones to talk about this today. This is probably different than what we've been reading in the papers. I was wondering if maybe you had some sort of theory on why that might be and why there is a such difference in perception or reality.
Jon Olson: I don't know if I can comment on others as compared to us. I mean I can certainly comment on our business. I mean our strength in Asia Pacific was wireless business for us a little better China and then the India exposure that we had mentioned earlier, I think in answer to one of the question, those are really the bigger drivers there, with some wired business going on. Moshe talked about 5G prototyping, obviously the Chinese manufacturers are involved in that as well and as well as the other Asian manufacturers as well.  So we have been participating in all that. So we've seen really good new product and new development product as well as some of the legacy LTE design that we have won become stronger. I would say industrial was solid or okay for us in Asia as well, but not knocking [ph] in other parts. The North America phenomenon for us was really more about the aerospace and defense business declining than it was anything else. The decline was really driven mostly by the tail end of shipping of the joint strike fighter and the rest of our businesses there were good and in fact the large [ph] business was even up a little bit in North America as well. So I don't know if that help you at all Chris. But...
Christopher Rolland: Very helpful, thank you. Just as a follow up, you just mentioned India and Moshe mentioned it earlier, I think he has mentioned on the last call as well. Moshe, this time around you said that it was a smaller market. Obviously from a population standpoint they are just slightly behind China there. But how do we think about it here, are we thinking about India as fewer base stations or fewer FPGA content per base station when compared to, let's say a Chinese base station. What are the moving parts here and why is it so significantly smaller?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So sadly it is smaller because we believe that if you look at the Chinese approach they invest very heavily in infrastructure and they do it on a broad level, and they do it quickly and they try to make sure, maybe not at the same level you see in the Western world that there is good coverage. India culturally it's sort of incredibly cost focused, and the challenge that exist today in India is even though there is over a billion people there and it's definitely a large country, the problem is that there are a lot of carriers, probably far too many and I think very few if any of them are making any money. So the approach is to do the minimum, right?  And as a result the deployments are likely to be in aggregate quite a bit smaller than what has been done in China. And that's -- it is what it is, maybe overtime it will improve but you go there it is a still a very poor country with a still small middle-class. And if you go to China you can see the infrastructure there is phenomenal and the middle-class there is much larger. And so I believe that that's the major driver for the difference between those two deployments. 
Jon Olson: From a content perspective, there is no significant content differences. I mean our anticipation is just gaited by our penetration in to certain manufacturers who have won the contracts for various carriers. So where we have more content at a given manufacturer then we'll -- and they win that the business in India then we'll participate. But there is nothing about the structural content of an Indian base station that's really different than any other rest of the world. 
Christopher Rolland: Great, thanks a lot. Thanks and good luck guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. 
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you Moshe and Jon. I had a question on the size of the business. You have laid out what seems to be a pretty realistic scenario. 4G is seems to be very long in the tooth or deep. And then 5G is way out there and I think Moshe you have been very consistent about the size and the timing of the server opportunity. So in the last three years where you had a big 4G opportunities in front of you which followed rather quickly after the 3G. So the question is and you also gaining share at 20 nanometer.  So the question that I have is, is the business sized appropriately for a much lower build for the next two three years? Or do you look at what's going on in this space and look at M&A and say what maybe we need to think outside the box to grow and do something unconventional like EPLD companies sort of being affiliatory and you turn and say maybe there are some synergies that we can go after and be acquisitive.  So just wanted your thoughts on that. And one real quick longer term, you haven't talked about autos. I know last year we had a conversation about A-Dash [ph] and how you compete with Mobileye. If you could expand on that that will be great. Thank you Moshe. 
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So maybe Jon can do the automotive one and then I'll give the very loaded or the answer to the very loaded questions you asked at the beginning. 
Jon Olson: Yeah, just at the high level on automotive business for this fiscal year we're expecting a 30% year-on-year, so full year FY '16 -- fiscal year '16 versus full year fiscal '15, we're expecting 30% growth in our automotive business. And that's based on from the product perspective it's based on penetration of Zynq into a variety of applications led by the advanced driver systems capability. Where we complete with Mobileye, by the way, we do we have other design wins that aren't Mobileye oriented. They could to be in radar, distance sensors things like that at the various different FPGAs in that. But relative to the direct completion with Mobileye it's around forward-looking cameras.  So again our business is broader than forward-looking cameras but that's where we do go head on with Mobileye. Our strength has been in the dual or stereo cameras, where there is two cameras looking forward versus one mono camera, that's where we've got our original set hold. And we're very confident about our ability to compete with Mobileye across the broad set of platforms.  Some of our customers actually believe they are competitors to Mobileye because they're doing the full solution and trying to win designs at a variety of platforms at various automobile manufacturers. So as we sit here today looking about this year's growth over last year and next year's growth and near after, we can articulate to ourselves pretty much every platform that we won in this regard and tend to see the kind of growth level that is potentially ahead of us again begin continuing this double digit growth on a go forward basis. Because we know we won these designs and the designs are very sticky for a multiple car year models.  So with that I'll hand over the rest of it to Moshe. 
Moshe Gavrielov: Yeah now I'll try and respond to your very big question in a succinct way because otherwise we won’t get home for dinner tonight but the my perspective and this is no longer in dispute is that the semiconductor world is going through a significant structural change and it’s being driven by economics and as a result there is actually less and less players, I think that, that is no longer a bone of contention. You just need to count and see how much smaller it is. It’s significantly smaller. There is fewer and fewer, to the point of almost none getting refresh through the venture world and the cost of moving forward from generation to generation is actually going up and there is fewer and fewer players who can do that. So if you step back and look at that entire trend that clearly is an opportunity for companies who can move forward and we are one of those companies that’s why we were first 28 with SMC first 20 with TSMC as a semiconductor player and that’s why we got the 16 out way ahead of the competition. The reason that we do that is not just for bragging rights it’s actually because once we have that leadership we can expand markets we address. If you look at what has happened to Xilinx over the past 10 years the role our devices play and generally the role FPGA devices play in a customer systems is changing.  And as a result I will concede that the historic [indiscernible] logic FPGA market is not growing. But what is happening and you could argue that that is reason not to invest but what is growing is the SAM in terms of new markets we are addressing. If you sort of looked at our business you can see that even though this is not happening quite at the rate we had hoped we are displacing ASSPs. So if you look at the Zynq product offering that required new investment, a big investment but it’s now starting to pay off these past two quarters both grew by around 40% and this is just the beginning. And that enables us to play in markets we have not played before.  So that’s the strategy we have. We believe that yes the results are not there in terms of the overall numbers but if you look at the change in the markets and the competition then actually there is an opportunity and in order to do that we are continuing to develop and be at the leading edge. Having said that, we can still do it and deliver profitability which was sort of in the higher echelon.  So our strategy is to doing that because we believe that the opportunity is there the markets are developing and unfolding. And with just to take one example automotive was market which was very, very low single-digit percent for us and now is we expect for that to grow over the next few years. Industrial control, again another slow market is a market where we can displace a lot of solutions where in the past the customer would go to Freescale and TI et cetera to a large extent a lot of those historic players are no longer around. So that’s the strategy we have and part of that strategy requires us to continue to provide leadership also, it also requires us to invest heavily in tools so that our customers can exploit the opportunity that our silicon provides them. And that’s an ongoing element and that’s the strategy at this point in time.  The challenge on the M&A side is that there is very few companies out there that we can buy that fit into our business model and actually augment our offering and hence you are right in pointing out that we haven’t done much there. But I do believe the investments we are making while continuing to deliver best in class profitability will over the time enable us to continue to grow.
Rick Muscha: Operator we have time for one more caller.
Operator: And your last question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So on the subject of new opportunities and the importance of tools on the Zynq and Zynq MPSoC product families which are in reality just full blown SoCs. I mean there is obviously a lot of software and firmware development, that's being tied to these programs. You've got your SDx development platform to kind of help to facilitate much of the software and the firmware development. So I guess the question is what's been the adoption curve of SDx, how important has the SDx portfolio been in terms of helping customers get into market faster and potentially capturing more design wins with the Zynq platform?
Moshe Gavrielov: Harlan, thanks for the question. So it has been very successful. There is tiers of products that we are providing, there is high levels interphase rate which is something we have had for close to five years and there is the SDx families of product that going out they have SD XL I believe has thousands of users at this point in time. SD SoC is starting to be used broadly. It's a big enabler to grow the population of users beyond the hardcore hardware FPGA designer. So it is essential and technology is doing well and the market deployment is doing well.  The reason that the financial implications aren't yet visible in a big way is that the initial targets for those markets were industrial control and automotive and those two market move at the slower cadence. With the new generation we are actually expanding the number of markets we are addressing and we expect to see increased adoption of them. So yeah it is essential and it is something we need to do in order to displace ASSPs and to address the bigger SAM and so far in terms of technology and the deployment it's going according to plan.
Harlan Sur: Very helpful. Thanks Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yeah, sure. Thank you.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time, 8 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. This quarter we will be presenting at the NASDAQ Conference in London on December 1st, the Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference in Scottsdale also on the 1st and the Barclays Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 9. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations Moshe Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer Jon Olson - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Chris Danely - Citi Ryan Goodman - CLSA Ian Ing - MKM Partners Joe Gallo - FBR Capital Markets Kulin Patel - BMO Capital Market Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Charles Kazarian - Credit Suisse Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx’s First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, our CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the June quarter and then we will open the call for questions. This quarter we changed our revenue by product category classification. We make changes to this classification on a regular basis as products mature and new products are introduced, and there have been the product categories to be more meaningful to investors. In addition, we consolidated the other end-market category into the Communications & Data Center end-market. For comparative purposes, we have provided supplemental schedule on our website at www.investor.xilinx.com that presents results based on the previous category classification. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx sales were $549 million, down 3% sequentially and within our guidance. Profitability remained strong during the quarter with a better than expected gross margin continued OpEx control and a healthy cash flow generation. New product sales decreased 10% in the quarter, almost entirely driven by 28-nanometer products which were impacted by weak sales to Wireless customer. Sales from 20-nanometer product exceeded $10 million during the quarter doubling from the prior quarter. From an end-market perspective sales from Communications & Data Center remained weak, decreasing 11% sequentially. The greater than forecasted decline was driven by Wireless Communications, which was weaker than anticipated due to continued decline from a broad-based of customers predominately serving the China and U.S. markets. Wired sales were as expected for the quarter. While shipments into the Cable Access business were particularly strong, overall CapEx spending remains weak. Wired Communications was the largest end-market contributor to 28-nanometer revenues in fiscal Q1. The Industrial and Aerospace & Defense segment was better than forecasted driven by ISM and A&D. ISM sales were a record during the quarter. Sales from test declined as expected. Lastly, Broadcast, Consumer & Automotive was essentially flat as expected. Although, flat sequentially, sales from Automotive are up nearly 50% from the same quarter a year ago and remained at a record 7% of total sales. Gross margin was 70.9% for the quarter better than anticipated, primarily as a result of product and customer mix, although we continued to be focused on driving improvements and profitability. Operating expenses including $2 million in amortization were $211 million in line with expectations. Other income was the net expense of $11 million, slightly better than forecasted due to long-term investment gains. Net income for the quarter was $148 million or $0.55 per diluted share. Operating cash flow for the June quarter was $183 million before $8 million in CapEx. Diluted shares for the quarter were 271 million, there was a 9 million share dilutive effect from a convertible notes. For questions relating to the dilution associated with our convertible debt, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. We repurchased 2.2 million shares for $100 million during the quarter and made a record $80 million payment in quarterly dividends. We returned nearly 100% of operating cash flow to shareholders during the quarter. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments were flat at $3.6 billion. We have $600 million in convertible debt and $1 billion in fixed rate debt resulting in a net cash position of approximately $2 billion. Inventory dollars at Xilinx decreased $9 million sequentially. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the September quarter of fiscal year ’16. Our backlog heading into the quarter is down sequentially. Communications is forecasted to be flat. The Wireless market continues to be challenging and is negatively impacting our previously stated full-year revenue estimates. While we do expect improvement in the second half of fiscal ‘16 from increased spending in China, North America and India, the rate of improvement remains difficult to forecast. Wired Communications continues to be impacted by a weak CapEx environment, although, we expect to continue to benefit throughout the year from revenue growth in new programs where we have displaced ASSP’s in addition to gaining share in traditional FPGA sockets. The strengthened of these programs are in the areas of Cable Infrastructure, Access and OTN. We expect the Industrial and Aerospace & Defense segment to be down substantially due to a decrease in A&D driven by the expected conclusion of a large program. Xilinx’s 28-nanometer parts were recently design into subsystem to the next-generation program that is expected to begin production in fiscal year ‘17. Although the Aerospace & Defense market has been characterized by quarterly volatility, this segment remains an important business for Xilinx. Our 28 nanometer revenues are growing at a rate much faster than previous new product introduction as we expand our presence in areas such as situational awareness, public safety and embedded vision systems. ISM is expected to be approximately flat during the quarter and Test is expected to decline. Lastly, we expect all components of the Broadcast, Consumer and Automotive category to be approximately flat. We expect strong growth in Automotive in fiscal ‘16 as Zynq enters volume production at many large OEMs. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be down 2% to 6% to down 2% to down 6% sequentially. The midpoint of this guidance is predicated on turns rate of approximately 51%. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 69% to 70%. Operating expenses for the September quarter are expected to be approximately $217 million, including $2 million of amortization of acquisition related intangibles. As I mentioned last quarter, Q1 OpEx would be at the low point for the year. The increase in Q2 OpEx will be driven primarily by hiring in the sales force, an increase tape-out expense related primarily to the 16 nanometer technology generation. Other income and expense for the September quarter will be a net expense of $10 million. The share count is expected to be roughly 268 million shares. The tax rate for September quarter is expected to be approximately 12%. The reset of our tax rate guidance to 12% is due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Though the June quarter was challenging from topline perspective, we continue to be pleased with our focus on delivering sustained type of stability. Gross margin was 70.9% better than expectations, driving an operating margin of 32.5%. 28 nanometer revenue decline as we anticipated, driven by weakness in wireless communication. However sales from our Zynq product family, the industry’s first All Programmable SoC increased more than 40%. The primary driver for this growth came from ADAS applications. Important industry growth driver ideally suited to benefit from the Zynq product family’s innovative and differentiated capabilities. We expect 20 nanometer sales to return to growth in September quarter driven by continued sales increase from the Zynq product as well as an increase in wired communication. Additionally, we’re forecasting 28 nanometer revenue to grow for the balance of fiscal year 2016, driven by demand stabilization and communications, continued strong adoption in Automotive, ISM, Test and Aerospace and Defense. We’re also executing very well with our 20 nanometer Ultrascale portfolio. Technology leadership at this node is very rapidly translating to sales leadership. We have now shipped 20 nanometer parts to more than 140 discrete customers in all of our major end markets. 20 nanometer revenue in June quarter doubled sequentially more than $10 million with significant growth coming from Virtex Ultrascale, the industry's only ASIC class 20 nanomenter high-end product offering. The September quarter, we’re forecasting 20 nanometer sales to exceed $15 million for experiencing a sales ramp that is more accelerated than our initial expectations. We estimate our share at this node in approaching 80%, confident of share of 20 nanometer will continue to exceed 65% market share we have delivered at 28 nanometer. The 16 nanometer node, we taped out the industry's first All Programmable Multiprocessor SoC using TSMC’s 16FF class process. This product family targets applications in embedded vision including ADAS, Industrial Internet-of-things beside two wireless systems. During the June quarter, we also extended our world class partnership with TSMC, the undisputed leader in the foundry industry with the announcement that we will be leveraging TSMC’s 7 nanometer processed technology, 3D IC technology for our next generation of All Programmable FPGAs, 3D ICs and MPSoCs. Technology represents the fourth consecutive generation where the two companies have partnered advanced process and cohort backing technology and will become TSMC's fourth generation of FinFET technology. We anticipate the first tape-out at 7 nanometer at full year 2017. Finally, with regard to design software, earlier this week, we announced the public access release of our SDSoC development environment to expand the user base of Zynq SoCs and MPSoCs to a broad community of systems and software engineers, both existing in new market. Despite weak global communications spending environment, I remain very confident in Xilinx’s strong technology leadership and market expansion initiatives driven by existing and new SDx software designed development environment. We will continue to focus on maintaining high levels of profitability in any business environment with the overall goal of maximizing shareholder. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Moshe, a bigger picture question for you, similar to what we’ve been asking linear attack. What is your view on what's going on with overall demand being weaker than expected whether by geography and market or whatever you believe the cause to be. And do you think that is more of a short-term pause or something that's a little more longer in duration?
Moshe Gavrielov: We see the weakness primarily in wireless and it’s being choppy and less predictable than we had thought it would be for some time now. And as a result, we’re very hesitant to call when the visibility will improve there. We do think it’s a question of when, not a question of if but it has shrunk by significant amount. And if you compare where we were a year ago to where we are now, I think it’s several tens of percent lower. So that’s the major market of vertical where we think issues. On the other areas, I wouldn’t say that they are buoyant and vibrant and doing great but they are sort of holding out for us. So that’s the Xilinx’s perspective. Jon, to you, concur.
Jon Olson: Yeah. I do concur. I would also add to that, that our share position is particularly in the wireless segment. It is still very strong. I think that helps bolster our confidence that when these things do come back, we are going to be a strong participant of that. And as I said, it’s very hard to get exactly what the trajectory of the second half improvement is. And we see signs and positive statement from both customers and carriers but we’re going quarter-by-quarter right now in this particular end market.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from William Stein with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. William Stein, your line is open.
William Stein: Sorry. I was muted. Thanks for taking my question. The negative outlook in the industrial end market where you are citing ending of a program in Aerospace and Defense, was there sort of last-time buy that was associated with that, that was going on recently and then I have a follow-up please?
Jon Olson: Well, this is part of the announced program where the joint strike -- specific with the Joint Strike Fighter where there is a very large set of purchases going on over a period of a year and a half to two years and this is just the -- essentially the end of that particular procurement and they are redesigning some of the key elements into electronics inside the aircraft and as I said, we are winning all the redesigns. It is just that there is this gap between when the older designs, materials being acquired versus the new periods. So, we are the end of that particular program and we won’t see any significant revenue shift into that program for the remainder of this year. So, I wouldn’t associate it wholly with any sort of a last-time buy situation.
William Stein: Thanks. And then the follow-up is a much broader question. Competitively when you talk to customers, I’d love to hear about sort of positioning the company does relative to your competitor is soon likely to be owned by Intel, whether that changes the dynamic and how so, both on the relationship side and then the anticipated manufacturing change that might happen at that supplier?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, let me take it. So, fundamentally, if you look at the markets we service there highly diversified markets that look for eights months technology and a significant level of support with a very long lifecycle. And this is a market we have serviced really well. We continue to service it well. We have delivered market share expansion of 28-nanometer. We’ve seen that expand to better position the 20. We believe we are ahead of the game now being the first to tape-out at the node beyond that 16 and we are already working with TSMC on the 7-nanometer and we expect to tape out in the 2017 timeframe. So on the silicon side, the customers are very sure that they will continue to have the same level of excellence in terms of technology leadership and a timeliness and that’s an opportunity for us. Now when you supplement that with the leadership we have on the software and expansion with the new product, the SDAccel and the SDSoC, which we have now are broadly, are making available to customers and not only is it the best silicon but it’s the best software in the industry and the best support infrastructure in the industry. So, we actually believe that this is an opportunity for us and I would say the customers are reassured by that. And we know that we are the biggest and have been for the longest period of time, the leader and the bellwether player in this market. So, we remain committed to it and together with our unique relationship with TSMC and Avnet, we will continue to get the best products around the further requirement. So, the market will rollover, we don’t know what will happen on the other side. I think generally speaking, this bodes well for us and that’s why our interest -- continued interest heavily to make sure we can exploit this opportunity.
William Stein: Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you
Operator: The next question is from Chris Danely with Citi.
Chris Danely: Hey, guys. Now that the Altera doubling is officially official, I guess I can stop asking my hypothetical questions and ask some real questions. So are you seeing any reaction from your customers on that and then Intel talked about a delay in 10-nanometers. How do you think that positions Altera versus yourselves?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, I'm not sure I can handle what I said before. We're focused on delivering leadership on silicon, on software in terms of support and we are working with TSMC and with ARM on the next-generation products. And we now have announced 7-nanometer tape out and TSMC and ARMS will be available 2017 and we expect to tape out at that point in time. So, we are focused on execution and all of the uncertainty with regards to the Altera acquisition by Intel. I think that's generally an opportunity for us as long as we continue to execute and deliver. And since we've done that at 28 and our results speak for themselves, the results of 20 are already demonstrating even better market share for us. We will first succeed and working on 7, I think as we continue to execute, there is upside for us from all of the uncertainty.
Chris Danely: Has there been any reaction from the customers?
Moshe Gavrielov: The customers are generally happy that they have the bellwether in the largest company in the business, continued focus on this mode of business, right. And I think it’s a wait and see for them with regards to see what will happen on the other side, right. But we're around. We are open for business and we are committed and continued to be committed to delivering the leadership, both on the technology and the support side.
Chris Danely: Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA.
Ryan Goodman: Hey. This is Ryan Goodman from Srini. I get another one for you on Intel and Altera? So now with that kind of in the works, I'm curious if you see any need to maybe go out and get access through a partnership or maybe start working in-house on a customer onboard just to stay competitive in terms of potential integration advantages that Intel may have with Altera overtime.
Moshe Gavrielov: So that’s a great question. And we were first the 28 with rank. We were first at 16 with our MPSoC product, which actually has a very attractive performance level and we believe that for most of the markets we are addressing, ARM is actually by far the best solution. I could say that the one potential exception to data is the data center market. But the data center market is likely to bifurcate into Intel and the rest of the world and so the rest of the world, we believe we are going to be the natural and best solution. So, there's upside for us there and we think we can do it with the ARM product roadmap and with the TSMC process and we’ve already demonstrated that. There is a lot of cluster about the leadership that Intel would deliver to Altera. The fact is we already had -- with regards to that node. So, we believe that we are in good shape both strategically and tactically, and definitely the on roadmap will suffice knowing. If you’re asking a very specific question, could there be markets where fully optimized x86 solution provides some advantage? The answer to that is yes, there are some markets. It tends to be a small subset of the overall market. And we think for most of the market, we will have a very adequate and competitive solution using our existing roadmap.
Ryan Goodman: Okay. Great. Thanks. And I just want to follow up on the financial model. You had hinted in the prepared comments that the wireless issues are kind of challenging. Your prior targets were flat, up 2% for the fiscal year. So just curious if there is anything else to add there if you’re providing an actual update there. And also on the OpEx side too, I think you had a forecast out there, just maybe an update on how that’s tracking? Thanks.
Jon Olson: Yes. So at this time, we aren’t going to go quarter by quarter. The wireless as I said on the previous answer as well, it’s really hard to understand what the pace of the change, the trajectory is on China and the US, specifically the Chinese base station rollout and more specifically Sprint for us, which was one of our leading growth sectors in North America. I mean, Verizon and AT&T are also involved, but Sprint was certainly one of the leading growth sectors there. So we are not giving a new number for the full year just because of the challenge of understanding what that really means to us. So meaning how strong will it come back, will it come back in the second half, all those things, really hard for us to say. So we aren’t putting out a new number. Spending, we revised spending downward in our last call vis-à-vis what we said at Investor Day and we aren’t changing that forecast this time.
Ryan Goodman: Okay. Thanks.
Rick Muscha: Okay. Thank you. Next question?
Operator: The next question is from Ian Ing with MKM Partners.
Ian Ing: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. A bit early a $10 million of revenue per quarter, but can you talk about 20 nanometers, perhaps yields, execution, volume ramps, as it compares to 28 nanometers?
Moshe Gavrielov: That’s the great question, Ian. So if you look at 28, it was a very, very, very broad node and there is a low end, the midrange, high end, those the same product line which ended up with the large number of product. From our perspective, the 20 and 16 together which are coming out relatively close, closer than typical should more or less be equivalent to 28. So 20 is not as big as 28, but neither that we expect to be and 20 is now benefiting from the fact we have high end and midrange there. And that’s what is generating this level of revenue, but there is no low end and then there is no Zynq equivalent on the 20-nanometer. Hence, overall, it’s not as vibrant as 28 as well, but on the other hand it’s doing better than we had expected. So we are quite pleased with the results so far and the pickup in terms of design wins, which are now rapidly turning into revenues were encouraging from my perspective.
Ian Ing: Great. And for my follow-up, I mean how much do you think Xilinx’s customers are seeing price increases year-to-date, whether it’s deliberate value-based pricing or the strong dollar overseas and what’s the response has been? I know Avnet as early as June said there is really no impact to the strong dollar. I was just wanted to check in on that.
Jon Olson: Yes. I certainly have not seen much impact to the stronger dollar. Of course, it’s pulled back a little bit now, but we really haven’t. I thought I sensed the pause in our industrial business in Europe a few quarters back, but then it’s bounced back the next quarter, I mean it’s stable now. And it’s got some growth going on there. So we really haven’t seen anything there overall. So yes, generally, I think things are not being impacted on a worldwide basis because of the currency strength for us.
Ian Ing: Thank you.
Rick Muscha: Thanks, Ian. Next question please.
Operator: The next question is from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Joe Gallo: Hey, guys. This is Joe on for Chris. Thanks for letting me ask the question. So you’ve really recently been promoting Zynq for ADAS and Embedded Vision, but there is one clear winner in Embedded Vision and it appears they are using ASIC approach. So what gives you confidence there that there will be a gravitation toward FPGAs and who are your earlier design wins there?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, we are very confident because we have design wins and we have models that are going into production. And I think there is already 12 and it could be that the number is slightly higher that are already 12 models that are going into production at this point in time with our solution. And we don’t have the plurality of the market, it’s a market which is emerging, but we believe that it’s a great starting point for us and it’s helping to drive our business. And for everyone who is looking for a differentiated solution as opposed to a cookie cutter solution, which will give you -- which won’t give you an advantage, then we are the train to ride with that regard. We think more and more of the customers adopt our solution. I don’t think we are going to have 50% market share this generation, but we are already garnering tremendous number of design wins with the MPSoC for the follow-on for that. So we are very pleased with the market share with the Zynq product offering and we expect that to expand with the MPSoC market, which is in its infancy. And I think that it’s still too early to assume that there is only going to be one winner, we expect to be a significant winner in this market.
Joe Gallo: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then as a follow-up. I know back to the 16-nanometer tape-out, I know there is a press release recently about taping out a program a little multi-processor 16-nanometer chip. What else are you close to taping out on 16-nanometer and how should we think about the progression of products that node will be high end first and midrange and how should we think about that?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, the 16-nanometer offering is quite broad and it has a midrange, high end and very extensive processor roadmap, so that’s the MPSoC. So it covers probably 80%, or 70% to 80% of the total area that we tend to play and it doesn’t cover the very low end. We will be -- we feel we had good coverage with the 28 and 45-nanometer solution at the low end and we will be bolstering that low end portfolio in the future with the new generation of technology, but that’s what -- this has been taped out. The initial product is a relatively high end product with an embedded processor, but it’s not the ultimate high end. It’s sort of just on the same between the midrange and the high end of the product offering. And we are going to continue to expand going up and down. And the first version does has embedded CPU core and that will be the first one which will come out we will have, is targeted to have the embedded CPU core and that has a tremendous level of interest in the market.
Jon Olson: And other additional tape out as we move through the year. I mean this was just the first tape out as we’ve wound down our 20-nanometer tape out focus and getting all those outer markets and 16 comes right behind it and they’ll continue to have tape out throughout the rest of remainder of this year and to the following fiscal year.
Joe Gallo: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Market.
Kulin Patel: Hi. It’s Kulin Patel for Ambrish. Thanks for taking my question. I have question on earlier you mentioned that you plan to introduce 7-nanometer products in 2017. This implies that just to your gap between tape out for 15 and 7, are you skipping 10-nanometer and if it any reason why you are skipping 10-nanometer?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So if you look at the sequence, there is 28 and then 20 and 16 came out in rapid session. And there was actually two flavors of 16, there was 16FF and the 16FF+. So we -- after we did the 20 we decided to skip the 16FF and go straight to the FF+. With the gap between 7 and 10 at TSMC actually is quite significant in terms of the capabilities of the two products. And from our perspective, our customers can only digest technology of the certain cadence. If we bring out the technology every three months, that’s not going to help them. So to some extent the somewhere between every two to three years to have a major technology refresh for the business we’re in is the right cadence. And what we decided to do is to shoot for the best technology, which will be available in that’s sort of timeframe. And because of 7-nanometer fits the bill and its lower power and denser and actually higher performance, we felt it was better to do that than to split between the 10 and the 7. So that sort of the depth of the thinking and we’re quite confident that this is the right decision in terms of our customer requirements.
Kulin Patel: Great. Thanks, guys.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Vivek Arya with BofA.
 : Hi. This is [Shankar] [ph] on behalf of Vivek. So I just want to dig into the wireless weakness. So they are going to sign up a letter. They have been adding a lot of these subscribers. So the real reason for the weakness is that excess inventory or you think customers are using more ASICs, ASSP as well as FPGA like before? And what do you think will turn this around for you in the long run?
Jon Olson: Well, the answers are different by geography to that question. Really isn’t the same. The transits of China in general has been stalled out both because the SD standard deployment, which is one of the bigger thing that was -- we were counting on for this year to actually began and be more robust as we move through the year. That was stalled out originally by China Unicom and China Telecom. The audits that they had relative to ethics and those kinds of things they were on. There has been an overall slowdown of capital spend in China and infrastructure, which is more of a macro thing going on relative to the China issue. So I think that’s been the biggest driver there and there absolutely has been a build-up of base station inventory and our product in the Chinese suppliers that is being let off as China Mobile continues to deploy at a much lower rate than the previous year but China Unicom and China telecom not as much. So if you -- people have told me that if you’re in China and you using one of those handsets from the China Mobile network, there is still a lot of coverage issues. So a lot things are left to be done there. So I’m not so sure it’s driven by the subscriber poll. I think there are some bigger issues going on there. Relative to North America, it’s kind of bifurcated into Sprint who is also having some financial issues in terms of funding their network, so they slowed down the deployment of their network. And they’ve gone through a rebating process and that process has been completed as best as we can tell. And so again, we think that because of those milestones, we think things are going to start to turnaround and grow for us in the second half of this year and into calendar 2016. AT&T and Verizon have slowed down their cap spending in the first part of the year. There was Spectrum acquisition. They also are trying to spend a little more money now and those are going to be additional capacitization of that network. So it really is different by different carriers and geography. The thought process about what’s going to turn this around for us is just exactly the fact that subscriber and coverage is not uniformly sufficient and good in those geographies. The thought process about what’s going to turn this around for us is just exactly the fact that subscriber and coverage is not uniformly sufficient and good in those geographies. And as Moshe said earlier, it's a matter of when. It's not a matter of if for us. And again, we’ve seen positive press coming out of carriers relative to some improvement in that. We’ve seen orders turn with respect to India, some growth there. So, we have some specific orders ahead of us on that. So, we are starting to see some positive signs that would lead us to believe that the second half of fiscal year will be better.
 : Great. So, I have one follow-up. So, on the data center side, actually the Exadata opportunity was a prime reason why Intel acquired Altera. Can you talk about how big the market is for you? Is it still an area of focus and is Intel acquiring Altera, they some how going to come over to optimize product that can even say knock you out of the market? Can you just give some color around the data center object?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So the various element to the data center and there is elements that focus on storage, elements that focus on networking and elements that focus on compute. So the storage and networking are largely unimpacted by this acquisition. And in compute space, it’s very clear that FPGAs provide a viable, very attractive lower-power solution, which significantly provide an improvement in the performance per watt by -- what we're seeing is somewhere between 20x to 30x in several applications, vis-à-vis standalone, high performance processor. And that’s because these applications in the cloud tend to be massively parallel and these processors are inherently not parallel engines, they’re very sequential. That’s the way a CPU operates. And even if you have multiple CPU cores, you can only achieve a certain level as parallel as in that way. So, FPGAs actually can provide tremendous acceleration at the same platform or lower power consumption just to make sure, or they can provide at a much lower level of power consumption, they can deliver equivalent performance. Now we believe that when Intel consummates its acquisition, when that happens then there will be some integration opportunity. The challenge there is that you are taking a very high power solution, which is an x86 and you are adding to it another high power solution, which is a large FPGA. And to some extent you try to integrate both of those on same silicon and you are limited with regards to what you can do. So we believe that that market, the Intel x86 will have an element which will have an integrated solution and they will have an element which has these distributed solutions where the FPGA will be separate. And we see a lot of the traditional Data Center customers having a strong interest in actually retaining autonomy and independent in that second node, so they can decide how they design their system and obviously, would be a wonderful solution for that. So even in the Intel x86 space we believe we have a play. And not mentioned that everywhere where it’s not Intel and this is a market which is emerging, right. So there is a lot of competing solutions that will come to the market over the next few years. We will be the natural show in for that -- for those solutions. So I would say there is upside for us definitely vis-à-vis beyond where we are today and we are committed to that market and we expect to see business growth in that market and we believe that market is it -- in its very early stages and of evolution and overtime we will have a stronger position in it than we definitely have now. So hopefully that answers your question? I apologies it was more than you wanted to hear on that topic?
 : No. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: The next question is from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Good afternoon. Just as a quick follow to the Data Center question and answer that you’ve just provided, which was very useful? How competitive you said you are relative to Altera now with software and OpenCL which I believe was the reason for the delay initially in you getting in that end-market?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes. To be total honest, we were not -- we did not recognized that market earlier. On the software side we did have product efficiency. Now based on what customers are telling us, not only are we not behind but we are actually ahead of the competition. So I think we have largely closed that gap and if anything it is a competitive advantage for us. We believe that the very deep synthesis technology that we have now delivered this part of our [indiscernible] product that give us a tremendous advantage over any other solution in the market today. As with product size update we are now starting to broadly deliver it to customer. We -- and the feedback we are getting is that we are ahead in terms of technology. So the software is no longer the issue if anything is working in our favor.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. That’s very useful. And then just a quick follow-up. Is there any end of life product headwind embedded in your September quarter guidance?
Jon Olson: No. there isn’t.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thanks. Next question?
Operator: The next question is from James Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim. Just want to follow-up on all the challenges that have been articulated in the Wireless market? Curious if its changing the way you are thinking about providing quarter-to-quarter forecast as well, maybe handicapping customer forecast more than normal? And I guess, the other question would be how that reflects into the turns rate that’s embedded in guidance, given that this was a transition towards distributors or distribution transition as well? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Hi, Gabriela. It is certainly a challenge in, I will say, any markets where we have a very high concentration and there has -- in this particularly situation it seems to be more of a worldwide trend that’s going on and if you look at other semiconductor companies have the same challenges as we do in this area. I don’t think, because we have such a diversified portfolio beyond just Wireless and overall Communications. I don’t think that’s going to cause us to change our -- it’s our desire to try -- to do a forecast and do the best way possibly we can. I think we are at a point here of certainly a multiyear historical low for us in terms of revenue and -- in this segment and it is challenging but, I think, we will continue to try to push through and figure this out. Now relative to the turns percentage number that I provided, while it was quite a bit higher on a percentage basis than our actual turns from the previous quarter, I think we’ve been relatively conservative on the wireless forecast to support that. We had quite a bit of business booked early in the quarter, the previous quarter and then moving into this current quarter that we just started, we’re back to a more normal booking pattern. And the actual dollars we need in terms on a weekly basis is not that much greater than the actual dollars per week we had in the previous quarter. So I think we’re pretty well balanced and we see how things go throughout the quarter.
Gabriela Borges: Appreciate all the color. Maybe just as a follow-up if I could on the gross margin profile of the business, maybe if we think about year-over-year how the gross margin profile of the company has changed. Help us understand how much of that is makeshift either between end markets or between different product groups? I mean, how much of it is structural initiatives that the company has been taking to improve the longer term gross margin profile? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Yeah. So at our Investor Day, we talked about it a 68% to 70% range for this year. So if you look at the midpoint, that would be 69%. And we’ve been running at 70% and 71%. So all the cost reductions that we had in that forecasted Investor Day that drove the 68% to 70% are on track and we’re doing very well. So I would say if I compare it to our previous forecast, we’re on track on all the cost reductions. There is a lot of mix issues going on. We do have a slightly stronger Industrial, Aerospace and Defense profile than we thought at that point in time. And we had a substantially weaker communications business. And that mix would tend to push our gross margins to this very high elevated point that we are right now. So I think both product and customer mix is accounting for quite a bit. Of this, I think in the absence of more normal -- normalized end market mix that we would have envisioned at the Investor Day, we’ll be running in the 68% to 70% range, probably pretty close to the center of that. So I guess, the short answer to your question is, a lot of it is product mix and end market customer mix.
Gabriela Borges: Understood. Thank you very much.
Rick Muscha: Okay. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: The next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
Charles Kazarian: Hi guys. Charles Kazarian here on behalf on John. Not sure if this was addressed or not but I know you commented that Industrial, Aero, Defense was better than expected on ISM and A&D. I was just hoping if you talk a little more about Industrial within this bucket, for example, what you’re seeing with end demand and then also your view on inventory today in going forward into the back half of the year?
Jon Olson: Yeah. Industrial, as we stated, our Industrial was a record quarterly revenue for us, had very strong contribution in North America and in Asia-Pac to be very specific on that. We’re starting to see growth of the Zynq microprocessor-based FPGA in our numbers and broadly new applications in motor control connected factories, industrial, IOT, kinds of areas. We’re starting to see those designs that we’ve won over the last couple of years, start to accumulate in revenue. So while I know, there has been some challenging statements about the industrial market. Overall, we saw -- we started to see some of the positive things we’ve been talking about over the last year or so, start to mount up and be more significant within our numbers in addition to our traditional areas.
Charles Kazarian: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Rick Muscha: Next question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann: Thank you. Hey, Moshe, I’m looking at the roadmaps here. It turns out that by my reckoning in 2018, you guys are going to be ramping or very early ramping 7-nanometer. And if Altera chooses or if Intel chooses to be the provider of foundry services for Altera there will be a 10. Was there a competitive reasoning behind your decision to skip 10-nanometer besides the cadence aspect of your customers’ preference?
Moshe Gavrielov: Not really, that’s great question. We just looked at what the right solution -- everything what was available to us and what would be the right solution and TSMC had their 10 and then we said well, there anything beyond that and they told us that they were working on this future technology. TSMC is very committed to driving technology and capacity leadership and when we saw what it is, we thought that it would be a no compelling and so just based on that. Now indirectly, we have no idea what Altera and Intel were going to do and Altera had said that they were looking at TSMC’s roadmap and I would be surprised if TSMC did roadshows on the same thing to be on the strike with that. Probably just makes sense for TSMC to show what they have. So it wasn’t -- we didn’t know what was available at Intel, but we just decided that the right thing for our customer base was to go to a 7-nanomter and that looks like a very compelling solution in particular as they are committed to delivering it in 2017 and that’s when we needed.
Hans Mosesmann: Right. Okay. And if I could a follow-on on the Zynq side. In the automotive models that you are in, do you know if you are in the front-facing cameras? Is Zynq being used in that kind of an application within a car?
Moshe Gavrielov: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Hans Mosesmann: Okay. And what image processing software, do you provide that or is that a third-party?
Moshe Gavrielov: It comes from a variety of sources. Some of which are internal to us, some of which come from that the customers provide and in some cases, it’s the third-party which provides them. So it’s a combination of all three. Just to sort of comment on that, what we’re seeing and I said this in response to an early question, we are seeing customers look at a non-differentiated ASSP solution versus highly differentiated solution using our devices. And for the high end, it’s a no-brainer that they wanted differentiated solution. And then as you look at the midrange, it’s less clear and definitely, it’s a low end time save and just prepare to have a meat and potato solution as opposed to something which is more specialized. But interestingly because this is become a platform play, then we are starting to see design wins where the customers are committing their entire product offering to our platform. And as a result, they are pushing us hard to provide them with a lower end and we typically would have provided or solution for that. And so that’s a growth opportunity for us. And it’s driven by this broad platform-oriented approach where the companies are sort of saying we can’t afford to have different solutions. And because we want to have differentiation, they go with us across the board. And that’s another reason that I believe that our market share which we are happy with the revenue at this point, but our market share is not high yet. We believe that there is an opportunity to grow it going forward.
Hans Mosesmann: Thank you. Very helpful.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Sure. Thank you.
Jon Olson: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.
Rick Muscha: Great. Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time, 8 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. This quarter we will be presenting at the Pacific Crest Global Technology Forum in Vail on August 10 and the 2015 Citi Global Technology Conference in New York City on September 9. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Senior Director, Investor Relations Moshe Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer Jon Olson - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Vivek Arya - Bank of America Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Tristan Gerra - Baird Will Stein - SunTrust Ryan Goodman - CLSA Ian Ing - MKM Partners Alex Gauna - JMP Securities Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Earl Hege - Nomura
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Lisa and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter and then we will open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. Fiscal 2015 was another strong year of profitability for the company, with operating income up 31.8%, the highest in four years. Industrial and aerospace and defense category increased 7% for the year, representing a record 39% of total sales. The communications segment declined 5% impacted by lower than expected CapEx spend in many of our sub-applications. The broadcast consumer and automotive category decreased 2%. However, the automotive sub-segment grew significantly, increasing 30% during the year. For the company as a whole, fiscal year sales were $2.4 billion, flat with the prior year. Gross margin was a record 70% for the fiscal year benefiting from end market mix as well as continued cost reduction and margin expansion initiatives across our product platform portfolio. In fiscal year 2015, we returned over 120% of our operating cash flow to shareholders, which represent about 40% of our revenues. This consisted of a record $306 million in dividend payout and a stock repurchase of 15.3 million shares for $650 million. The March quarter of fiscal 2015 marked the 10th consecutive year of dividend increases for the company putting Xilinx in a very elite group of technology companies. Cash flow per share has increased at a compound annual rate of 14% in the past 10 years, driven by a combination of gross margin expansion, disciplined expense controls, working capital management and share repurchase. Turning now to a discussion of the March quarter, Xilinx sales were $567 million, down 4% sequentially and within our guidance. 28-nanometer sales exceeded $160 million as forecasted. Sales from communications and datacenter declined 7% sequentially and were weaker than anticipated. Wired communication was approximately flat as expected, while wireless sales decreased double-digits. The weakness in the wireless segment was primarily due to continued softness in North America and a weakening in China LTE business. Industrial and aerospace and defense business also decreased although not as much as anticipated during the quarter. Expected declines from defense were partially offset by better than expected business from both industrial scientific medical as well as test and measurement. Lastly, broadcast consumer and automotive was better than expected with automotive achieving a record quarter, while broadcast was flat and consumer was down. Gross margin was 59.9% for the quarter better than anticipated, primarily as a result of product and customer mix although we continue to be focused on driving improvements and profitability. Combined R&D and SG&A expense were $211 million, significantly lower than forecasted, primarily as a result of lower stock-based compensation expense in addition to continued cost efforts. Operating income was $159 million, including amortization of $2.4 million and a $24 million restructuring charge or $0.08 per diluted share. The restructuring charge reflects the impact of streamlining certain internal organizations as well as the impact of a transition from sales reps to a direct sales model for certain customers. Other income was $1 million, higher than guided primarily due to an $8 million gain or $0.03 per diluted share from the sale of land. Net income for the quarter was $135 million or $0.50 per diluted share. Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $166 million before $6 million in CapEx during the quarter. Diluted shares for the quarter were 270 million, slightly less than forecasted and down 25 million shares from the same quarter a year ago. There was a 5.7 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes. For questions related to the dilution associated with our convertible debt, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. We repurchased 4.4 million shares for $175 million during the quarter and paid $70 million in dividends. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments were flat sequentially at $3.6 billion. We have $600 million in convertible debt and $1 billion in fixed rate debt, resulting in a net cash position of approximately $2 billion. Inventory dollars at Xilinx decreased by $16 million sequentially, but days increased to 136. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the June quarter of fiscal year ‘16. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up sequentially. Both wired and wireless communications are expected to decline. Wired communications remains sluggish although data center will likely increase. Wireless will be impacted by slowing China LTE builds in the near-term. We expect the industrial and aerospace and defense segment to be down driven primarily by continued expected decreases from A&D. Lastly, we expect broadcast consumer and automotive to be approximately flat. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be flat to down 4% sequentially. And the midpoint of this guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 47%. The lower turns rate is primarily due to a couple of large customers being more fully booked to expectations and a regional distributor transition. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 69% to 70%. Operating expenses for the June quarter are expected to be approximately $210 million, including $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. The Q1 fiscal ‘16 operating expense level will be at its lowest level for the year due to lower tape-out activity and timing of expenses to ramp up headcount post-restructuring. The headcount additions will largely be driven by hiring in the sales force and to a lesser degree in R&D. For the full year, we are lowering our spending forecast as follows. R&D is expected to be between $530 million and $540 million. SG&A will be between $340 million and $360 million. Amortization of intangibles will be approximately $8 million. Other income and expense for the June quarter will be a net expense of $12 million, due to lower interest income and anticipated hedging losses. For the full year, other interest and expense will be a net expense of approximately $33 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 266 million shares. The tax rate for the June quarter is expected to be approximately 13%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. We are very pleased with the strength of our 28-nanometer products, which exceeded $160 million. As expected, we continue to expand the breadth of 28-nanometer sales contributions. The strength of our Virtex-7 high end family and Zynq all programmable SoC was a particular highlight, driving 28-nanometer sales growth in wired comms, industrial and automotive applications. For fiscal year 2015, 28-nanometer revenue reached $580 million driven by broad-based growth from all end-markets and each of the four 28-nanometer product families. 28-nanometer product generation continues to be the most successful node in history and we believe will have longest life of any node. As we discussed our Investor Day last month, we are targeting [Technical Difficulty] of sales to grow approximately 30% in fiscal year 2016. Gross margin performance was another significant highlight for both the fourth quarter and the year. Gross margin increased 69.9% in the quarter significantly better than forecasted and a record 70.2% for fiscal year 2015. Proven formula for successful execution, establish the 28-nanometer continues to yield excellent results at 20-nanometer with the UltraScale family. Leveraging our world class partnership with TSMC, the undisputed leader in the foundry industry are now delivering the industry’s first and only 20-nanometer FPGAs volume production. Based on key customer feedback, we are more than one year ahead of the competition in terms of product advancement and quality. Additionally, we are shipping the industry only high performance ASIC class 20-nanometer high-end product offering with Virtex UltraScale. Finally, with our second generation of 3D IC technology, we are shipping the industry’s largest device delivering more than 4x density of competitive devices. We are currently shipping 20-nanometer products to approximately 100 discrete customers, demonstrating the broad-based acceptance of this family. This past quarter, sales from our 20-nanometer node were $5 million and we expect these sales to double in the June quarter. 60-nanometer node, we launched the UltraScale Plus family of FPGAs, 3D ICs and Zynq MP SoCs, combining embedded memory, 3D on 3D, and multiprocessing SoC technologies. On the system level, the UltraScale Plus family provides 2x to 5x greater system level performance per watt significantly more systems integration and intelligence and the highest level of security and safety. We continue to anticipate the first tape-out of our 60-nanometer FinFET Plus process to be this quarter. During the March quarter, we also strengthened our family of SDX software defined development environment with the launch of the SD SoC product. This environment enables a much larger software and systems development community to program our Zynq SoCs and MP SoCs. Target high growth opportunities, areas such as datacenter acceleration, software defined networking, embedded vision and the industrial Internet of Things. Despite the near-term revenue growth challenges, I continue to be confident in our strategy to resume top line growth. Additionally, we are driving increased efficiencies in our operating model to improve productivity and appropriately align spending levels for the fiscal year ‘16 sales outlook we have previously provided. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Moshe, you might have just answered my first question in your prepared comments. But I just want to confirm that as you look at your full year fiscal ‘16 revenue guidance that you gave at the Analyst Day, I think a flat to up 2 that you still think that’s the right range to look at. And I guess given the less than expected start in the June quarter, how do we think about linearity of that growth to get to that full year number?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, John, that continues to be our target and it obviously will start from a low point if we hit our range, but we expect to see it grow during the year and we are confident that as the communications business starts to recover that will be one of the numerous fibers of the growth together with all of the technology elements that I referred to before.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful, Moshe. And then specifically your comments around China, to what extent do you think this is a pause in vacation build-out in China versus perhaps too much inventory with some of the equipment guys that we need to bring there. I am just trying to get a sense of how much of this do you think is a real pause in demand versus perhaps a realignment of kind of inventory within the supply chain?
Jon Olson: Yes, John, this is Jon. Let me kind of take that one. So, it’s always a little of both, right, but meaning in general, the Chinese manufacturers try to get ahead of the awards as much as they can. But when there is a following demand situation like we have now or delay I would say, particularly from the FD ramp perspective, it is really more about that pause. And one, the ramp starts to build a little more precipitously. We did think all along that our communications business, wireless specifically would build throughout the year. So, that part while it maybe starting off a little weaker than we anticipated, it isn’t really radically scaring as much at this point in time. They are just – China is just going through some overall CapEx modifications and the FD stuff is going to happen. It’s just going to happen, start a little bit slower, but we do think we have accommodated that in our full year forecast.
John Pitzer: Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Moshe Gavrielov: Next question. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Maybe to just continue that discussion, I understand the China impact on wireless. I am just curious why the wired business is not growing? When Broadcom reported yesterday, they thought the datacenter demand or the wired business demand, they see picking up. So, I am curious is this just lumpiness, is it just the timing of different projects? What will drive wired demand for you?
Jon Olson: Yes. So, we were very pleased with our 28-nanometer growth in the quarter. So, new products are growing, including datacenter this quarter. So, we had good contribution from the new product category. It’s really some of the older stuff that wasn’t quite as strong as we had anticipated in some of the sub-applications. So, I would say we saw some – and I don’t really know the details of all the sub-segments that Broadcom ran, but we did see strength in these new products. So, as those build throughout the year, meaning the new programs and some of the customer differences, I think we will see good growth in the wired market from new products continue throughout the year.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Very helpful, Jon. And then as my follow-up, I am curious what your views are on this potential combination of Intel and Altera. Is that – if not were to happen, is that a net positive neutral or does it present any kind of risk for you and if that combination does happen would you also need to take any steps towards consolidation? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, in the 15 minutes of saying for the programmable world, I am sort of surprised that this was the third question and not the first, but thanks for asking it. And from our perspective, regardless of whether that happens or it doesn’t happen whether it’s rumor, whether it’s true or not, we are very confident. And the reason that we are very confident is that we continue to distance ourselves from the competition and we believe we are poised to now deliver a three-peat. We have won a 28-nanometer, we believe we have huge leadership at 20-nanometer and we are very confident in our position at 16-nanometer. We have leadership with our ASIC class tools and also the new tools the software defined environments are huge enablers for business expansion. If this rumor does come to pass and this acquisition will happen we believe that will be a net positive for us, because it will give us the additional significant advantage of being the only vendor with this very service-oriented business, with the total focus, the best foundry, strategic relationship with leadership on the roadmap and generally continuity of operations. So, whether it happens or not, we don’t know, but our position is very strong and we are very confident in where we are and we believe that this gap between us and the competition will just grow going forward.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Gabriela Borges: Great. Thanks for taking my question. This is Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim. I know you discussed a little bit on the China dynamic in the communications market, maybe you could also comment on what you are seeing in North America I know you mentioned the softness in the March quarter but maybe there is a little bit of stabilization in June, is there any color on North America and maybe Europe and some of the other geographies as well? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Sure, Gabriela. The North America continues to be weak for us. I think we have had a couple of quarters of relatively weak transitions or weak revenue there. One of the bigger expansions that have gone on over the last year or so has been the Sprint deployment and they have slowed down substantially. There seems to be some CapEx spend financing things going on here and there, and that’s been slower for us on a relative basis to how strong we are to the ultimate OEMs who won those contracts. We don’t – best as what we can tell we don’t think this is some sort of a permanent thing. Some of those things we are getting worked out as we talk to our customers in that particular area. I mean largely, the AT&T and Verizon businesses is add-ons and capacity extensions. Nothing significant going on there quite frankly in terms of the CapEx spend, it’s really around Sprint and T-Mobile and we are well-positioned there. But it is definitely, decelerated over the last couple of quarters but we do not expect that to continue for the full year. Europe, while there has been some sales into Europe, it’s still early and we don’t have, I would say a clear view. We are counting on a big percentage of that business to come in until maybe very late in the fiscal year.
Gabriela Borges: That’s helpful. Thank you. And as a follow-up if I may, could you help us think through the implications of the Alcatel-Lucent and Nokia merger and maybe any context you can provide based on what happened in 2006 which I think is the last time we saw customer consolidation? Thanks very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: So wireless generally is the market where, as you pointed out has been consolidated for some period of time. And we fundamentally believe that the – or at least I believe that the catalyst for all of this is the emergence of the very strong players in China and that is forcing the other non-Chinese players to bulk up and strengthen up. And from our perspective, both of these companies are significant customers of ours and as they merge if they come out strengthened that should improve our business. And we think that this will provide them with a better market position to compete against the other players who have been pulling ahead recently. So, given our market position with these two players and the potential for growth with both of them, I think as they merge it will provide a growth path for us going forward assuming the combined player will emerge stronger as indeed they should. There does tend to be a little bit of confusion when it starts because these are two very large, very diverse companies with geographic footprints in different spaces. And I do believe that at least as they are doing the merger, there will be a little bit of hiatus, but then it will – as the merger is completed they will probably have renewed growth going forward.
Gabriela Borges: Appreciate all the color. Thanks very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess first, Moshe one on your side and still on that kind of comm infrastructure side of things. From as close as I can check, whether it was the end of market or Xilinx specifically we have had there quarters in a row of tough results, can you talk a little bit about what gives you the confidence that we are going to see a snapback in the back half of the year, especially on the wireline side where I believe on the last conference call you talked about being relatively puzzled as to why design wins weren’t turning into revenue for Xilinx?
Moshe Gavrielov: So the reason we are confident that this needs to reverse is at some point there is a mismatch between the infrastructure requirements to the drivers which is basically a lot of this is driven by consumer and business demand. And we think that on the wired side that time is approaching and that our very strong product portfolio will enable us to capture that as it happens. There is an incessant need for an investment in the infrastructure. And I think it has been shortchanged for too long. So you are right in pointing out that we have been disappointed and that this has taken longer. And actually, we have predicted this before, but at this point what we are seeing is a lot of the designs that we reaped at the high end of the 28-nanometer are now moving to production and those got delayed roughly by a year vis-à-vis our initial expectations. So between the market demands and the design wins we have at 28-nanometer, where we do have visibility in them now moving and hence we made the comment on the growth of our Virtex-7 product offering. Those products are now starting to move into production. And we expect that to be a portion of this snapback. And then of course on the wireless side, there are elements which we expect as Jon elaborated on we expect China to have that need and it’s only a question of when and that needs to start happening soon on the wireless infrastructure too.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks for all that detail. I guess as my quick follow-up, one for you Jon, on the OpEx side, great job controlling those expenses in the quarter and the guide. From your description of what’s going on in lowering the full year by about 3%, it sounds like there is an aspect of tightening the belt overall and then also some timing issues on OpEx. Are you expecting us to exit this year at the same sort of OpEx level that we would have before and therefore fiscal ‘17 would kind of be the same as we would have thought before or is this truly a cut in OpEx levels longer term? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Yes. So I think the whole origin of the restructuring in the first place was around driving efficiency and getting more focused in areas particularly in the sales area to accelerate our wins of customers. And that was really the genesis for doing it. And we sat there in the March timeframe and Investor Day obviously we knew we were doing restructuring, but we never commented in advance on that for a variety of reasons. And in the guide that we gave in March there were certainly some things that weren’t decided yet through our restructuring efforts even at early in March. And as we got through to really dissecting the sales organization and changing the focus away from reps to direct selling, this is where we have garnered the biggest part of the dollar drop and the change in our guide since March. So it’s really reflective of us figuring out how to put the right resources in the right places. And sometimes that means you actually spend less when you have the right resources and that’s the primary driver of what the reduction – the net reduction that we have going on. Now on your question around the exit rate, as I said in my remarks, the first quarter is particularly low and that’s because we haven’t ramp headcount back up. I do think that the second quarter, we have a lot of more tape-outs going on and that goes – bounces around throughout the rest of the year. And our exit rate in – out of Q4 will suggest some tick up and would suggest that some tick up in FY ’17. But – by the way, we are not there yet. So I am not signaling that we are going to have a tick up in FY ‘17. So it will look like the – that Q1 is low and then Q2, Q3, Q4 will be more flattish throughout the year. But we certainly aren’t making a statement yet about FY ‘17 spending.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you, Moshe. And I am sorry because actually we disappointed you with that question not being number one. I did have a follow-up on that and which is when you heard and if it’s true that whatever price was offered and what was asked, did you fall off your chair or you said okay, Intel gets it. The Street doesn’t get it that there is this huge opportunity for PLDs in the datacenter and I think Altera has quantified it as $1 billion in 2020. So, any thoughts around that would be very helpful? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, it’s a rumor and the prices are a rumor and whether it’s happening or not happening is a rumor too. We are delighted with the attention this gets and we think that obviously there is potential for growth. With regards to prices and all of that, it shows the perceived value of programmable logic, which I am a big believer in. So, I am delighted with that general trend. Hopefully, the entire world will see the light, but…
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, Moshe. Thank you. Good luck.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. Could you quantify the headwind from end-of-life products embedded in the June quarter guidance and is that headwind done by the end of the quarter?
Jon Olson: Yes. So, as we said in Investor Day, there would be some residual shipments into some of these major programs at the very beginning of the fiscal year ‘16, but at a much diminished rate. So, by the time we get to through the first half of our fiscal year which is end of the September, I would say a great deal that will be away and the biggest piece of it will be in June. So, I would say by the end of June it’s largely gone, with some residual going on in the following quarters.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, thank you.
Jon Olson: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Stein from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Will Stein: Thanks for taking my question. First, just a housekeeping one, you have reset guidance on OpEx, I just want to confirm you are keeping the gross margin guidance that you have offered previously for the full year?
Jon Olson: Yes, we are.
Will Stein: Great. And then the more substantial question I had is in the press release you talked about and I think at the Analyst Day, you talked about this as well these new software development tools that are targeted at datacenter and SDN and industrial IoT. I am wondering if you can help us understand whether that’s expected to accelerate your growth through perhaps share gains versus Altera or is it versus some of the other maybe the other SoC vendors or is it to grow the market? Any color on the expected effect from these tools will be helpful?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, the expected – let me pose the challenge that we have. And if you look at our products, they, in numerous applications, enable our customers to achieve very attractive parameters in terms of performance per watt or price performance per watt. In other words, they can achieve a – they can implement differentiated highly competitive system. In order to do that, they need to go through a design cycle, which requires a certain set of skills. And in order to increase the population or universe of the users of our products, what we have done is we have developed these tools. These tools tend to be somewhat application-specific or it’s not one size fits all. They tend to have different targets, but once you use these tools, you can enable usage by a broader set of customers and in particular, engineers with more of the software background and there are lot more software engineers then there are hardware engineers. And the reason we are doing it is in order to expand the SAM and the intention here is to provide a alternative – an attractive alternative to ASSP standard product. So, that’s what this is. This is SAM expansion and this enables us to target markets, which today are serviced by ASSPs, because the engineers at some of these companies and datacenter is a very good example typically do not have hardware design skills and we are developing these tools to facilitate that expansion.
Will Stein: Great, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from CLSA. Your line is open.
Ryan Goodman: Hey, thank you. It’s Ryan Goodman in for Srini. So, I had another question on China LTEs. We have the FDD licensing now behind us, but it seems like the near-term trends are still softening a bit. So, I am just trying to understand how much of visibility you have here. We all know it’s going to happen at some point, but are you starting to see some of these FDD orders coming in for the back half of the year or if not just what are your expectations there? And then also are you seeing any impact from potential tower sharing going on in China at this point?
Jon Olson: Sure. Ryan, the China – FD on the China LTE as we have already seen builds going on by the OEMs and we get more of our information through the OEMs than anywhere else. And so there already have been some builds and some shipments on the FD. So, this is more of a timing issue as best as we can tell and what our customers are telling us versus they are changing their longer term forecast for us, they don’t. There is certainly no orders booked for the second half of the year at this point in time, because our lead times are generally pretty short. So, there is not a whole lot of impetus on the part of the OEMs to commit through a PO early even though they do provide us some guidance on forecast. And we don’t see an overall lower number than we had anticipated maybe even in early March. So, really it’s more of a temporary slowness the best as we can tell as anything else. On the tower sharing, no, we really haven’t seen any impact whatsoever of the tower sharing. It doesn’t even come up in our conversations. The issue there is really more about new towers, not old towers, so that’s really not a factor.
Ryan Goodman: Okay, great. And then just different question on the cash side, so cash return was great this year, you forgot the history of it, it’s been pretty consistent. Just any thoughts on where – I don’t know if you have a formal target on it for the coming year or just maybe an idea of how you are thinking about it for the year versus operating cash flow?
Jon Olson: Yes. We don’t have a formal target, but if we look at our – look at the history over the last 10 years, we have returned 100% of our operating cash. We did 120% last year. We have increased our dividend for the 10th year in a row. We will continue a share repurchase program on an opportunistic level. And we have stated as long as we don’t have an acquisition target or something that is using any of the excess cash. At a bigger level, we will return cash to shareholders. So, I think you can count on us continuing to do that, but again, I am not going to make a commitment on a percentage.
Ryan Goodman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing from MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian Ing: Yes, thank you. First question, could you talk about any sort of price increases you think your international distributor customers are seeing, whether it’s based on currency or pricing more to reflect value and would there be any impact on demand or is demand pretty inelastic?
Jon Olson: Yes, we are not really seeing anything that’s significant in the price increase area. I was concerned on the second part of your question about the demand impact, particularly at smaller customers and we have seen we had strong channel sales in this last quarter and we are forecasting strong channel sales again, including European, which I assume is the biggest source of your question, including on the European side. So, it’s really not at this point has been a big of a deal as I was fearful of, but because while we had maybe a soft quarter a quarter or two ago, things have come back pretty nicely.
Ian Ing: Great. And then do you have any thoughts on the trends on the size of the FPGA design community, is it still growing and is it largely driven by Zynq? Do you have any sort of metrics to support that whether its design kits shipped or design kits installed?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, the Zynq product offering was a breakthrough offering. It was the generally the last part of the rollout. And as such, there was a large number of design wins. Now, those design wins, which were targeted at somewhat slower moving markets like industrial and automotive, those design wins are moving to production. So, it’s a unique product. The number of design wins is phenomenal. We are learning because of its nature that in some cases it takes longer. It’s also a more sophisticated product, hence it takes a little longer. To do the design it requires both software and hardware. It has a high performance embedded processor system. The number of design wins is just huge and the overall magnitude of the design win value on Zynq is very encouraging. It’s very significant. And now, it is finally starting to grow a very healthy clip. So until last year, it was relatively negligible in terms of the portion of revenue, but now it's growing at a fast rate and as these applications in automotive, wireless and aero and industrial control are starting to hit production.
Jon Olson: I think you also – just you asked specific about design kits and our design board environment. I mean in terms of numbers of kits and boards, I mean it’s just totally swamped in terms of numbers, all previous FPGA boards, because of the nature of the cost point or price point that many of these applications are going after, more of the $700 million versus the $800 or $900 kind of an ASP. And so both our distributor and Xilinx have a number of inexpensive boards and kits. And those numbers – the numbers of those that have been shipped out over the last couple of years is just really phenomenal. So we really think we are seeding the industry really well with these capabilities.
Ian Ing: Okay. Thanks Jon. Thanks Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. It’s Joe on for Chris. Thanks for letting me ask you question. So this past quarter, we had noticed a small bump in lead times for both you and your competitor, first, is that true. And then, in terms of responding to increasing customer demand, how long are the cycle times coming out of TSMC?
Jon Olson: Yes, so Joe, we really haven’t had any, I would say, any appreciable lead time increase on a broad perspective. There is a class of products that we have had a little bit of – we have had some lead time increase, but I wouldn’t say it’s going to be that material of an impact to anything on our logistics. So I don’t think that’s been a particularly and if there is anything there that to concern anybody from a logistic supply perspective. What was the second part of your question again?
Unidentified Analyst: Fab cycle time?
Jon Olson: Fab cycle time, no we see no push out or lengthening of any fab cycle time. We are getting all the wafers we order and when we order them there is no – nothing going on there either for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then we had also heard about possible consolidation in your distributor network, could you elaborate there if that’s true?
Jon Olson: No, not really, it was our rep network where we are – as we terminated a variety of reps. In Japan, we are transitioning. We have a number of reps in Japan and the nature of that business is a little different than the rest of the world. And we are transitioning one of the reps to – into our other rep network. That’s the only really transition that we have – excuse me, distributor in China, excuse me distributor in China, one distributor moving into our other distributors in terms of the business, but nothing other than those two things. So reps in the U.S. and Europe generally we are transitioning to direct sales. And then in Japan, there is a distributor that we are terminating and moving that business to other distributors that we already have.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna from JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Alex Gauna: Good afternoon everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Moshe, I know you have already touched on this twice, but coming back to the implications of a potential Intel-Altera merger and Altera’s optimism around data center acceleration through the massively parallel architectures of programmable logic. I am just wondering are you in fact involved, I know you aren’t heavily exposed to the data center, but are you involved in using the FPGA architecture to accelerate workload, is this tens of million, hundreds of millions of opportunity for you. And then if you think about what’s obviously happening with co-packaged FPGA and CPUs, how far in the future does it make sense in the workload acceleration sense to think about convergence wherein the processing and the FPGA are a single die? Thanks.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. There is a lot of questions there. So we think there is an opportunity there, that's why we have the SDX product which now we are releasing completely [ph] to our customers. And we strongly believe that, that together with a stronger focus on this market should enable us to reap the benefits of it. We think it’s a significant market. There is – whether it’s tens of millions or several hundreds of millions of dollars, we think it’s going to take time to grow to those larger numbers and it takes quite a long time. And we are committed to having the best solution with regards to acceleration which addresses those markets. And whether its X86-based or ARM-based or whatever approach then we are going to pursue solutions for that market. So now I think we are well positioned and the key to our leadership is now in the software which enables achieving or getting at that acceleration in the most efficient way. And that’s how we view it. It’s a big market, but maybe not quite as huge in the short-term as maybe others have positioned it.
Alex Gauna: Okay. And then just to clarify on that, obviously you said it will take some time but from a convergence sense, is this one of those situations where the nature of the architectures and the workloads mean that for the foreseeable future we can think of it as a co-loaded – co-located FPGA and processing solution or are there clear benefits to convergence where we think about single die FPGA and CPU being really important in terms of accelerating that market?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, single die helps, but comes with the cost and the cost that you get typically is flexibility. The nature of these applications is they are very, very fragmented. And every one of them tends to have the different payload and actually, that payload is dynamic. So if you are using it to accelerate some sort of algorithm, the algorithm that you are accelerating changes all the time. And so if you do too much integration and you tend to have a very inflexible solution, you might end up losing, right. So when we talk to the customers and these tend to be a different class of companies, their – and their approach is they want to retain as much controls over their acceleration path and they would rather not give that to anyone else. And if you look at the way their approach has been, typically they do not buy from the traditional server companies. They actually build their own and they try to come up with a very specific solution, which is the most valuable for them. So there is a case to be made for integration, but what you lose when you do the integration is a lot of the flexibility, which is inherently important for this market. And so I would say it’s great. In some cases it might go towards integration and others actually having a separate solution and being able to maintain the flexibility there is a huge benefit.
Alex Gauna: Alright, that’s great. Thanks so much. One more quick point of clarification, you mentioned seeing and it’s intuitive maybe a little bit of pauses as Nokia and Alcatel try to combine operations, is that factored into your upcoming quarterly guidance or would that pause be further out and would it be a few percent or would it be a fraction of a percent? What kind of exposure would we talk about to a potential slowing there or pause?
Jon Olson: We have not seen a pause as a result of whatever has been in the newspaper and their stated position on this. Moshe was only I think talking in general about when two companies get together what can happen in terms of how their organizations melt altogether. At this point in time, as best as we can tell, this is not going to be consummated at the earliest later this calendar year maybe in next calendar year. We are not seeing any sort of pause with our business with either company at this point in time.
Alex Gauna: Okay, thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suji De Silva from Topeka Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Suji De Silva: Hi, guys. So, I think I heard you guys saying you were trying to beef up the direct sales effort versus the key reps. I am curious which end markets do you feel like that’s most important for, if any? And if it is the datacenter and try and target the cloud guys, is that somewhere you feel like you have to catch up versus competition or is that purchased – I mean, is that the wrong weight on this?
Moshe Gavrielov: We have now restructured our sales force to be tiered with two direct elements and the third element, which goes through this deep. We are managing that a little more closely than we have before. With the largest accounts primarily in communications and datacenter, we believe that we would benefit from a more direct interaction, because fundamentally, several of engagement needs to be deeper than it was before. And are we doing this later than ideally we should have? We probably are. In retrospect, this would probably have benefited from making this transition a year or two ago.
Jon Olson: Yes, I think also I mean it’s just not – this is only focused at one end market. There is going to be some transitions going on even in our aerospace and defense market coverage to more direct sales. And I know some of these kinds of wins don’t turn into immediate revenue. They are slower, but it does have both industrial, aerospace and defense, test and measurement as well as the communication segments impacted. And we – I don’t think it’s a net positive for us.
Suji De Silva: Okay, great. That explanation helps. And then also I know the China LTE carrier pause question has been asked a lot. But I just want to ask one out of the way, anecdotally, what are your customers and your customers telling you about why this group of buyers is pausing at this juncture. Is it macro, is it concerns about LTE sub-brand or is it technical reasons in terms of cloud ran architecture feature? What do you think anecdotally?
Jon Olson: As best as we can tell, this is more about a CapEx China macro. I mean, I don’t want to say macro, but China macro-related CapEx spend in the pace that they are getting funded internally to do things. And I don’t know what else. Some of it there is always the politics between the FD standard and the TD standard and it’s hard to tell whether that’s still causing delays in FD as a result of TD being – trying to be in China Mobile trying to be more dominant, but I don’t know that I am qualified to comment on whether how much of that is true or not.
Suji De Silva: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your last question comes from Earl Hege from Nomura. Your line is open.
Earl Hege: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I am calling for Romit Shah. I guess, when we look at your gross margin, you guys are maintaining the guidance there. How do we look at the volatility of that moving through the year as China LTE improves as you expect?
Jon Olson: Well, definitely in China – the wireless business, because of the volume and concentration of customers tends to have a drag on our gross margin. So, we would expect and we have modeled this that the second half would be lower than the first half as a result of that. I am not going to get into the real specifics, but the second half will be lower than the first half, but we are still confident in delivering our stated goal from Investor Day.
Earl Hege: Alright, great. And just a quick follow-up, just regarding your guys’ own appetite for acquisitions, where do you stand in terms of looking at opportunities to strengthen and/or diversify your business currently?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, this is a topic which is very sensitive. We have the capacity. You can tell by our track record that we do this very, very cautiously. The nature of our business is such that it has a unique element to it. So doing acquisitions for acquisitions sake is not trivial for us. And so the answer is we can do it. We know how to do it. At this point, if you look at where we are and what we have done, it’s primarily been technology acquisitions as opposed to acquiring other companies that have a totally different business model and modus operandi.
Rick Muscha: Okay. Thanks, for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific Time, 8:00 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy or our earnings release, please visit our IR website. With regards to conference participation this quarter, we will be attending the Baird Growth Stock Conference in Chicago on May 6 and the JPMorgan TMT Conference in Boston on May 19. This completes our call. Thank you, all very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Senior Director, IR Moshe Gavrielov - President and CEO Jon Olson - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Alex Gauna - JMP Securities Ian Ing - MKM Partners Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Chris Danely - JPMorgan Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Sanjay Chaurasia - Nomura Securities David Wu - Indaba Global Parker Paulin - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is John, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Please limit your questions to one, to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO and Jon Olson, CFO. We’ll provide a financial and business review of the December quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the Company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations Web site. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. Profitability remained strong during the quarter, but sales were lower than anticipated declining 2% during the December quarter. The primary weakness was driven by broadcast and wireless communications end-markets. 28-nanometer sales represented one of the bright spots of the quarter with sales increasing nearly 20% sequentially. All members of this product family grew with Zynq, Virtex and Artix all posting double-digit growth rates. From an end-market perspective, sales to communications customers declined 3% sequentially with flat wired sales and a decline in wireless sales. Wireless sales were impacted by weaker sales from non-China regions, while our China wireless business increased in line with expectations. Industrial and aerospace and defense sales increased as expected with strong defense sales offsetting declines in industrial, scientific and medical. Broadcast, consumer and automotive sales declined due to weaker broadcast sales, which were driven by weak purchasing activity from a couple of large customers. Automotive sales were better than expected as several new advanced driver assistance programs began to ramp. In terms of linearity, the month of October and November were in line with our expectations and the month of December progressively weakened. Turns were 44% for the quarter. Gross margin of 69.7% was better than expected as a result of customer and product mix. Total operating expenses were $224 million, including $2 million of amortization related expenses. This was $6 million lower than guided resulting in operating income of 32%. Other income and expense was a net expense of $4 million better than forecasted, mainly due to higher interest income from our investment portfolio. Net income for the quarter was $168 million or $0.62 per share including a $0.02 per diluted share benefit primarily related to the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. Operating cash flow for the September quarter -- excuse me the December quarter was $291 million before $6 million in CapEx. Strong cash flow during the quarter was positively impacted by a net improvement in working capital led by the timing impact of accounts receivable. Diluted shares for the quarter were 274 million shares. This was a bit higher than forecasted as a result of the higher stock price. There was a 7.8 million share dilutive effect from our convertible note. We are committed to returning cash to shareholders. During the quarter, we continued to aggressively buyback stock through purchasing 4 million shares for $175 million. We also paid $76 million in quarterly dividends. For the fiscal year thus far, we have returned over $700 million to shareholders in the form of repurchase and dividend, $80 million more than we generated in operating cash flow. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $28 million to approximately 3.6 billion. We have $600 million in convertible debt and $1 billion in fixed rate debt resulting in the net cash position of approximately $2 billion. Inventory dollars decreased by $16 million during the quarter, we plan to continue to reduce inventory dollars in the March quarter. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the March quarter of fiscal year '15. Our backlog heading into the quarter is down sequentially. Although we are forecasting another strong quarter for our 28-nanometer products, we will be facing headwinds from aerospace and defense due to a normal seasonality and program-related timing. We expect both wired and wireless communications to be flat sequentially. Wireless sales will be impacted by the timing of the FDD-LTE deployments. We expect industrial and aerospace and defense segment to decrease for the reasons I mentioned earlier, offsetting flat sales to ISM and test and measurement. Broadcast, automotive and consumer is expected to up driven by a rebound in broadcast and continued advanced driver assistance strength in automotive. As a result, we’re expecting total sales for the March quarter to be down 2% to 6% sequentially. The midpoint of this guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 51%. Gross margin is expected to be 68% to 69%. Operating expenses in the March quarter expected to be approximately $227 million including 2.5 million of amortization of acquisition related intangibles. Other income and expense for the March quarter is expected to be a net expense of approximately $7 million and the share count is expected to be approximately 270 million shares. The tax rate for the March quarter is expected to be approximately 13%. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. I am clearly disappointed with our top-line performance, both during the December quarter and the guidance for the March quarter. Looking forward into fiscal year 2016, we are planning for a flat to low growth environment. The renewed revenue growth from our 28-nanometer portfolio will be somewhat offset by uncertainty in global communication spending and expected declines in key aerospace and defense programs. On the positive side, Xilinx posted strong profitability in the December quarter, both gross margin and operating margin at 69.7% and 32% respectively were better than our expectation contributing to earnings per share of $0.62. Our cash flow continues to be healthy and we are on a path to return more cash to shareholders in the form of both dividends and buybacks that we will generate in fiscal year '15. The most significant highlight for the quarter is our renewed 28-nanometer revenue growth, which exceeded $150 million sequential increase of nearly 20%. We’re anticipating 28-nanometer sales to continue to grow and exceed $160 million in the March quarter. We also achieved several important milestones for our 20-nanometer portfolio. Our Kintex UltraScale devices became the industry's first 20-nanometer FPGAs to move into volume production. Based on customer feedback, we continue to believe that we have an estimated one-year lead over the competition. This technology leadership is complemented by our Virtex UltraScale family, which is the industry’s ASIC class 20-nanometer high-end product offering. It's a very high-end of this family, we began shipping the industry’s largest FPGA which delivers over 4x of the capacity of any competitive devices. Finally in the area of design software, we launched the SDAccel development environment. This is the second in a family of software defined development environment, which we call SDX and this will greatly expand our user base to include the broad community of systems and software engineers from both existing and new markets. This environment combines OpenCL, C and C++ languages with an initial focus on the growing data-center acceleration market. Despite the top-line challenges, I remain confident in Xilinx’s strong technology leadership and market position. We’re still in early phases of 28-nanometer revenue growth, have already delivered the first production ASIC class 20-nanometer product, market expanding new SDX software defined programming environments and soon our 60-nanometer products that include multi-processing SOCs. At our Investor Day on March 10th, we look forward to providing you more details outlining our plans. I’d like to turn the call back to the operator for the Q&A.
Question-and:
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Moshe, I just wanted to get a little more color, if you could, on your statement about, I think you said fiscal '16 being a flat to low growth environment. Can you give us, again, a little more detail on the puts and takes that lead you to that conclusion? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we’ll be giving more details in March, but fundamentally growth is driven for us by 28-nanometer and we see clouds from communications and A&D. And so when you look at the combination of both of those and we see it as being generally speaking flat to a low growth environment for fiscal year '16 that’s probably as much as we can say at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Stein of SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein: Also on growth, in the past, Moshe, I think you've talked about growing at some multiple, I believe it was two times the semi industry. We're not seeing that now and you're certainly setting more moderate expectations for fiscal '16. Should we think about this is as a more sort of permanent reset to the longer-term growth potential that the Company has? Or do you think this is a sort of soft-spot that we will power through eventually and return to more meaningful growth?
Moshe Gavrielov: The comparison with the rest of the semiconductor industry is a very difficult one to make, because it has so many elements and sometimes there’s fast growing applications like mobile, so that’s not ours. But definitely we do see things slowing down. I think we will shed more light on this in March and also be able to forecast the -- more accurately the period that this will continue, but this is -- I would look at it as not a global statement at this point in time and we’ll be in a better position to answer it in March.
Jon Olson: Yes, I don’t think we’re making a long-term statement on that Will and I think I’d just like to highlight the headwinds from aerospace and defense which are in some cases program related that are causing some of the headwinds for FY16 and we still have a good strong long-term view of our aerospace and defense participation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna from JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna: I’m wondering, as you look at your aerospace and defense business, how much of this is a result of the Russian sanctions? Do you have visibility on how long these delays might last? And is there any effect from the strong dollar factoring into either this category or even in the communications segment? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Yes so from a Russia perspective, no, and aerospace and defense not really I mean we -- some of our communications business and some of our high performance compute which is in the other category in particular that latter statement, we’ve had some impact because of the Russian sanctions and that’s been difficult for us to ship certain things into Russia and to get licenses for, so that has had some impact. But I would say it’s been relatively small impact, but certainly anything helps right in this kind of environment, so we’ve had some impacts from that. Relative to the stronger dollar, since we ship everything in U.S. dollars we don’t have an actual direct hedging effect, but obviously our customers’ customer and distributor does ship in local currencies and that while when we’ve asked those questions, we haven’t gotten any answer that says yes it’s really impacting our business. I know of other businesses that are saying that to me that they’re having some issues, because effectively relative to the euro our products have gotten 20% more expensive over the last year or so. So it undoubtedly is going to have an impact to what I would call already a weaker environment in Europe than most other places.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Ing from MKM Partners.
Ian Ing: Yes, my one question is in the China base station business still some big targets for base station deployments this year among the carriers. Do you expect any of the same sort of bomb kit issues you had last year supply constraints in RF power amps from other suppliers?
Jon Olson: Yes so the -- from the power amp perspective I think there are still some other shortages that are going on, but that’s really not the biggest gaining factor to our overall wireless business that’s for sure. And I think with specifically in China there’s probably two changes to what we have been thinking and saying about it. One is the phase 3 rollout, while it is, and we still believe it is beginning in the spring time and that’s progressing. The pace of that rollout seems to be a little slower than the previous two phases where in the past we’ve seen a pretty high concentration over a quarter and a half of deployment and that deployment seems to be at least best as we can tell maybe lasting a little longer to get those base stations out, so a little bit longer time period. And the second thing which is also looming on our minds is around the FD licenses. I think I’d articulated that the FD base stations would start to ship in this March quarter and then throughout the remainder of calendar '15. Right now the licenses still are not broadly let and our modeling was essentially a one year lag from when the TD base station started shipping in volume which was similar to the 3G deployment and that really isn’t happening right now. So we’re kind of on pins and needles here waiting for those licenses to be let, so we can kind of model when that might start.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland: So you mentioned clouds from wireless, so is that really from just Asia? How much of that is non-Asia? And then the magnitude and timing on Europe and perhaps even India, does that play into your forecast at all for next year?
Jon Olson: Yes so I -- correct me if I’m wrong here Moshe, but I think the clouds are on communications broadly not just wireless and what we see on the wireless side is weakness in the short-term and deployments going out in North America that has caused us some short-term shipment issues meaning this quarter and this past quarter and next quarter, specifically capital being diverted away from AT&T and Verizon and in other places. But probably more prominent Sprint is having more issues with rollouts and so the OEMs that we ship to that supply the Sprint LTE rollout has been cutting back orders because they have not been getting orders from Sprint as best as we can understand. And so that softness in North America is some part of that I would say early in the year. And then to your kind of a follow through to the question related to Europe and India, in our mental model right now we have not modeled either one of those geographies taking significant product at this point in time and probably into next year as well, we’re still looking into that phenomena because we’ve seen no signs of that going I would say growing in a very significant way at this time yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup.
Chris Danely: I guess, what gives you confidence that this is purely a demand problem versus some share loss?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, the numbers on 28-nanometer are growing again very rapidly actually and if you look over the past three years we believe that we’ve been consistently above 60% and it sort of peaked last year probably at around 70% and it's still well into the 60s now. So, I don’t believe that it's a result of that, the other thing we’re seeing is 28-nanometer now all elements that are growing. So, the high-end, the Virtex side, the Zynq side, and the Artix side are growing too and in the past a lot of growth came from the mid-range Kintex and now as this expands the breadth and depth of our product portfolio continues to give me confidence in that regard.
Jon Olson: And just one more thing, if we think about the way we cast the second half of this current fiscal year previously and where we think now almost all of our shortfalls are around situations that are more demand related over older products than 7 Series and that wouldn’t typically not indicate share loss because no one redesigns an older product, right. So it's really around that doesn’t seem to be around any of the leading edge.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: I actually had a clarification and a question on the clarification, maybe if you could also give us some more color on how we should think about gross margins given the weakness in the mix. Is it better to think gross margins could be, say, 67%-68% than the 69%-70%? And then Moshe for my question, if you could just give us the status of your 16-nanometer FinFET engagement with TSMC, what is the status there? And do you expect to get products out on time this year? Thank you.
Jon Olson: So, on the gross margin side obviously we told you the gross margin estimates are for Q4, so you can get that at FY15 and FY16 we’re obviously not done with our planning at this point in time. We certainly are -- we have been running the Company at 68% to 70% range that’s our goal to do that as well, and so at this point in time I wouldn’t give you a -- I certainly wouldn’t give you a lower number to plan for, for gross margins. We do think that with the strength of our hand at 28-nanometer and as good as that profile is for us from a cost perspective as well, I am feeling reasonable about providing that range at least for now.
Moshe Gavrielov: Vivek and with regards to taping out the program continues and the relationship with TSMC is excellent. We’re getting absolutely outstanding support. The design is a very challenging design and as a result we expect for it to tape out a couple of months later than we had originally expected. So, this is -- we’re probably looking at the May timeframe as opposed the March timeframe which is our latest estimate for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
Ryan Carver: This is Ryan Carver in for John. I just wanted to get a clarification. You gave some color on the fiscal '16 as being driven by a strong 28-nanometer, but offset by global comms and some weakness in aero and defense. But if I look at some of your 40-nanometer and 45-nanometer business, I mean share has been declining year-on-year for the last four quarters and if I think about sort of where 28-nanometer product goes, primarily it’s been into the comms end-market. So I guess, how comfortable are you guys in thinking that 28-nanometer is going to be able to drive this outperformance in fiscal '16 given your commentary about comms and aero and defense sort of equating to probably north of half of your revenue for the year next year? And the continued 40-nanometer declines.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure so 28-nanometer is a very broad and deep product offering and there is lots of elements to it and there are different components and different families that are targeted at specific different applications. It addresses all of the markets we’re in absolutely all of them and is an expansion play into additional areas. It would be correct to say that in the last year of production was driven by wireless comms, but it’s not that that’s the only market that it has addressed. And if you look at the early shipments they weren’t necessarily into comms at all, they were in ASIC emulation, they were actually into some consumer markets and all of these continue. What is happening is as the family of product has rolled out and has been extremely successful, more and more are moving into significant production and growth that you see now back to over 150 was actually driven by growth on the Virtex front, growth on the Zynq front and growth on the Artix front and those addressed numerous markets not only comms. So it’s broad, it’s growing significantly, it’s the fastest growing product we’ve ever seen and we’re very confident that if you look at the numbers then it grew from 100 million to 380 million if you look at our projection of over 160 it will come in at about 580 million for the year. We expect significant growth beyond that. So that is growing rapidly and it’s going to be the most successful and broadest portfolio we have. Having said that, when you look at 40 and 45, we continue to see strength and on the 45 which is the low-end product offering the Spartan product offering whereas we believe that 40-nanometer is no more or less peaking for us at this point in time. In terms of market share on 40-45, it hasn’t necessarily shrunk, it’s sort of going up and down over the past year I would say and that’s our valuation.
Jon Olson: Yes Ryan if I could just point out a little bit, I mean it’s one of our bigger growth areas for this year and in the future is industrial -- our industrial business as well as automotive and those are both primarily driven by growth in our 45-nanometer and our Zynq product families and so as you think about the momentum in those end-markets that have been clear over the last year or so and that momentum we believe is going to continue it is transitioning from older products into these new or higher valued products at higher ASPs where we are getting a tremendous amount of benefit. And then also even within the wireless space there is a transition going on away from older products Virtex-5s and 6s into the 7 Series and to big Zynq products going into the wireless function, so we’re going to see more growth in the 28-nanometer area even in the comms thing. So don’t write off comms totally here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Back when the HD TVs were ramping there was demand for FPGAs into TVs and also in broadcasting which helped your consumer business. Do you expect a similar trend to happen with the rise of 4K TVs? And do you see any interest there also in OEMs and what would be the timing on that?
Jon Olson: Yes Tristan, this is Jon. Yes we have actually already shipped quite a bit at the tail-end of last fiscal year and the beginning of this fiscal year into the high -- or excuse me the 4K-2K or ultra high definition televisions. We also are beginning to ship into OLED technology based televisions as well and we do expect to be in the television business longer than some of our previous generations were in for the initial of HD and the initial [Audio Gap] and then got phased out rather quickly. We seem to have quite a bit of activity going on across all the current manufacturers for that business, so that is a good opportunity for us, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Moshe, I just had a clarification on the FinFET comments you made. Is this an issue emanating from the difficulty, in your opinion, TSMC is having or is it coming from the Xilinx side? And just as a quick follow-up, what’s the timing from tape out to when we should expect production volume? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So there are no issues with TSMC, they have had numerous tape outs already, they are giving us full support. The design whenever you encounter a new generation of product tends to unearth problems that you did not anticipate and as a result the closing of all of these issues is taking a little longer plus the challenges related to design for FinFET transistors are more significant. So it's not a TSMC challenge or issue at all, it's just our ability to finish the design with their support. After if you look at our business typically what sort of happens is tape it out, you get it back after a few months, you go through a lengthy evaluation cycle and then you move it into production at which point in time it takes two to three years until it reaches high volume production. So, it sort of depends if you look at 28-nanometer, we reached $100 million production I think three years after we tape out the product…
Ambrish Srivastava: Do you mean a quarterly run rate of 100?
Moshe Gavrielov: No, not a quarterly, overall 100, okay sorry, okay anyway it takes years until you reach the -- yes I am sorry, it was the quarterly that I was looking at…
Ambrish Srivastava: It’s alright, that would be too long.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sorry about that.
Ambrish Srivastava: That’s okay. We all knew what you meant, Moshe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: This is Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim. I want to ask a longer-term question, specifics that you can comment until you have the Analyst Day that would be very helpful color. Just wonder if there is any change longer-term in how you're thinking about the OpEx profile of the Company as we transition to a server environment or on the capital allocation profile of the Company as well? Thanks very much.
Jon Olson: From a spending profile, certainly we are not going to -- we’ll update you more a lot more about what we think about FY16 there, but mostly it’s comment around next year’s positioning the Company from a flat to low growth environment we’re certainly very aware of what that means and we are working towards spending goals to match that thought process. But from a longer-term perspective, R&D intensity as we have these nodes go more rapidly closer together until maybe we get to 10-nanometer it is causing us a little bit of headwind that we’ve been able to manage it through a variety of different techniques and decisions that we made. So I am not too worried about any sort of a bigger ramp in spending coming on. And relative to capital allocation again it is based on a lot of factors including what our plans for excess cash would be beyond returning to shareholders, but our primary situation is to continue to think about dividend first and favor that and then the share repurchase is opportunistic as what visibility I have today about the future, I don’t think we’ll be changing that policy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: I just want to go back to the wireless segment with the March guidance will be down four quarters in a row. So you talked about some end-market issues but I am not aware of other companies seeing these declines. So I was just curious, as you look back, what’s really causing this? Did you see ASIC replacement? Is there a mix shift to the mid range in than fiscal '15 guidance, you talked about uncertain outlook, how much are you expecting this business to come back for you within that? Thanks.
Jon Olson: Yes so, Blayne the short-term issues on the wireless business really is not as much China as it is the rest of the world for us and some of the softness that’s gone on. All I can do is tell you what we believe, our customers are saying and since we have the lion share of the share among PLD companies in support of the Sprint rollout that has been something that has disappointed relative to our expectations for this quarter and we believe that leads into the forecast for Q4 as well. The China aspect, we actually had China grow as we anticipated so that wasn’t necessarily the short-term issue. But we are -- we did also I believe signal we were a lot more bullish on wireless growth in China because of phase 3 rollout in March and while we’re not seeing decline there, we aren’t seeing the same relative acceleration of growth in China that we had originally said. So, it's not like our wireless business is going away it’s just that is not increasing to the point that we had said. With respect to FY16 I think Moshe was trying to characterize the cloud overall, with communications being a global rough spot for global spending not specifically targeting some geography in wireless. So we’re not really going to give a guidance right now and our thoughts on wireless for FY16, we’ll do that in March.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri of CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri: Moshe, more of a philosophical question, I am just looking at the business over the last three years and based on your guidance for fiscal '16, on average there isn’t a whole lot of growth here. I think in fiscal '10 you grew I mean a couple of years ago you grew about 10% fiscal '14 but outside of that. So, my question is obviously R&D is running at fairly high OpEx is running close to 40%. As the leader, I am wondering, does it still make sense to chase the Morse Law? I mean is it part of the business that you have to continue to invest in Morse Law? And my question is, why wouldn't it make sense to kind of slow it down a little bit and kind of bringing that OpEx number down?
Moshe Gavrielov: So that’s great philosophical question which is we could spend hours debating, but let me give you my two minute response here. You’re right in pointing out, if you look back that the growth has not been sustained so for Xilinx it was -- grew to 1.8 billion it was at 1.7 billion to 1.8 billion for several years then took a jump to the 2.4ish billion level and has been at that point for more years than we believed it would stay there. And that clearly is disappointing, having said that, we do believe that this is a business. As the semiconductor industry is maturing, being at the leading edge enables us to capture a larger SAM and in order to do that we’re investing in order to exploit that and provide those solutions. Now the first node where this was possible in a big way, we believe is 28-nanometer and we do see and we will -- we understand that it’s incumbent upon us to show the proof, we do see in quite few cases more ASICs going away and customers transitioning into FPGAs and to a lesser degree but nonetheless this is happening to some of the traditional ASSP providers can no longer keep up and that provides an opportunity for us. In order to do that, we need to have both different products and a big investment in the software enablement to enable us to capture those markets. We’re making those investments now and we believe that the return is still ahead of us and an example would be the Zynq product line which enables us to participate in a bigger way in automotive, a market where we only had a very fringe participation in the past. So I can’t argue with your numbers right, the numbers are what the numbers are, but I fervently believe that the opportunity is still ahead of us to capture these markets and we’ll give you more insights into that in the March timeframe, but excellent question and thank you for asking it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Ruben Roy: Moshe, I just wanted to throw in another question on the communications discussion. In terms of that end-market, you historically haven’t provided longer-term guidance and now you're giving us a little more of an outlook from a longer-term perspective. And I am wondering if some of that is driven by what you’re seeing in addition to these clouds around the design environment? Has anything changed in the design environment from your big customers that globally that sell into the service providers as it relates to FPGAs, would you say? Or do you think that, once you get by fiscal 2016, that you can still think about some of the CAGR growth rates that you guys have discussed historically around the various communications markets? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: So we believe there is opportunities for growth in both wired communications and wireless communications. We will try to size those. Wired in particular has been frustrating for us. For several years now we’ve predicted growth, projected growth and it hasn’t happened, even the 28-nanometer on the wired side it’s taking longer for those very significant designs to translate into revenue. Nonetheless, the opportunity is there and the wired market is not going away, but we’ll give you a deeper and more accurate response in March.
Jon Olson: I think from a design environment though I think, as Moshe said earlier that we are seeing a ASICs being replaced, we are participating in the aggregation that’s going on as there can be continued consolidation in the infrastructure business. We are still seeing lots of opportunities for us out there.
Moshe Gavrielov: And things like the SDX environments, those design environments have specifically targeted to enable us to address those market more smoothly and more efficiently than we have in the past. So, there is a need to provide somewhat of a different approach in order to expand the population of designers we have there and that includes communications, but it's not only limited to communications.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ian Ing from MKM Partners.
Ian Ing: You talked about a slow growth environment but you've also got the third highest gross margins in semis after Linear and PMC-Sierra. So, have you thought about going after some new volume applications, perhaps with some price elasticity?
Jon Olson: Yes we definitely have a posture here that’s about offering profit dollars with respect to that, so it's not like if a deal doesn’t look like 59.7% to us, we won’t bid on it we won’t go after it that’s not the case at all. We certainly think about this as a portfolio and a opportunity. The issue becomes what -- when are those that still make sense that an FPGAs is the right answer because obviously bidding at a negative 20% for some single function capability doesn’t really add any value to shareholders also we don’t do that, but we absolutely have looked at broadening applications within our existing markets and we’ve made certainly done some of that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suji De Silva from Topeka. Your line is open.
Suji De Silva: Just a couple of questions on 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer, on 28, where would you say we are in the cycle now versus where 28-nanometer peaks? And for 20-nanometer down the road, do you expect to have a similar shape of ramp versus 28, or somehow distinct? Thanks.
Moshe Gavrielov: So 28 our position has evolved and we actually think it's going to peak later than we have originally expected and to last longer than it had originally expected. Potentially with a slightly smaller peak, but actually similar area under the curve and we are still years away from that peak and we’re seeing a lot of markets that are addressed by our product just starting now to move into production and probably have another two or three years before they move into production. So the accumulation of which generates the peak is still years away. 20-nanometer, the way we look at it is 20 and 16 together are should be equivalent to 28 in terms of their capabilities and that’s because they are coming very close together in terms of introduction. And so if you -- there was a previous question that I manage to confuse everyone with my response, but it took three years to reach $100 million on 28-nanometer and that’s a quarterly number and our expectation is if you look at the combination of 20 and 16 and if you could sort of shift them back to start at the same time then you should hopefully reach the same number in with the same level of success of that point in time. Now we’ll see if that sort of happens and it will -- but if you look at 20 alone it won’t match what 28 has done and if you look at 16 alone, it won’t match what 28 has done. The expectation is that between the two of them it should come close to what 28 has done in a more or less similar timeframe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann from Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann: But, Jon, can you give us a sense, last year, what the end-of-life product sales were? Or maybe you can give us the past couple of years? Thanks.
Jon Olson: So we haven’t provided that detail information, we’ve talked about it not being particularly material. In the last couple of quarters we certainly were shipping I would say incrementally more of that into aerospace and defense and that continues to -- will continue to trail off over the next couple of quarters. I don’t, again Han that we really haven’t quantified it because it hasn’t been that significant over the last couple of quarters I would say uniformly in any given quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah of Nomura. Your line is open.
Sanjay Chaurasia: Hi, this is Sanjay for Romit Shah. Moshe, one question you indicated your frustration with the wired segment and I was wondering if you could drill down a bit deeper and which specific segments in wired you think have disappointed you? And when you talk to these customers, just wondering what is the take on it, you have better products, more integration in your FPGAs, what is it that's been so disappointing? Why you are not seeing the growth from these segments?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well I think we’ll give you more context in March, but fundamentally this is a multi-year challenge we have run into and it sort of -- it’s just for several years that is the one segment that we have continuously predicted growth. We have the design wins and they’re taking longer to move into production and when they move into production they yield less than we had expected them to. So we’ll try to break it down by category. I would say that you’re right in pointing out that it’s not fair to tower everyone with the same brush. It’s a very broad market with several sub-segments so we’ll highlight which ones are moving faster and which ones appear to be slower, but I don’t have that information with me now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu of Indaba Global.
David Wu: I just have one clarification. As I listened to the Cisco call, their business in the wireline kind of segment, were surprisingly strong in the U.S. and even their European business wasn't that weak. I was wondering whether this is a phenomenon of one company doing relatively better than the other ones or is this a generalization that you can see across your customer base?
Jon Olson: Yes I don’t -- I haven’t really studied anything Cisco had said and I think in the short run here David, but I know Cisco sells in a lot of different applications not necessarily all wired communications. They are in broadcast, or in cable and equipment and as you know that we said we had lower than expected performance in that area in this last quarter and so sometimes it is application specific or sub-application specific or not. And I’m certainly not trying to pile on Cisco negatively either on wired or broadcast we had weakness in other customers as well. We’ve had geographic weakness from a European perspective as well, so we are -- it often is not what the entire company is doing, it’s more about the industry and sometimes it’s about our specific applications in the industry. So I think all we can do is point out to where we play and where we sit, it’s hard for us -- it’s hard for me to comment on what I think about Cisco’s strength or weakness in any geography.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Parker Paulin of Wells Fargo Securities.
Parker Paulin: Could you speak for a moment about your 40-nanometer revenues this quarter and just provide a little bit more color in that space? Thanks.
Jon Olson: Yes so our new product category is made up of 28-nanometer and then our 40-45 so there is two generations of technologies and so our overall new products numbers were down a little bit. And we updated that our 28-nanometer was up substantially, so that leads you to believe obviously by actual subtraction that the 40-45 was down. Within that it was a broadcast related and some communications. The low-end that Moshe talked about continues to be quite well. And that was doing well so it was really the high-end and it was related to the communications segment and broadcast so it really ties nicely to the overall disappointment if you will because of that. And that another way for us to describe that to you would be there were some older products that are either going through transition or there is slow demand by their end-markets depending on which customer and which situation that we’re driving that.
Operator: At this time, we have no additional audio questions.
Rick Muscha: Great, thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 05:00 PM Pacific Time, 08:00 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR Web site. Our next earnings release date for the fourth quarter of fiscal year '15 will be Wednesday, April 22nd after the market close. This quarter we will be holding our 2015 Investor Day on March 10th in New York. We do look forward to seeing you there. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-10-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha – Senior Director, IR Jon Olson – EVP, CFO Moshe Gavrielov – President, CEO
Analysts: Ryan Carver – Credit Suisse Romit Shah – Nomura Ambrish Srivastava – BMO Capital Markets Vivek Arya – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird Srinivas Pajjuri – CLSA Research John Vinh – Pacific Crest Securities Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Joe Meares – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ian Ing – MKM Partners Harlan Sur – JPMorgan
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Chris and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO, and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the September quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-K's, 10-Q's, and 8-K's. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx investor relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx sales were $604 million during the quarter and profitability at $0.62 per share was significantly higher than expected. Sales for Q2 fiscal 2015 were down 1% sequentially and in line with our guidance. All primary end-markets performed as we expected. With respect to the sub-end-markets, aerospace and defense, industrial, scientific and medical, test and measurement, automotive, and data center, all increased while all other secondary end-markets decreased. 28-nanometer sales were flat and 40-nanometer sales declined as anticipated, reflecting an overall decline in our new products category. Our base category, which is comprised of our oldest products, increased significantly during the quarter, driven primarily by the timing of programs in the aerospace and defense end-market that we discussed with you last quarter. On a year-on-year basis, new products were up 21%, mainstream down 8%, and base products down 14%. Sales to communications customers were down significantly as expected, with two customers accounting for the majority of the decline. Both wired and wireless communications were down double digits sequentially, while data center sales increased. Turns were 48% for the quarter. Gross margin at 71.9% was a record for the company and better than expected, due to product and customer mix. Operating expenses were slightly better than expected at $235 million, including amortization of $2.4 million. This resulted in operating income of $200 million, up 22% from the same quarter a year ago. Other income and expense was a net expense of $6 million, slightly better than forecasted, mainly due to higher interest income on our investment portfolio. Net income for the quarter was $172 million or $0.62 per diluted share. A number of factors contributed to the high level of profitability including a higher gross margin percentage than forecasted, a tax credit for approximately $2 million utilized during the quarter, and a lower number of shares outstanding. Operating cash flow for the September quarter was $204 million before $8 million in CapEx. Diluted shares for the quarter were $267 million. This was $6 million less than forecasted due to the increased buyback activity during the quarter and the impact of the lower stock price. There was a 6.7 million share dilutive effect from our convertible note. We continue to be committed to returning cash to shareholders. During the quarter we stepped up our buyback activity, repurchasing 4.8 million shares for $200 million. We also paid $77 million in quarterly dividends. For the first half of the fiscal year, we returned over $450 million to shareholders in the form of repurchases and dividends, significantly more than we generated in operating cash flow. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments decreased $49 million to approximately $3.6 billion. We have $600 million in convertible debt and $1 billion in fixed-rate debt, resulting in a net cash position of approximately $2 billion. Inventory increased slightly during the quarter. The vast majority of our inventory is in new products for which we continue to have strong forecasted end-demand. As we discussed last quarter, our plans are to reduce inventory dollars by the end of the fiscal year. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the December quarter of fiscal 2015. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up sequentially. We are expecting significant sequential growth from our 28-nanometer product family. We expect both wired and wireless communications to increase modestly. China wireless deployments continue to be gated by the availability of components essential to the ramp of FPGAs. We remain optimistic about the global LTE deployment and our strong position in wireless deployments. We expect the industrial and aerospace defense segment to be up, driven by continued program-related strength in aerospace and defense. Broadcast, automotive and consumer is expected to be flat. As a result, we are expecting total sales for the December quarter to be flat to up 4%. The midpoint of this guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 46%. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 69%. The sequential decrease in gross margin percent is driven by product mix as 28-nanometer revenue grows and older product revenue declines. In addition, as inventory begins to decline, we expect a negative impact to gross margin. For the full fiscal year we expect gross margin percent to be between 69% and 70%. Operating expenses in the December quarter are expected to be approximately $230 million, including $2.5 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. Other income and expense for the December quarter is expected to be a net expense of approximately $6 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 272 million shares. The tax rate for the December quarter is expected to be approximately 13%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. While September revenue was in line with our guidance, I'm very pleased that we continue to deliver strong profitability. Gross margin increased to a record 71.9% and operating margin to 33.1%, both significantly higher than our expectations. These contributed to earnings per share of $0.62. As we had predicted, 28-nanometer revenue was flat sequentially, driven by a forecasted pause in China LTE activity. As we head into the second half of our fiscal year 2015, we're anticipating 28-nanometer revenue to renew its significant growth. This will be driven by a broad set of applications in wired communications, industrial, data center, defense and automotive markets, complemented by the strength of increasing LTE deployment. We anticipate 28-nanometer sales to exceed $150 million in the December quarter, driving overall sales growth for the company. 28-nanometer product generation is without doubt the most successful node in our history, will serve as the growth driver for the company for several years going forward. Our 28-nanometer sales target in fiscal year 2015 is $600 million, an increase of approximately 60% from the previous fiscal year. At the 20-nanometer node, independent customer feedback indicates that we have approximately a one-year lead over the competition, both in terms of our ultra-scale silicon maturity and quality of results. This significant technology leadership is delivered in the broadest and most compelling midrange product family, complemented by the industry's only high-end family. This is manifested in the largest FPGA in the industry which delivers over 4x the capacity of competitive devices. All these are enabled by the unmatched abilities of our Vivado tool suite, which is uniquely delivering only to Xilinx customers fastest time to market, most efficient device utilization, fast [ph] performance and lowest power. The record success of the 28-nanometer portfolio, which is still in the early phases of revenue growth, combined with the competitiveness, breadth and execution to date for already delivered 20-nanometer solutions and about to be delivered in early 2015 16-nanometer ultra-scale portfolio will drive increased share gains against both ASICs ASSPs traditional programmable competition. Now I will turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Carver – Credit Suisse: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. This is Ryan Carver in for John. I know one of the things that has been difficult is to quantify sort of number of base stations being deployed in China. I'm wondering if you could maybe help us understand relative to sort of the 3G cycle, you know, this quarter or sort of the cycle to date for 4G versus sort of the ramp in 3G. And I guess what I'm trying to think about is, you know, kind of dollar content for base station. I think you guys have talked about a 2x increase from 2G to 3G and a 3x increase from 2G to 4G. But it seems like wireless revenue, at least from sort of the peaking period in 2010, is probably down currently. So I'm just trying to understand from a like-for-like perspective in terms of base station units, how you guys sort of think about that and if the content growth is actually playing out as expected.
Jon Olson: Yes. Well, first off, Ryan, it's very difficult to compare these two ramps because we are still very much in the middle stages of 4G and we've already seen that the predictability has been quite difficult, primarily because of shortages in the supply chain vis-a-vis what China Mobile might prefer they want to do. So, comparing the number of base stations generation to generation, I just can't -- I don't have any good rule of thumb for you to figure that out. I mean I do think that 4G number of base stations deployed will be a greater number of base stations than 3G in the end when you think of all the technologies. And we are still very much in the ramp-up of that capability across China. So I would say the way I had thought about 3G ramp was that it was very fast, very sharp, up, level off for a while and then came down relatively sharply. This is -- this has had a lot more volatility relative to 4G versus 3G. So it's a pace issue that to me has turned out to be very different so far. And again, it's because of the supply chain issues they have. Now relative to content, I think we've said in the past that all base stations are not necessarily created equal in terms of their -- both the OEMs who manufacture them relative to FPGA content by OEM, and also then again the various models of centralized versus distributed, remote radio heads versus centralized, things like that. But when you look at the manufacturers that are using, in the radio, cars, in particular, all FPGA implementation, it's really clear to us that there's a 50% revenue increase over 3G. Those manufacturers who are using ASIC deployments with FPGA companionships, then that percentage doesn't hold quite as easily. And so it does depend on the mix of which OEM we're talking about. And each of those OEMs have different levels of logistics issues in the 4G technology rollout as we sit here today.
Ryan Carver – Credit Suisse: Good, thanks. And as a quick follow-up, I think the magnitude of the industrial performance for the September quarter was certainly a bit above expectations. Can you just kind of walk through how this -- how you think this is going to play out? You obviously are guiding it a bit higher in December quarter. How should we think of that kind of going into the first part of next year? And I guess as a correlation to that, what's, you know, do you guys expect gross margins to come down as base units, kind mix lower as a percentage of revenue?
Jon Olson: Yes. We have a huge end-market mix going on right now that's driving that gross margin up this quarter as a result of all of our industrial -- all sub-segments within the industrial category going up in the September quarter. And then the guide is for aerospace and defense subcategory to go up, the other two being ISM and test and measurement will be flat to down. So there's a little bit of a difference there. The aerospace and defense is clearly program-related. And we pushed a lot of programs -- several programs got pushed into the September quarter, out of June into September for us, that's contributing to this. And we are expecting strong aerospace and defense again one more quarter. And this is a very seasonal bracket around the government fiscal year. Typically, in March you would see aerospace and defense then declining. And then our belief is the offset to that will be the communications business growing significantly during that time period.
Ryan Carver – Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. Good results, guys.
Jon Olson: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from Romit Shah with Nomura. Your line is open.
Romit Shah – Nomura: Thanks. Hi, Jon. Hi, Moshe. And yeah, congrats on the good results. I imagine it's a pretty tough environment out there. Jon, just seeing the strong growth in base products and industrial aerospace combined with the 72% gross margin, I think may start to feed speculation that sales this past quarter were artificially boosted by last-time buys. And so I was wondering if you could address that. And then I have a follow-up.
Jon Olson: Yes. So it is true that the aerospace and defense and industrial, scientific and medical category does have very long design-in and long tails relative to when they ramp to production. So that would lead you to believe or understand that many of our older products, when those end-markets grow, it's more of our older products that are contributing to the biggest part of that, not just our new products, which is a little different than maybe some of the end-markets we have. And so when you see this new product category going down and communications going down where there's a lot of new products sold into the wireless technology, you have this big swing in the mix, meaning comms down, new products down, base products way up because of those particular two end-markets that grew quite dramatically. So inside of those -- the base products is the last-time buy, but it isn't the only element of base products and it isn't the only element that gets sold into those technologies. Essentially Virtex-5, Virtex-4, those are not considered last-time buy products, were very strong contributors in the aerospace and the ISM end-markets as well. But also some of the even older products and some of those were considered last-time buys. So I don't know about the word artificial. We'll take whatever business we get. But you're right; there is this big push-up of these end-markets that will -- there'll be a flop as the seasonality hits us later on aerospace and defense, and it will come down some. And that's driving the 72% gross margin. We remain confident on the 68% to 70% range for running the business at this point in time. And we did have this higher profitability because of the end-market mix, and will return to a more balanced mix over time.
Romit Shah – Nomura: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess in light of the current macro environment, which seems to have weakened recently, and your comments about supply chain constraints in communications, how do you feel about the fiscal 2015 target of 5%. Is that still a realistic target for this fiscal year?
Jon Olson: Yes. So we aren't forecasting the fourth quarter in this call, and that may get you to think that we're backing away from the 5%. But quite frankly, it's really highly dependent on this wireless supply chain shortage issue. We've had large wireless OEM customers say we would be taking more FPGAs if we had more power amplifiers. They've made that statement to us. And so the whole notion that China Mobile claims they want to do a couple hundred thousand more base stations this year, I don't see where those units -- excuse me, the supply chain is going to be able to support that in the short order based on what we see. And so the fourth quarter for us is a growth quarter for 28-nanometer. It is a growth quarter vis-a-vis what we think will end up in December. Whether we -- it's definitely possible we could get to the 5%, but we are not making that commitment at this point in time due to this reduced visibility.
Romit Shah – Nomura: And is this issue with the power amplifiers, is this just a timing issue, meaning that you're not sure if you're going to, you know, ship X number of FPGAs in March or whether it will spill over to June? Or --
Jon Olson: We don't believe we're going to lose share - we're losing any share in this time period. It is a matter of when they are going to ship, the timing of that, when the allocation of power amplifiers increases, if it ever does. We don't produce those, so therefore I can't give you a good reading on when that is going to be alleviated. But we don't think this impacts the total dollars for the overall China LTE deployment for us. It's timing.
Romit Shah – Nomura: Okay. Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava – BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. My first question, Jon and Moshe, with respect to communications for the reported quarter, it sounds like it was weaker than what you had guided to because you had said down but it came in way lower, down 19. My question really is, given how big you now are at Huawei and also given your success on the radio side, are you aware of any ASIC conversions going on with HiSilicon? Because it's our understanding that HiSilicon's business has been on a tear the last couple of quarters. So that was my first question. And second is on the capital allocation, Jon. Could you just remind us what is the company thinking on capital allocation and also how much buyback do you have in the arsenal? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Sure. On the comms, comms was down quite a bit. And the biggest part of it was the wireless piece that was down versus the wired. But wired was also down quite, you know, from a double-digit perspective, you know, pretty healthy. But think of it more like two-thirds of that was wireless and maybe a third was wired at the highest level. It really -- I mean none of that was caused by any substitution from an ASIC perspective at all. This is -- HiSilicon and Huawei continue to work very closely together. There are ASICs on the board. We don't, you know, we're not being substituted out in any of the companionships that is anything material that would drive a lower overall Huawei number from us versus our expectations. So I guess the answer to your question is really no, we're not seeing that necessarily on the wireless side.  From a capital allocation perspective, we did increase our repurchase level quite significantly in the first half of our fiscal year. And our strategy has really been to first define what we think the right answer for the dividend is and try to be a consistent increaser of dividend over time, and then the remainder of the cash allocated to return back to shareholders. It's really opportunistic from using repurchases as the balance to that. And as we see, you know, as we see what happened in the stock market to us last quarter, we thought it was appropriate for us to increase our buyback significantly. We aren't gated by a 70% number or an 80% number or 100% number. We're gated but what we think is the right time to buy back and our confidence relative to the business model that we have. And so we've made the call to increase it significantly in the first half. We still have, on the current authorization, a little less than $200 million available as approved by the Board of Directors.
Ambrish Srivastava – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So it's consistent, no change. Thank you, Jon.
Jon Olson: Right.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to talk about the 28-nanometer revenue target at $600 million. I'm wondering what is the contribution from wireless in that. Is it fair to think it's about 35%, 40% of that, or is it less or more? I just want to get some rough ballpark of how much wireless contributes to that.
Jon Olson: Yes. Actually I'm a little bit at a loss. I'd have to look into that for you, Vivek. You know, Kintex is by far the biggest driver, and that's in the neighborhood of 40% or 50% of our overall number in wireless. And Kintex is the primary parts that go into the wireless technology for China, at the 28-nanometer level. But I think I need to go dig into that. I haven't really looked at the end-markets split of 28-nanometer that closely. I don't want to throw out a bad number. I don't think I mind giving you a range; I just don't have the number at my fingertips.
Vivek Arya – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So I guess, Jon, maybe where I'm going with that question is that, what is giving you the confidence that you will be able to achieve $600 million at 28 nanometers given that wireless is the growth driver and there is some uncertainty on the pace of the build-out and then just the supply of other components? Why do you think you will be able to achieve $600 million in 28-nanometer revenue?
Moshe Gavrielov: Vivek, this is Moshe. Our target is 600. If you examine our comments closely, that's driven by a whole host of markets. The amount of design wins, the breadth, the depth transcends all markets. And what happens is at different points in time, different markets tend to grow at different rates. Generally speaking, if you take out the ones which are lumpier, and wireless falls into that. There are, you know, in particular, wireless in China tends to come in big lumps, driven by external elements. But if you take that out, then 28-nanometer has been growing constantly every single quarter since we started. It took a huge leap in the December and March quarters, and those were driven by wireless. But then as -- and that's LTE in China. But as that took a pause, then the other elements continued to grow. So it would be appropriate it to think that wireless is a driver, but it's not the only driver, and to assume that over time what happens is design wins in other markets start to turn to revenue. We expect some of those, and they are turning to revenue, have been over the past quarters. One which will start in the next calendar year to accelerate is, for example, automotive. In addition, we do expect wired comms to somewhat -- a little later than we had expected, but we do expect that to catch on. So long answer to a question, but it is multi-markets, it's not only wireless.
Vivek Arya – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Very helpful, Moshe. And maybe just as a follow-up to that, I think the investor worry is that if, let's say, the China base station build-out does peak, right, over the next couple of quarters, are there enough of other applications out there to help you grow into your target revenues? Because when I look at the last eight or ten years of the communications and data center revenues from you guys or even with your competitor, it's only grown half the time. Right? So it coincides with the CapEx cycles and it seems like that CapEx cycle could peak next year. So do you think there is enough of range of applications outside of wireless and China base stations that you can still grow the overall company at above the rate of semiconductors?
Moshe Gavrielov: You know, I'm loathe to provide anything vis-a-vis the rate of semiconductors. So I'd rather just focus on our numbers. And those are the ones that we are responsible for. And what is driving our growth now is a very virtuous product cycle with a huge and very broad number of design wins across all applications. And that is -- and hence, we are very confident that 28-nanometer, just due to the breadth and depth of our offering and the number of design wins, will be by far our largest node. And that is driving our growth. As part of that, this long-awaited ability to grow the fam through ASIC replacement and ASSPs is starting to happen. Again, it's happening a little more slowly, unfortunately. But there is no doubt, and as the Zynq product offering starts to gather momentum, that it's all ASSP replacement because it clearly changes -- enables us to displace ASSPs. ASICs are happening at the high-end. They are happening quite broadly now as the ASIC market is devolving and it's becoming less and less viable except for high-volume, very high-volume consumer type applications. So all of those are growth vectors. And that is helping grow our market. It's helping grow the entire programmable market. And that should enable us not to be necessarily linked to any previous cycle. It is a growth arena potential, and I absolutely would agree that we have yet to demonstrate that. But that is happening in terms of design wins. The transition to revenue will enable us to do that. So we are very confident in that trend. And the growth -- I'll take one example. Automotive is a market we had very, very, very peripherals play in, in the past. And we expect -- and it's a market that develops relatively slowly. But in terms of our design wins and our confidence in those design wins we expect to see significant growth in calendar 2015 and calendar 2016 and calendar 2017, in that area. We really did not have a huge play in previous generations. Wired comms, again, is another area where 28-nanometer has yet to fall into a stride and rhythm there. And that's more delayed and we had expected. But again, those design wins are now moving into production and they will, over the next year or so, translate to revenue. So I think there's a lot -- if you look at the data and the details, and there's a lot of reasons that -- to not to believe that previous cycles are necessarily a perfect predictor of what will happen now. This time it is different.
Vivek Arya – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I hope so. Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to go back, Jon. You said that the quarter played out fairly as you expected, and obviously you didn't tell us exactly what numbers to model. But obviously comm was down significantly and industrial up. Jjust wanted to make sure that that was your comment, that it all played out. And you've seen fairly soft comments on the wired side. I was surprised that wireless was the weaker one. What is wired looking like as you go forward? You're looking for growth. Have you seen these pockets of weakness that others are seeing?
Jon Olson: Yes. The characterization that the quarter played out as we anticipated, all end-markets went in the direction we said. Comms was down a little bit more and industrial and aerospace and defense was up a little bit more than we'd anticipated. And so there was a little bit more of a pronounced down and up in those two specific, you know, those specific cases. And I'm sorry, and the rest of your question, Blayne --
Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital: The second part was the wired, there's been several data points that wired is kind of getting worse. You seem to see it going up.
Jon Olson: Yeah. Wired was -- the wired issue is that we had a couple of very large customers who had taken a lot of product the previous quarter for -- a lot of this was around access and transport capabilities. And there's some inventory adjustment going on in some cases and also they're beginning a transition from 40-nanometer technology to our 28-nanometer technology, so they were buying quite a bit of the older products earlier. And they're going to start to transition all their new products to 28-nanometer over time. So it was again customer specific. The overall trend for wired is still up. And as Moshe just articulated, we are expecting 28-nanometer in wired to grow in the coming quarters pretty significantly.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just secondly, on the industrial A&D market, huge sequential. Was that primarily defense as you had talked about? Was that the vast majority of the contribution? And then when you look into December, it's growing again. Is that still the defense snapping back after the transition? And can you just go over the seasonality there again? I was kind of confused on the comments. Does it come back down to a more normalized level?
Jon Olson: Yeah. The high-level category, which includes aerospace and defense and industrial, scientific, medical, and test and measurement, all three of those categories grew in the September quarter. Aerospace and defense subcategory grew a lot. And that was consistent with what we had talked about before, that it was way low the last couple of quarters on a run rate basis and it was going to bounce back and catch up. Going forward in December, aerospace and defense subcategory is going up and the other two are flat to down. And so the increase won't be as pronounced in that overall category but it will be driven by aerospace and defense. Then what is typical for us is, in March and June, is that the aerospace and defense subcategory goes down because of the seasonality around bracketing the end of the government fiscal year in September. And we have had this effect fairly consistently over many years of the company. So there is definitely going to be some up in those categories and then some down in aerospace and defense as we get to March and June quarters. I hope that was clear.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital: Yeah, very clear, thank you. And just the node that defense is on, I mean into that context of the last-time buys.
Jon Olson: The last-time buy node is 130-nanometer, a part of our 130-nanometer capability. And again, aerospace and defense, industrial and scientific and medical buy 130, 90, 40, 28-nanometer. It's across the board, but it's always weighted towards the lower, you know, the older products just because of the nature of that business, very long design-in and very long qualification.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks, Jon.
Jon Olson: Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Hi, good afternoon. Just as a follow-up to some questions that have already taken place regarding the December quarter outlook. A quarter ago you stated your expectation for revenue to be down starting in the December quarter. Since then, China Mobile raised their TD-LTE base station target by 200K so that's at least $60 million in incremental revenue, which will be about 10% of your September quarter revenue. Are there other end-markets representing an offset to your expectations for the quarter going to the December quarter? Could be the wired market? Or is it because you don't think you're going to ship more than incremental 200K TD-LTE base units by yearend or by calendar year end?
Jon Olson: Yeah. I'm not sure I got the very front end of your declarative statement on what we said. I don't believe -- if you said we said wireless would be down in December, we did not say that last quarter.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Total revenue.
Jon Olson: We did not say total revenue would be down either in the December quarter. We've said that we were going to grow in the second half of the fiscal year, which is December and March. So that's not us that said that. And so inside of that growth is a strong growth in wireless and a strong growth in wired that we had modeled into the second half. To your point around the incremental 200,000 base stations, earlier I made the comment around the shortage issue, and I have a lack of confidence that China Mobile will be successful in getting all the base stations to deploy that. And this will push out into calendar 2015.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And as a follow-up, is it fair to assume that, as a result, your China exposure within wireless is going to continue to increase in the March quarter, and as such, I guess we could make implications for gross margin given the mix?
Jon Olson: So, yes, we do believe our China mix will continue to increase as we go throughout the year. And it is true that the gross margin will move back down, as we said, in December and again in March as mix -- as our overall product mix and customer mix gets a little more normal to our business and then we fall into the 68% to 70% range that we've been forecasting. When you take the effect of what happened to us this quarter and our belief of the margin number for March, we do believe that the gross margin will be between 69% and 70% for the full fiscal year.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you.
Jon Olson: Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Srinivas Pajjuri with CLSA Research. Your line is open.
Srinivas Pajjuri – CLSA Research: Jon, a couple of questions. On the supply constraints that you mentioned, do you think that's only impacting the radio card build, or do you think that's impacting the baseband card build as well?
Jon Olson: Srini, I think it's impacting both because I think it's -- certainly, our business is more impacted by the radio card, meaning we have a higher revenue content in our overall wireless business than radio. It's about half radio and the rest, the other half, is between baseband and microwave backhaul business. But for us, you know, having shortages on the radio card is a bigger deal to us, but I do believe that the power amplifier issues are both baseband and radio card.
Srinivas Pajjuri – CLSA Research: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe for Moshe, you mentioned that, I think, you have about a year lead in 20-nanometer. Given that 2016 is just around the corner, how big do you think 20 is going to be for the industry?
Moshe Gavrielov: We expect the sum of 20 and 16 to approach what 28 will be. And it's difficult for us to make the division between the two. Fundamentally, 20-nanometer for us will be two years ahead of 16-nanometer and two years ahead of any competing product in an advanced node. So typically that provides us with a pretty reasonable portion of revenue. And our product offering in 20 is very broad. It has the midrange and it has a high-end and super-high-end component to it. So we're very bullish on what it will provide. But clearly it won't be as good as 28, which for a variety of reasons actually is broader and will have a longer life due to some cost-related elements. So that's why our analysis is 20 and 14, 16 will be, combined, at best like 28.
Srinivas Pajjuri – CLSA Research: Okay, great. And then, Jon, just one clarification. As we head into the next quarter, you are guiding down the share count pretty meaningfully. Is it just the buybacks and the convert? Or is there anything else I should be aware of? Thank you.
Jon Olson: No. It was our best estimate of choosing share price to compute the dilution with, from the converts, and then implementing our buyback strategy.
Srinivas Pajjuri – CLSA Research: Great. Thank you.
Jon Olson: Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Vinh with Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
John Vinh – Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First question that I had was just wanted to clarify the expectations for a rebound in wireless in the March quarter. Is that solely predicated on the constraints on RFPAs starting to ease? Are you also making some assumptions about some FDD-LTE contributions in the March quarter as well?
Jon Olson: Yes, I think it's more, John, I think it's more around the phase three introduction for the TD and the fact that we would end up with, I would say, a full quarter of that effect. While there will be some builds of FD during that time period, we believe it's not the biggest driver; it's really around TD. And again, we don't -- since we don't make the power amplifiers, we don't know for sure when it's easing. We're going by what our customers are telling us, that they believe the March quarter, that they'll be ordering more FPGAs for us, so they must be confident that they are going to have an adequate supply to be able to do that. But it's really around the phase three timing is what we're counting on the most in order to drive that growth in the March quarter. 
John Vinh – Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. And then my follow-up question is, if you look at kind of the ramp of China Mobile and TD-LTE, it seems like their macro base station deployments could be down next year. Should we think about China wireless peaking this year, or is there a possibility that some of the FDD contributions could drive continued growth in China wireless next year?
Jon Olson: Yeah, there are a lot of moving parts, as you can imagine, here with what might get pushed into calendar 2015, being the March quarter, versus what might happen to us in December. Our belief is that calendar 2015 will be higher than, you know, maybe it's only slightly higher, but higher than calendar 2014 relative to our overall China-related business. And yes, some of that will be FD, particularly in the second half of calendar 2015.
John Vinh – Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: Hey, guys. Congrats on the strong result and guide. Jon, a lot of questions about the industrial and aerospace and defense. Now that it's 40% of your revenues, at least in this last quarter, could you give us a rough estimate about how big that aero and defense side is? And how long does that tend to adjust to the downside similar to what it has now done for, it looks like, a couple quarters to the upside when it does in fact turn? Thanks.
Jon Olson: Yes. So it's, I mean it's typically aerospace and defense has been around 15% of our total revenue of the company. And obviously this last quarter it's a little higher than that, by a percent or two. So it is larger. And some of it was created by the fact that we had such a low point, lower than we would have expected, in the summertime, and that's driven that up little bit. So it's one of those things you have to look at over the whole year and compare it to the previous year to kind of get a normality. I would definitely expect, based on some of the programs that have gone through, are going through for us in September and December, that March will be down, I would say, quite a bit. I don't know if I want to use the word significantly because we are not always sure of what programs are going to be happening out there, and it seems like the military activity on a worldwide basis is pretty brisk right now. So there's all kinds of things that surprise us sometimes on what programs come back and requiring more product.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: And is the typical seasonality for the other two portions of that first cut segments to be an offset seasonally in those March and June quarters?
Jon Olson: Yeah, generally, the industrial, scientific and medical is a little bit softer in the summertime leading into September. Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. But yes, there's going to be offsets there. There's going to be offset in automotive. Our automotive business, while it grew this quarter, September quarter we do expect next year for it to grow quite significantly. And Moshe talked about some of the drivers earlier on that one. So yes, we do see offsets in that category test and measurement. Again that can be sometimes choppy. We do expect some growth there as well.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: If I could sneak one more in really quickly. Can you just walk us through why the inventory coming down is going to weigh on the gross margin? And just how did the inventory get so high to begin with? I think it's at an all-time record as far as I can tell. Then I'll go away. Thanks.
Jon Olson: Yeah. It's definitely higher on a dollar -- forget the days part for a minute because that's a mathematic or arithmetic calculation, it involves our cost of sales number. But if you look at the absolute balance of net inventory, it is higher than we would have liked to have it. And if you recall back a few quarters ago, we made probably, now a year ago, we said that we were going to start to grow inventory for two reasons. One is we wanted to make sure we had adequate supply for the peaks of 28-nanometer, specifically in the wireless segment. And think of China in that particular area. And number two, our primary foundry building -- our foundry building 28-nanometer product was going to be constrained, and we wanted to build ahead of that constraint to make sure we had adequate inventory. So we built up a significant amount of safety stock.  When this volatility started to happen in the China wireless, because of logistics constraints of other products, we had built up an overshot, if you will, the amount of safety stock that we needed to build. And so we started to cut our wafers a quarter or two ago, and the effect of that is, as the outs happen from the foundry, that effect is going to start December and March for us. So what that really means is, from a, why-is-there-margin impact, is we built up inventory a lot. We built up some products effectively several quarters ago at slightly higher cost. Costs are reflected at actual costs. And as that moves through inventory and out as reduced inventory, you end up having to flesh out some of the more expensive inventory. And you are seeing some downward margin pressure. Again, as you look at the whole year time period you are going to see right at our expectations, maybe even a little higher. We said 68% to 70% and now we are forecasting 69% to 70%. So the overall business model thesis is intact. There are some fluctuations driven by the inventory build and decline.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Joe Meares – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: This is Joe Meares calling in for Will Stein. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, understanding that you are not going to be forecasting out beyond the quarter, there has been some expectation for increased weakening the macro environment. I just wondered if you could give Xilinx's view there.
Jon Olson: Yes. That's not without notice on our part, as the European GDP forecast continue to go down and I would say quite a bit of volatility and toughness in the U.S. China actually has been the source of strength for us, not just the wireless piece but also industrial side. And Japan has been kind of okay for us on a year-on year basis. There's a lot of activity going on there that can put some pressure, particularly on CapEx, in the comms space. We alternately feel good and not so good about what's going on there with respect to some of our customers and the effect that they are having, it is having on them. But to balance that out, Joe, there is certainly strength in our new product growth, which, as companies produce new products and start to ramp new products, even in this macro situation we end up selling a lot of products because we have increased content going in some of these pieces of equipment. So we do think we have some counterbalance to the macro effect. And that's why we are still forecasting growth in the second half of our fiscal year. Obviously, any sort of very large scale macro collapse would impact us just like everybody else. We're not immune to that.
Joe Meares – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: That's very helpful, thank you. And just as a follow-up, I guess if you could give any comment on demand trends in the channel? And that's it for me.
Jon Olson: Yeah. Demand trends in the channel, our smaller customers continue to be a little on the weak side, as they have been throughout the year. Our overall distribution revenue though is still, because of the new product effect has been on an upward trend. But some of the I'll say smaller customers, large customer balance is still, you know, we are still seeing the effect of slightly more business coming from the larger customers than smaller customers.
Joe Meares – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: That's very helpful. Thanks again.
Jon Olson: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ian Ing with MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian Ing – MKM Partners: Thanks. First question, ultra-scale 20 nanometers, any data on yield improvements, how that's comparing to 28 nanometers? And also for 28, any manufacturing cost reductions that remain at this point? Thanks.
Moshe Gavrielov: So, ultra-scale is doing extremely well both in terms of product introduction on the midrange, which we led with, and the high-end. And we are about to deliver the ultra-high-end solutions to our customers. With regards to defect density and maturity of the products, it's ahead of where we were at the same point in time at 28-nanometer. And 28-nanometer was very smooth introduction for us. But 20-nanometer, and this is the second-generation we have done with TSMC, has been extremely smooth.  So it's going really well. And it's moving into production on all fronts. And the defect densities are ahead of where the 28-nanometer was at that same point in time. The product quality is even higher than what the 28-nanometer was at an equivalent point in time. So for us this is as smooth an introduction as we have ever seen or actually smoother than we've seen, both in terms of the product design in the manufacturing flow.
Jon Olson: I'll make a comment on 28-nanometer. 28-nanometer, we are certainly very pleased with where we are on a defect density basis, which is the biggest driver of cost reductions typically. We aren't down to our lowest level or our lowest expectation yet, but we're doing extremely well there. But that being said, there are always things we are working on relative to reducing packages and test times and things like that. So we still believe we have some more cost wring out on 28-nanometer, however we -- a lot of the cost reduction has already been reflected.
Ian Ing – MKM Partners: Yes. And then for the wired business I know you said there's some program timing issues that have been impacting you. But are you confident it's going to be a better environment? It seems the telecom spending environment is not exactly robust in the developed markets. So, just your thoughts on that going forward.
Jon Olson: Yes. I mean I think we have counted on wired CapEx being a little more favorable than it -- I mean historically we've said very positive things about the CapEx environment. But it really hasn't come true quite the way we thought. But again we have an increased content level at some of the very large communications manufacturers and in certain of their new products with our 28-nanometer generation, both broadly with the very high-end Virtex parts and Zynq, additive to what we already have with, I'll say, regular Virtex and our Kintex lines. So we are expecting the new product growth to help -- be additive to us despite the mixed CapEx spending environment.
Ian Ing – MKM Partners: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unverified Participant: This is Joe on for Chris. Thanks for letting me ask a question. So the first question, do you guys have any visibility into hardware versus software for base station upgrades? And if you would talk about maybe the content opportunities relative to each other and any shift between the two going forward, I'd appreciate it.
Jon Olson: I think we are generally seeing hardware deployments, not conversion of existing base stations via software to make those deployments, really not seeing a great deal of that happening. It's really a lot of new base stations and a lot of new radio heads associated with that. Again, the frequencies are radically different. You do need different radio heads. You do need different software implemented in the FPGA. And then we also have Zynq going forward. So, we really aren't subscribing to the point that there's software upgrades going on in that market, to a large degree.
Unverified Participant: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And then just as my follow-up, just to follow on to the question about the channel, can you talk about inventories in the channel? And then do you guys have a good grasp on inventories, especially in China? Any color there would be appreciated.
Jon Olson: Yes, our inventories have been pretty lean in the channel. And in fact, the inventory management logistics relationship we have with Avnet is quite good and quite -- and we work together to keep it very lean. So it's not always indicative of what their businesses are not, in other words, what our inventory balance is with them doesn't necessarily imply good or bad business on expectations on their part as we do have this really tight coupling of logistics. But I would say overall, from an inventory in the channel or inventory at customers across our broad set of end-markets, other than the wireless lumpiness that we've had with excess inventories and a little bit at a few customers in wired, we generally do not see inventory building in the channel across our broad base of end-markets outside of some of the comms areas.
Rick Muscha: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay, certainly. Your last question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur – JPMorgan: I think you brought up a good point of China being more than just wireless. So how did the China industrial segment trend in the September quarter? And how are you seeing that here in the December quarter?
Jon Olson: So generally China industrial has been on a positive trend throughout the year, and we do expect that to continue to show strength. And the penetration across a variety of applications that are vision-related or scientific and medical, which is a huge new opportunity for China's manufacturers to serve that market, we are getting really good uptake in those particular categories. They are building; their industrial base is obviously expanding in China. And there's more manufacturers that are local manufacturers that are contributing equipment to that versus them importing equipment from other areas. So we are participating in that ramp as well. So all in all, we have been pretty positive in that area. It's definitely a source of growth for us in the industrial, scientific and medical category.
Harlan Sur – JPMorgan: Good to hear. And then data center was a bright spot within your comms business in the second quarter. What were some of the applications that drove this growth? And then how are some of the new applications like workload acceleration and enterprise SSD controllers shaping up to be potential meaningful contributors on a go-forward basis?
Jon Olson: The biggest area of growth this last quarter was storage. And that has been our largest individual contributing revenue area to this point in time, even though the acceleration business and the switch integration capabilities in the data center are other big areas for us that are emerging and we have an increasing number of design wins there; we just don't have the growth in revenue yet. That will come next year. So it's really been -- more of the growth right now has been around storage. And we do anticipate next year to have these other two categories grow more significantly.
Harlan Sur – JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Rick Muscha: Okay. Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 will be Wednesday, January 21, after market close. This quarter we will be presenting at the Barclays Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 10. In addition, please do save the date for our 2015 analyst meeting on March 10 in New York. More details to follow. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Director of Finance Moshe Gavrielov - CEO Jon Olson - CFO
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Chris Hemmelgarn - Barclays Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.  Anil Doradla - William Blair William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ian Ing - MKM Partners Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Goodman - CLSA Americas LLC Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Romit Shah - Nomura
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Lyann and I'll be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the June quarter and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information as currently available and actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It could be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. The quarter was characterized by strong profitability, although revenue was slightly below our guidance. Xilinx sales were $613 million, down 1% sequentially. The two primary end markets contributing to the shortfall versus our expectation were China LTE and aerospace and defense.  Total wireless revenue was significantly down -- excuse me -- was slightly down primarily due to a lower than anticipated 28-nanometer sales to China LTE base station manufacturers.  Sales from these customers were below our expectations due to some balancing of component inventory. LTE deployment outside of China remained healthy, and as a result we had better than expected shipment of our 40-nanometer and 65-nanometer technology.  Aerospace and defense was weaker primarily due to the timing of certain key programs moving into the September quarter. We are confident that this segment will see a very significant rebound in the September quarter.  Wired communications sales were up and better than anticipated driven by enterprise networking OTN and access business. The Industrial, Scientific and Medical segment rebounded nicely as expected. New products increased 6% sequentially driven by both Virtex 6, Spartan 6 growth. Turns were 47% for the quarter. Gross margin was 69.1% for the quarter, higher than forecasted due primarily to product mix. We also continue to make good progress in cost improvement across our new product families, particularly in yield and backend expenses.  Operating expenses were $217 million including amortization of $2.4 million, slightly below lower than forecasted due to variable expenses related to lower revenue and lower stock-based compensation expense.  Other income and expense was a net expense of $6 million better than forecasted mainly due to the higher -- to higher interest income on our investment portfolio. Net income for the quarter was $173.6 million or $0.62 per diluted share.  Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $130 million before $9 million in CapEx during the quarter. Operating cash flow was impacted by higher working capital requirement due to the timing of receivables and payables along with higher inventory level.  Diluted shares for the quarter were 282 million shares. This was 4 million less than the forecasted due to the impact of a lower stock price and increased buyback activity during the quarter. There was a 9 million share dilutive effect from the convertible note. We continue to be committed to returning cash to shareholders and during the quarter we stepped up our buyback activity repurchasing 2.1 million shares for $100 million. We also paid a record $77 million in quarterly dividend.  Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments decreased $53 million to approximately $3.6 billion. We have $600 million in convertible debt and $1 billion in fixed rate debt resulting in a net cash position of approximately $2.0 billion. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution increased as we forecasted. The total inventory days are 135, up from 115 days in the prior quarter. As you recall earlier this year, we have got safety stock particularly in 28-nanometer to ensure sufficient supply to meet our demand outlook. We expect inventories to remains at these elevated levels through December and then begin to decline.  Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the September quarter fiscal year 2015. Our backlog heading into the quarter is slightly down sequentially. We expect wired and wireless communications to be down in the September quarter.  The leading factors driving the decrease in wireless sales are a delay in our expectations for the next phase of China LTE deployment and absorption of inventory at key customers. We currently anticipate wireless sales to increase meaningfully into December and March quarters. After posting its highest sales level in nearly two years, wired communication is expected to decline sequentially in the September quarter. We expect industrial and aerospace and defense segment to be up significantly driven by aerospace and defense. Broadcast, Consumer and Others expected to be flat sequentially. As a result, we are expecting total sales for the September quarter to be flat to down 4%. The midpoint of this guidance is predicated on a turns ratio of approximately 48%.  Gross margin is expected to be approximately 70% as we benefit from customer mix during the quarter. Operating expenses in the September quarter are expected to be approximately $236 million including $2.5 million of amortization of acquisition related intangibles. The majority of this increase is related to R&D mask and tape-out expense for 20-nanomenter technology.  Other income and expense for the September quarter is expected to be a net expense of approximately $7 million and share count is expected to be approximately flat. The tax rate for the September quarter is expected to be approximately 13%. Now let me comment on changes for fiscal year 2015 expectation. We remain confident in our broad base of 28-nanometer growth opportunities and believe this family will demonstrate strong growth in fiscal year 2015. However, the ramp will be slower than previously anticipated. The key drivers for this change are the pace of China LTE deployment and a slower than expected ramp in wired communications.  As a result, we expect our total revenue to be up approximately 5% for the fiscal year. This forecast is predicated on increased China wireless sales in the December and March quarters as key customer inventories are absorbed in the next phase of LTE deployment begin.  Gross margin will be mix dependent in the December and March quarters, but we remain comfortable with our fiscal year 2015 gross margin guidance of 68% to 70%. Operating expenses will be lower than anticipated as we manage the business appropriately to focus on superior next-generation product development and execution within a disciplined financial framework.  R&D expense for the year is expected to be approximately $530 million and SG&A expense approximately $380 million. Other income and expense will be a net expense of approximately $28 million, down from the prior guidance of $34 million due to better returns from our investment portfolio. And the tax rate is expected to be approximately 13%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. While we are disappointed with top line during this June quarter, our continued focus on profitability drove significant increases in both gross and operating margin to 69.1% and 33.7% respectively, resulting in earnings per share of $0.62. Following the March quarter we had 28-nanometer sales increased 40% to more than $140 million. 28-nanometer sales exceeded $130 million in the June quarter. This slight pullback was forced by a temporary pause in China LTE activity. Despite this pause, we remain very confident that the 28-nanometer nodes will continue to be the most successful node in our history, served as the growth driver for the company for several years. We are still in the early phases of 28-nanometer revenue growth, the very large number of design wins being converted to revenue over the next several years across a very broad range of markets. Consequently, we expect 28-nanometer growth to resume in the second half of our fiscal year with meaningful contributions from new LTE orders and more rapid growth from a host of ramps and design wins in markets including wired communication and data center and industrial.  Given our current disability of these ramps, we are revising our fiscal year 2015 28-nanometer sales target to be approximately $600 million. A proven formula for successful execution established the 28-nanometer continues to yield excellent results to 20-nanometer, the UltraScale family. Kintex UltraScale, the industry’s first 20-nanometer device been in the market since November -- per our largest customer is providing us with more than six months advantage over competitive product. During the quarter, we began shipping our Virtex UltraScale All Programmable FPGA, industry's only high-end product offering in 20-nanometer. This family provides our customers with unprecedented level -- system-level performance and integration, that enables the displacement of another class of ASICs and ASSPs. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura. Your line is open. Romit Shah, your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. I appreciate it. On the China LTE, how do you think about how much it is the supply issue versus the demand issue? In other words, is this just a another pause in a broader built out or is the -- the demand continues to be okay, maybe they preordered some of the components ahead of what is really continue to build. Could you give us any color on that, that would be great? Thanks.
Jon Olson: Yeah. Jim, I think this past quarter, our fiscal Q1 quarter was little more on the inventory side as, I think you recall, we had a huge shipment to them in the March quarter and some of the -- the situation with supply chain overall with other suppliers certainly has challenged some of the OEMs in China.  So, I think I would characterize our fiscal Q1 as being a little more on the supply side and the fiscal Q2 more -- a little more being on the delay side of when phase III is going to hit, although there is still little bit of inventory rebalancing going on in that.  So, it's probably the -- I don’t know if I can really handicap a percentage, but each of those quarters but that’s how I would describe it. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: And I guess for my follow-up, I'd stand on that same topic, are we seeing any of the kind of incomplete kitting dynamic that we've seen in prior cycles? In other words, I don’t think PLDs are the longest lead-time or the things where the lead-times have stretched the most. But we know things like RF have stretched quite a better. Are we seeing customers order the entire kit waiting for the longest lead-time item or is that really not part of the supply dynamic in this cycle?
Jon Olson: Well, I do think that they were trying to make -- generally trying to get their supply chain solidified and they have placed orders on us to make sure that we have supply and in some cases they took that. They took those parts though, if they wouldn’t get -- if they were short of some of other parts that they kept, then I would say, yes, they are -- in some cases have been ordering partial kits, if you will, to make sure that they could try to build when they got the full building materials.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Very helpful. Thank you so much. Good luck.
Moshe Gavrielov: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO: Hi, thank you. Jon in the past you have talked about your sense of how many base stations have been built. So where are we in the build from China Mobile? And I think you've also talked about your expectation for what the other carriers you will be building out?
Jon Olson: Yeah, so our best information is they are in -- have been through this June period in the neighborhood of 300,000 base stations built from the China Mobile perspective. And I think some of the differences in our thought process is when they were going to beyond the 400-500 into the next phase and that seems to have pushed out into calendar 2015 now. And so think they are in the process of getting to their 400-500 between now and the end of the calendar year. And then with respect to FD, the FD phase is still not well understood in terms of when that will begin. We're still counting on that to have some impact for us in our December quarter as builds will happen ahead of deployment, obviously.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO: So then what gives you the confidence than that you would see a rebound in the second half of the fiscal year in the wireless business?
Jon Olson: Yeah, I think it's really talking to -- individually to each of the customers and the carriers. We've had multiple visits over the last three weeks and that -- of both the manufacturers and the carriers and this is our best sense of what's going on.  I mean, as inventory is depleted the kits are fully deployed as the shortages dry up than we would expect a rebound from that and then also an impact for Phase III which is the next way from China Mobile. So those two effects together should provide us a second half increase.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Chris Hemmelgarn - Barclays: Thanks very much for taking the question. This is Chris Hemmelgarn on for Blayne. Just first of all, could you talk a little bit about where you think your share is for 28 and I guess kind of what your -- obviously, it's down a little bit in the June quarter. But do you expect that to continue to decline in the September or do you expect a rebound in the 28-nanometer revenue?
Moshe Gavrielov: If you look at the past fiscal year which ended in March, our share grew significantly over the year and actually for the whole year it was over 70%. And our prediction for this quarter is over $130 million and that should put us in the high-60s in terms of percentage. But, you know that depends, of course, on what the competition does there. But, no, we are confident in the exceeding $130 million and remaining well ahead. And we expect it to continue to restart its accelerated growth in the December quarter. So this quarter and the next quarter 28-nanometer revenue will be relatively flattish and then we expect it to grow in the December quarter and the March quarter and to yield overall $600 million, which is the new target for the year. And, no, you couldn’t do the arithmetic on what the market share will be then based on whatever you predict as the companies will ship 28-nanometers.
Jon Olson: Yeah, Chris. If I can add another little color to that, if you think about what's happened here in this flat spot on 28-nanometer, it's really been driven very largely by Kintex the mid-range because of China Wireless where we have very, very strong market share, which we still -- I believe we'll be maintaining throughout this particular cycle. And if you look inside some of the other product families, as well, test and measurement was down some, and so that impacted the very high end of Virtex. But the other, broad based Virtex parts grew quite nicely throughout the quarter, which is one of the reasons our wired business is up, as well. So, we’re getting really good traction across the Board in our product families in 28-nanometer. And what you're really seeing is the effect of China on the Kintex family, which takes so many parts into the radios and base bands.
Chris Hemmelgarn - Barclays: That's really helpful. Thanks so much. Then just as a quick follow-up. Obviously a strong gross margin quarter and continuing in September. Can you just talk about your expectations for the trend throughout the fiscal year? Can you continue at these high levels, or does that pull back a bit?
Jon Olson: Yes, as I said, 68% to 70% is still our full year forecast. And I think when we talked about this a quarter ago, we did talk about the potential of having it hit 70% at some point, depending on what mix is going on there. We’re forecasting to be at the top end of the range in our fiscal Q2 and it will be mix-dependent. So, for example, if wireless ticks up, it will have some downward pressure. So, it really depends on the mix of other customers or other end markets, whether it's sustained, but, again, our forecast is to be in the 68% to 70% range.
Chris Hemmelgarn - Barclays: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hi. Good afternoon. How much room do you have to further cut operating expense if the rebound that you expect from TD-LTE starting in the December quarter does not materialize?
Jon Olson: Yes, so we've taken a position, as I said in the remarks, to be at the low end of our previous range. We're certainly looking broadly across the company for, I would say, typical kind of belt-tightening opportunities to help balance out some of the top line change and therefore, overall profitability changes in our full year outlook. However, we remain committed to developing -- to continue the 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer development programs. We will not be slowing those down and cutting those back. So, we have some other things that are under consideration and we're looking at as alternatives if we need to do something. But we aren't going to change our fundamental approach of developing and getting new technology out as fast as possible.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then if I look at the mix by node from China between you and your competitor, do you expect that mix to change as orders rebound starting in the December quarter, more toward 28-nanometer? Or do you think that the mix of ordering patterns from Huawei between 65, 40, and 28 will remain the same as in the next investment wave for TD-LTE?
Jon Olson: Yes, we believe that there will be a bias towards conversion of certain sockets that are in older technologies at 28-nanometer in certain manufacturers in China, which is to our benefit. So, I think that premise is still what we believe and the same premise that we've had all along. We do believe that as the year moves forward, we'll continue to gain a little more share there.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anil Doradla from William Blair. Your line is open.
Anil Doradla - William Blair: Hey guys, couple questions. Why was the inventory build-up by now -- I mean we get these things in waves and cycles. Was there anything unique about the inventory build-up this time with the Chinese customer? Or was it pretty much in line with what you've seen in the past? And then I have a follow-up.
Jon Olson: Well, I think the unique part, Anil, was a little more the shortage issue and I think, the supply chain dynamic with the Chinese manufacturers to make sure they could secure enough supply from people. And we got caught in the -- we built a lot; they took a lot. And some of the other suppliers didn't build up to the request and so we're getting the effect of that. Is this different than the past? I don't know how to compare it to any point in time in the future -- or excuse me, in the past, relative to that. It is what it is right now. I don't know that I can compare it to the 3G wave in any way.
Anil Doradla - William Blair: And stepping back, looking at the big picture, to a skeptic, one might say that the last time we had this 3G wave was -- Beijing Olympics was supposed to be big on 3G. Well, it took almost four years before we saw it. To a skeptic who questions the premise that the trajectory on China 4G is perhaps right here and now, or over the next six to 12 months -- it's not that, but it's more like over the next two years. How would you react to that?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, the expectation is that it will be a three-year deployment. That is in line with previous generations. This is a massive deployment; it's a huge country and it's being deployed in several waves. The previous wave had about six cycles to it, and we wouldn't be surprised if this one has a similar multiple cycles. And the next one counts as number three, in the way we're think. And then the previous generation was one carrier, albeit the biggest one, this one has all three carriers. And the other two smaller ones are expected to start a little later and with a different -- the FD approach, largely. And as a result, the expectation is that it will continue to be a multi-year rollout. And in terms of the peak, depending on exactly when these other two carriers go into their broader deployment, but we can't expect the peak to be in calendar 2015, but for the deployment to continue well beyond calendar 2015. And that would be very much in line with the previous facts, right, as opposed to the conjecture, which may have assumed that it happened faster.
Anil Doradla - William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust Robinson. Your line is open.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks. Thanks for taking my question. Regarding the China LTE inventory, I'm hoping you can give us some view as to where you see the inventory build. Has it been in component distribution, or at the contract manufacturers, at the OEMs themselves, or maybe even at the carrier, at China Mobile? Any visibility into that would be helpful.
Jon Olson: Yes, well, our best understanding of this is at the OEM manufacturer, whether they're doing it themselves or they're using a contract manufacturer. And the portion where they're waiting for other components, that's where that sits. Relative to how many base stations are sitting in OEMs' warehouses; I really don't have a good view of that. I think that is not as big of an issue after we work through the early part of the summer than it was before that beforehand.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. And then if I can ask one follow-up about the gross margin improvement in the quarter. If you were a completely vertically integrated manufacturer, I'd be highlighting the inventory build as probably a driver here, but I'm not sure it's the case with your company. Maybe you can help me understand whether the inventory build sequentially helped gross margin in the quarter.
Jon Olson: Yes, the inventory build did not help gross margin, in our case, since we do purchase wafers and have them assembled and tested. The inventory was really representing the cost of the work in process of the wafers we purchased. So, we don't have any spending that gets built up in inventory as a result of factory expenses, if you will, because we're on our purchase price variance issue -- or variance process with the wafer purchases. So, that was not the driver. The driver on a quarter-to-quarter basis was cost reductions with lower yield. So, we were essentially purchasing units, if you will, or the cost of the unit was lower on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So that's why there was a quarter-to-quarter improvement. And then versus our expectations for the quarter, it was really more around mix. We sold less into the wireless business than we had anticipated and more into a few other end markets that pushed gross margin up a little.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah, good afternoon, Moshe and Jon. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Guys, first, just a clarification, I'm just trying to figure out what's going on in China for you guys, relative to other players. And I know these data points don't always line up exactly. But TI, Sanima (ph), Ericsson, ZTE all relatively positive commentary around the TD-LTE base station deployment in China. You guys talking more about a pause. Do you think that this is specific to you guys? Or do you think as the earnings season goes on, we'll hear more and more about the pause in China?
Jon Olson: Yes, I don't know what others are going to say, quite frankly. And I think what we're calling a pause is from -- there's two things going on here again, John. One is there was a lot of inventory -- Xilinx inventory, purchased by the OEMs that was built up. And there's not a total match in their supply chain for what they're doing. So, that's part of the story. The second part of the story around a pause, it was a pause for us versus our expectations. I think, as Moshe characterized a little earlier, there was a view that there was going to be a very, very rapid deployment in China. And this Phase III that we're talking about, we thought was going to happen a quarter or so sooner than it actually is happening. Whether we were misinformed or what other companies think about that, I really can't comment on that. I really don't know that. But I do know, versus our expectations, its coming -- this Phase III is coming later than we had anticipated.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Jon, that's helpful. And then, Moshe, maybe as my follow-up question, a little bit longer-term question. You guys talked about some operating expenses ramping because of 20-nanometer. I wonder if you can give us an update on FinFET. There's clearly a lot of controversy out there on when TSMC might get there versus guys like Samsung, GLOBALFOUNDRIES. How comfortable are you still with your timeline around FinFET? And if you had to change course and go with a different foundry vendor, could you? How easily could that be done? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: We are delighted with the progress of TSMC. As best we can tell, we are on -- they're on schedule and they have numerous other users of the technology who actually, in this case, will even be ahead of us. So, there really is no issue, in our mind, on the availability of the FinFET from TSMC. And, if anything, we've heard significant delays with other players, is that we're not seeing, that, and they are hitting all of their milestones; and so far, so good. So, there is no issue there with regards to their execution. In 16, 28 and the 20; and, as best we can tell, at 16, and they're doing 16 in two cycles. They're doing a FinFET and they're doing the FinFET Plus version, and we're going to be using the FinFET Plus version. And -- so, we're benefiting from all of their development at this point in time.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Thanks, Moshe. I appreciate it.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing from MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners: Yes, thanks for letting me ask question. So, for industrial, aerospace, and defense, it looks like its 18% below prior peak, so we're probably in the middle stages of a semiconductor recovery cycle. So, do you think you get back to peak run rates in the coming quarters if it's really just an aerospace and defense program timing issue? Or have some sockets maybe moved on to some other activities?
Jon Olson: Yes, I don't know that I can -- I haven't really studied exactly where the peak is at what level. But I think we're going to see a very significant increase because of these key programs that we know that are on the books to spend the money this quarter in aerospace and defense. Last quarter there was a lot of trying to understand why we were an outlier on the pure industrial, scientific, and medical side. That rebounded very nicely. We do expect that to be strong again in the September quarter, with aerospace and defense on top of it growing very significantly. Not sure that we'll get to a peak. But it will certainly be back on -- in that neighborhood, if you will, in that general range, in the September quarter.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners: Great. And as a follow-on to an earlier question, how much of the 4G base station opportunities still haven't switched over to 28-nanometers? And does that largely switch over with Phase III and China Mobile?
Jon Olson: It's really -- it's very different by manufacturer. I think we've said in the past, we've won about 80% of the sockets. How long certain manufacturers -- the ones that are still using older technologies, hang onto older technologies, it's hard to -- from a China perspective -- is hard to handicap, quite frankly. I would say the lion's share of what's shipped in China is certainly 28-nanometer.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners: Okay, so it's a gradual process, still. Okay, thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Jon, Moshe, is it fair to assume that for growth in your December and March quarters, that you are depending on the FD-LTE deployment to take off? And if yes, how should we think about the number of base stations that could be deployed in those two quarters for FD-LTE?
Jon Olson: Yes, I think on the -- what we're counting on and the second half is clearly the Phase III build to start happening for China Mobile, which is still TD. And we're counting on, I would say, a modest beginning of the FD cycle.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I see.
Jon Olson: In terms of numbers of base stations on FD, I think we're talking about, over the cycle and the time period, to be approaching 0.5 million, but this is just going to be the beginning of that. And as Moshe talked about, later this continues on a more steady basis through 2015 and 2016.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, should we then think, Jon, that by the time you get to your December and March quarters that you should be running at the same sort of normalized levels in your communications business that you were in the March or June quarter of this year? Is it a recovery back to those levels? Or do you think it could be -- by the time we get to the back half of your year, we could still be looking at year-on-year growth.
Jon Olson: Well, March was such a crescendo, and June was down from that in China, so I don't know what normalized is, Vivek. I hesitate to make a statement and mislead you, because I'm not even sure what's normalized. The variability around the China business is continued. We do expect both the December and March quarter to be larger -- excuse me, the December to March quarter to be larger than September. Will it be larger -- and probably larger than the June quarter as well, but I don't know how to answer the normalized part of it.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And one last question, if I may. Could you remind us again of the launch timing of your 16-nanometer and the 20-nanometer products? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: So, the 20-nanometer, both families are now available. The initial tape out was of Kintex, that is moving into production and we're sampling the Virtex product line. We're -- and the feedback we have is that we have a minimum of a six month's lead based on any competitive product. On the 16-nanometer -- this is FinFET, we're on schedule to tape out in Q1 of calendar year 2015. And what has happened is that we have revised our roadmap to better align with customer requirements and specifications. So, originally, we had expected to tape out by the end of the year. We're now expecting to tape out our first 16-nanometer device in the first quarter of 2015.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from CLSA. Your line is open.
Ryan Goodman - CLSA Americas LLC: Hey, thanks for taking the question. This is Ryan Goodman in for Srini. So, another question on China LTE. I understand that it sounds like the primary driver was a push-out in the second leg of the Phase III build and inventory digestion. I'm curious, though, if you saw any changes in the competitive dynamics over in China, just as your competitor is ramping up on their 28-nanometer solutions.
Jon Olson: Not really. I think there was probably some pressure around pricing from a perspective of holding onto older technologies and delaying the conversion to 28-nanometer, which would've been to our benefit. And there's been a little bit more of that activity going on. But I wouldn’t call it so severe that it really changes our expectations that much. But, nothing really on 28-nanometer competitive front that’s different than our previous expectations.
Moshe Gavrielov: We continue to be supremely confident in our market share position on 28-nanometer, in particular on China LTE, nothing has changed in that regard, best we call tell.
Ryan Goodman - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Okay, great. And then for a follow-up, you talked about the inventory levels going on in China. Can you talk just about some of the other markets like Industrial or Wireline? Are you seeing normal inventory levels at the customers out there or is there any risk of a similar dynamic playing out in couple of quarters? Just any color you could add there?
Jon Olson: Yeah, individual customers has always a period of where they particularly -- they take inventory to do proto builds before they go get certified. Again, this is heavy -- I'm talking about wired communications equipment that requires all those certifications. So there is always some lumpiness, if you will, in an individual customer. But we've seen a couple of really strong quarters out of wired, strong quarters out of our 28-nanometer product family, which again is a very positive sign for us in converting sockets that were previously ASICs and ASSPs to FPGAs. All those things are on track. We really aren’t seeing in other end markets any appreciable inventory build I would say on an industry wide basis. And again, individual customers can have their particular issues from time-to-time.
Ryan Goodman - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you look back over the last couple of quarters and you look at what preceded that inventory accumulation. Did you guys have any kind of lead-time extensions or is there anything -- I'm trying to -- is there anything you can identify that would have led to an accumulation other than just the customer being a little bit too optimistic?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, no, we've -- we anticipated the potential of having this not look like a 3G rollout, meaning it was going to go a lot faster and so we had built up safety stock which is why our inventory balances are higher than we would normally have them. So we have built up in advance and we communicated to the customers that we had adequate supply to meet their forecast. And that -- in the end, they took whatever they thought they wanted to have and in some cases we believe they took more of our inventory than they actually ultimately needed.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Moshe Gavrielov: I don’t see -- there were no signs and no -- nothing that, I think, we could have done any differently on the inventory front.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Okay, great. And then with regards to the industrial aerospace and defense that business has gyrated a lot. It was growing over 30% a few quarters ago and the slowed down. Now it looks like ex-defense really sort of start picking back up. Was there any kind of inventory dynamic around that movement -- that sort of excess that you saw in the mid part of last year, the slowdown and then snap back from that?
Jon Olson: Well, clearly, part of our explanation for the March quarter was -- and industrial, scientific and medical was related to some key customers that had inventory build-up that they were bleeding off. And then those customers bought inventory this past quarter, the June quarter.  And so we did experience that and that was the reason that we were different, I think, than some of our peers. It was customer -- specific customer related more than anything else. At this point in time we aren’t seeing any real build up in the ISM category. And a Aerospace, defense is all program related really, so it's not the same kind of a business model.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura. Your line is open
Romit Shah - Nomura: Yeah. Thanks a lot. Jon, it's my understanding that revenues have missed the midpoint of guidance two out of the last three quarters and it's been a little surprising given that we perceive you guys to be gaining share and beneficiary both LTE spending a better economy.  So can you just talk a little bit about what's been the challenge in terms of forecasting on a quarter-over-quarter basis, because it doesn’t seem like this was an issue last year?
Jon Olson: Yeah, Romit, it's very interesting observation. You've kind of put a mirror right up to us here on that one. And you are right, we have missed, and it's really -- quite frankly, it's been in two areas, and the two areas we talk about this time, China LTE and aerospace and defense. And we have certainly ridden a bit of this roller coaster on the China LTE business, pretty much everything else we have relative to our end markets and other plans that we have made for the year seem to be working out just fine, but those two end markets have been difficult for us.  Aerospace and defense, while it does have a seasonal attribute to it where it’s typically lower in this summer like it is now and then accelerates in September and December. It has been a little more pronounced. And as we came off the Defense Department budget changes and before that the sequestration issue, there has been a lot of churn going on with respect to military contractors and the quality of some of the forecasts that, you know, we have been less than to our expectations.  And so, I don’t think it’s really any other broad base end market issue or customer issue, but we have struggled in getting to those forecast for China LTE and aerospace and defense in the last two or three quarters. And that pretty much explains why we've either missed or been at the low end of our range. 
Romit Shah - Nomura: And I guess, sitting here today, what's the confidence level that beyond fiscal 2015, you guys can get back to that 8% to 12% growth target? Or look at that target and say, yeah, that's the right way to think about our revenue growth.
Jon Olson: Yeah, from my perspective, it’s to me -- this is -- these are the kind of things CFOs do think about a lot and try to figure out what's really going on and what's our trajectory level. And while, we can talk about design wins and how big the dollars are and all of those kinds of things, it’s really around what are the big customer drivers, the big sockets that we have that should be delivering that kind of expansion to our SAM. And these are the sockets that are not traditionally FPGAs that we have won. And so I have gone back and I have checked on all of those businesses particularly in the wired area. Other end markets like test and measurement are going gangbusters on 28-nanometer. That's not really the issue. The growth is that communications side really, in a lot of places wireless and wired. And in every case the conversion and the SAM expansion activities that we have claimed are still on track. It's just happening slower than anticipated. So, that's what gives me confidence. I can't -- I don’t know how to communicate that to the audience here in any different way, other than a tremendous amount of activity tracking what we think are the key differentiators that are going to result in SAM expansion for us. And we really aren’t losing shares of 28-nanometer. If anything we are accelerating and winning more in the design win particularly in the SoC-based product and in wired communications side.
Romit Shah - Nomura: All right. Thank you. I appreciate your comments.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hi. Just a quick follow-up from the previous question. So, you mentioned that the ramp of TD-LTE in China had been more difficult to forecast that you had expected. You also mentioned during the Q&A that you over-shipped real end demand. So is it -- should we really assume that this is the end demand that's the problem? Or is there perhaps a discrepancy between the underlying infrastructure build and your revenue? And, if so, is it fair to assume that there is potentially a mix issue? I mean, we know that your market share is up year-over-year, so could there be something else, notably in terms of average ASPs that could be disappointing relative to the real end demand? 
Jon Olson: Yes, I think I would trying -- at least, if I understand the question correctly, Tristan, I was trying to answer that earlier in the call around the inventory imbalance that drove probably more of our issues in the June quarter overall, meaning the inventory balance of other component suppliers into the OEM, and the September quarter was more about the pace and the digestion of base stations in terms of the rollout for us.  So it is a combination of both. And again, I think, in the earlier part of the summer, it’s really more around the component balancing at our customers' inventory.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yes. I think what I meant is that you over-shipped and yet the past few quarters were disappointing. So is the end demand that much slower that what you initially predicted? Or is there a mix shift that’s happening?  Obviously, we are seeing much larger contribution from the mid-range than the high-end, and we know the ASPs are not the same? Are you seeing a big discrepancy in terms of your next shipments versus the revenues that you are posting over the last few quarters specific to TD-LTE?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay, let me try to that. I think Jon has tried twice. Let me -- there were two separate elements here. One is in the previous cycle there was a shortage of other components and as a result because the customers got everything they needed from us they are now absorbing that.  And -- but in terms of the number, that was not a disappointment for us. So the overall number was in line with what we had expected. But the -- with regards to the third phase which is about to start that is delayed and that is delayed in our estimate by about quarter vis-à-vis what we had expected. It's not in the overall number, it's just in the timing and we do expect that help drive the business and it should drive our business starting from the December quarter and that will generate renewed growth, driven by China LTE. Now, all of the other businesses are starting to catch up and actually Jon commented about the growth we've seen in wired communication in 28-nanometer and that’s growing at a slower rate, but it is happening. And that's more or less on track to continue over the next few quarters, right? So if you look the overall margin if you look at the overall margins, wherever there's a surge in wireless then you see a small dip in the overall margins and when there is a pause in wireless you see the margin go up at a faster rate. So that's what -- that explains that and it’s the tightest element or the thing that is the percentage of wireless business. But as Jon pointed out this is this is well beyond Kintex this point in time. We are shipping a lot all of the families this point including Virtex and that's actually growing relatively faster as opposed to Kintex which was primarily driven by wireless requirement. Does that help?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: It adds a lot of color. Thank you very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: And I have no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to you, Mr. Muscha. 
Rick Muscha: Great. Thanks for joining us today. We have playback of this call beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time, 8 PM Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter of fiscal year 2015 will be Wednesday, October 15th after the market close.  This quarter we will be presenting at the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York on September 3rd and the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on September 10th in Las Vegas.  This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Director of Finance Moshe Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer Jon Olson - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Company Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Ian Ing - MKM Partners Ryan Goodman - CLSA Americas LLC Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley & Company Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Company John Vinh - Pacific Crest Securities 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Rachel and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter and then we’ll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information as currently available and actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It could be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. Fiscal 2014 was a year marked by the phenomenal success of our 28-nanometer products which exceeded $380 million in sales, easily surpassing our revised target of $350 million. For the company as a whole, fiscal year sales were a record $2.4 billion increasing 10% from the prior fiscal year and enabling Xilinx to gain PLD segment share for the third consecutive fiscal year. We also achieved a record gross margin of 68.8% in fiscal 2014, up from 66% in the prior year. Operating margin also improved markedly to 31.4%, up from 26.8% in the prior fiscal year. Finally Xilinx continued to demonstrate a strong commitment to returning shareholder value through dividend increase and repurchase activity. We recently increased the quarterly dividend by $0.04 a share to $0.29 a share per quarter. In the fiscal year 2014, we paid a record $267 million in dividend and repurchased 5.2 million shares for $242 million. Additionally more favorable financial market conditions and a continued strong credit rating enabled Xilinx to issue $1 billion of senior notes using the proceeds to redeem our 2007 convertible notes. Turning now, I would like to now turn to discussion of the March quarter. Xilinx sales were $618 million, up 5% and at the high end of our forecasted range. 28-nanometer sales increased over 40% sequentially driven by particularly strong wireless activity in China. Kintex remains the largest product at the 28-nanometer node but sales growth from Virtex and Artix were also particularly strong. Zynq sales also increased after more than doubling last quarter. Sales from communications and data center were stronger than anticipated in the March quarter, both wired and wireless sales increased during the quarter with wireless sales posting a new record and wired sales at its highest level in six quarters. China LTE deployments were the most significant factor contributing to the record wireless revenue, but we also saw growth in other geographies during the quarter. Within wired communications, metro, access and data center applications were particularly strong. Virtex-7 design began to ramp during the quarter in area such as OTN access and SSDs. Infrastructure upgrades 100 gig and 400 gig and increased bandwidth requirements are driving many of these applications. Test and measurement business increased as forecasted. However, industrial and A&D sales were weaker than anticipated due primarily to weakness from a couple of large customers in the industrial and security area, as well as a broad-based weakness across our smaller account. Lastly, broadcast, consumer and automotive were down as forecasted related primarily to an expected decline in consumer business. Gross margin was 67.6% for the quarter, 40 basis points lower than forecasted entirely driven by customer mix. Operating expenses were $228 million including amortization of $2.5 million, slightly higher than anticipated due to stock-based compensation associated with the higher stock price during the quarter. In the March quarter we recorded a loss of approximately $10 million or $0.03 per diluted share associated with the redemption of our convertible debt. This one-time loss was related to the accounting treatment of the early call of the 2007 convertible notes. As a result of this loss, other income and expense was approximately $7 million higher than planned. Net income for the quarter was $156 million or $0.53 per diluted share including a $0.03 per diluted share impact associated with the previously mentioned debt redemption loss. Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $189 million before $14 million in CapEx during the quarter. Diluted shares for the quarter were 295 million shares. This was 6 million shares more than forecasted due entirely to the impact of the higher stock price. There was a 21.7 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes. The impact of the 2007 debt redemption will not be fully reflected in the diluted share count until Q1 of FY15. For questions related to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. We repurchased 1.4 million shares for $75 million during the quarter and 5.2 million shares for $242 million during the fiscal year. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments decreased $96 million to approximately $3.6 billion. We have $600 million in convertible debt and $1 billion in fixed rate debt resulting in a net cash position of approximately $2 billion. Inventory dollars at Xilinx increased by $27 million sequentially. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution were 115 days, up from a 114 days in the prior quarter. The growth in inventory is related to increasing safety stock on new products in anticipation of higher future demand. We expect inventory to increase again in Q1, FY15 as we anticipate strong demand for our new products in future quarters. Let me now turn to the discussion of guidance for the June quarter of fiscal year ‘15. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up double-digit sequentially, driven primarily by a few large wireless customers in the channel business. Coming off an exceptionally strong March quarter, we expect wireless to remain at these approximate record levels in the quarter, driven by continued China LTE activity. We also expect wired communications to be approximately flat as declines from a couple of large customers are offset by strength from enterprise, OTM and data center application. We expect the industrial and aerospace and defense segment to be approximately flat with increases from ISM offset by a decrease in aerospace and defense. Lastly, we expect broadcast, consumer and automotive to be up, driven by increases from AVB and automotive. We expect the new products category to continue to grow. Mainstream products are expected to be approximately flat and base products are expected to decline. As a result, we’re expecting total sales to be up 0% to 4% sequentially. The midpoint of this guidance is predicated on turns rate of approximately 50%. The lower than typical turns rate is driven by a strong beginning backlog from wireless and channel customers. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 68%. Operating expenses in the June quarter are expected to be approximately $220 million, including $2.5 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. Other income and expense for the June quarter is expected to be a net expense of approximately $8 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 286 million shares. The lower share count reflects a reduction of 8.8 million shares associated with the redemption of the convertible. The tax rate for the June quarter is expected to be between 13% and 14%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Good afternoon to you, all. I am gratified that Xilinx delivered both record revenue and record gross margin in fiscal year 2014. 10% growth in annual sales was driven by almost [for true claim] of our 28-nanometer sales. These exceeded $380 million for the year [completely] surpassing, both our initial forecast of $250 million and our recently revised target of $350 million. Similarly, our sequential growth in the March quarter was driven by exceptionally strong sales for our 28-nanometer product generation. This increased by more than 40% sequentially exceeding $140 million, both 40 and 28-nanometer product families achieved new record level. The growth was led by both our high performance Virtex-7 and our Kintex families with additional significant contribution from a high volume Artix-7 family from Zynq, the industry’s first (inaudible). Phenomenal success of our 28-nanometer product generation has enabled us to capture approximately 70% market share (inaudible) and grow our total PLD market share for the third consecutive fiscal year. In June quarter, we expect 28-nanometer sales to continue to grow driven by broad-based strength from all of end markets. We discussed at our Analyst Day in February, we have targeted 28-nanometer sales of over $700 million in fiscal year 2015. Our proven formula of success which has been undeniably delivered very broadly at 28-nanometer to ready yielding similar results to 20-nanometers with the UltraScale family. Again shipping functional sample of Kintex UltraScale the industry’s first 20-nanometer [design] in November these functional devices based on key customer feedback are extending our time to market lead to at least six months. Recently we have already both received and demonstrated functioning devices in-house for the first Virtex UltraScale product, this is the industry’s only high end family offering of 20-nanometer. With $700 million of revenue projected for 28-nanometer combined with technology leadership with total execution already demonstrated at 20-nanometer fiscal year 2015 promises to be an exciting year with even more share gain in both 86 ASPs and (inaudible). We now turn the call back to the operator for (inaudible) Q&A session.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). The first question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse:  Yes, good afternoon, guys and congratulations. Jon thanks for the color by end market for the June quarter expectations. I am just kind of curious relative to the China LTE build out do you think that this is a (inaudible) before reacceleration, is this sort of a peak level but a sustainable peak? And if you can help us understand what your level of business, what do you think that translates into quarterly base station deployments in China at current levels? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Yes, sure John. The -- it’s a several points I’d like to make about that. So clearly we had a really, really strong performance this quarter and this is driven by a very broad deployment by China Mobile, as well as the beginning of China Telecom deployments of the TDE LTE standard. And as best as we can tell I have a hard time giving you a quarterly deployment level, but we do believe that by the end of calendar ‘14 the China Mobile will have deployed upto 500,000 base stations in total at that point in time, so that’s a 500,000 since the beginning of their deployment in calendar ‘13 middle of ‘13 going forward to get to 500 million, excuse me 500,000 base stations. And China Telecom will be somewhere between a 100,000 and 200,000 base stations by the end of ‘14. So, there is still a lot of work and deployment left to be done the rest of the year just on the TDE standard. What hasn’t kicked in yet, really is the FDD standard and right now our best estimate of that is for the second half of this year sometime and I do believe that that’s an additive to the ramp that’s going on, on the TDE area, so while I am always hesitant to forecast where peaks and plateaus are in the business that has this kind of variability. I think there still is a lot of positive trends left for us throughout this year and into next year with respect to rolling out those standards.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then John when you look at the OpEx guidance for the fiscal first quarter and compare that to what the guidance you guys gave for the fiscal year at the Analyst Day, it implies a relatively steep ramp. I am just kind of curious, is that a statement about your expectation for future revenue growth as the fiscal year unfolds or are there sort of fixed cost that come into the model that we should be thinking about.
Jon Olson:  There really are not any changes from what we’ve said, at the Investor Day relative to our expectations on spending for the year or revenue or anything else quite frankly. We think we're on track to deliver what we’ve said, the spending decline quarter-on-quarter really is more of a reflection of lower level of tape-outs in the June quarter than there were in March and that still be increasing as we go through the year, as we continue to more rapidly tape-out 20 nanometer now that we have the first two parts Kintex and Virtex taped out and well on their way to customers. And we also have our annual focal activities, so salary increases going on beginning in the June quarter. So we expect to hit the numbers we’ve said which were R&D between 530 and 550 and SG&A between 380 and 400 for the year those are our estimates. And so you will see an increase in the June quarter of spending over those two factors, the focal salary increases as well as the tape-outs increasing.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse:  Perfect thanks guys.
Moshe Gavrielov: Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura Securities. Your line is open.
Jon Olson:  Hey Romit, are you there? I guess we should move on then. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Jon, how should we think about the gross margin trajectory this year? If communications continues to drive the growth should we be modeling gross margins closer to the 68% level or do you think it can get back to sort of closer to the 69% level as we go through the next couple of quarters.
Jon Olson: Yes, Vivek, we still are in the 68% to 70% range. We do believe gross margin will increase, gross margin percent will increase as we go through the year. What we're seeing right now is this disproportionate mix issue towards large customers and quite frankly towards the wireless business. And as two things happen both cost reductions that are continuing to kick in as we go throughout the year and a mix as ISM and A&D customers are comeback throughout the year and some seasonal and some individual customers issues going on right now. Those comeback, we expect gross margins to increase from the current forecast of 68%, as we go throughout the year. So, again nothing different than what we said on the Investor Day.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And maybe as a follow up for Moshe or Jon. You guys had a very strong year and fiscal ‘14 right growing double digit well ahead of your competitor. I'm wondering how much of that is share gain versus just the underlying PLD market sort of secular growth. And that I'm going with that as how should we just conceptually think about fiscal ‘15, is there anything that prevents you from going at a similar pace for fiscal ‘15 when you look at just the PLD initiative that you have spoken about and probably continued market share gains?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, if you think that we've projected 8% to 12%. We believe that when we have a virtuous product cycle as we clearly have now that enables us to shoot for the higher element at any point the compound growth is 8% to 12%. As we’ve said before, we have now delivered it one time in a row and we are delighted with actually meeting that projection. And we’re driving hard to continue, it’s difficult for us to project what the rest of the companies in the area will do, but we feel very confident with our product offering.
Jon Olson: I’ll just add one thing, we talked at the Investor Day and we have to talk about this for sometime our progress against ASSP and ASICs designs particularly in communication and we are now starting to see those contribute to revenue. So while share gains certainly contribute to our growth in 2014, I do think we’re earning against our (inaudible) competitor. I do think that we’ll continue to be able to grow the top-line as we penetrate some of those designs more fully from these alternative devices.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Chris Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much for taking my question. This is Chris Hemmelgarn on for Blayne. Just first one to follow-up on the pace of China LTE rollout you’re seeing. We’ve kind heard some rumors that there may be some extra ordering from some of the related, some of the bills, I am just curious if you guys are seeing that dynamic at all?
Moshe Gavrielov: We don’t really think we’re seeing anything that would be in design of double ordering or whatever, and most of it’s because we are the high valued part at the center of the universal radio [cards] in particular and then also on the baseband and backhaul. So we have really, really close logistics conversations with the primary OEMs there and we don’t think there is a pattern going on. We have talked about forecast variability, but they don’t always know exactly how many base stations they need to deliver every quarter and then they order more or less in any given quarter. So, we are not really seeing anything I would say radically different in the short-term ordering patterns, meaning within the 60 to 90 day horizon that would lead us to believe that there is that kind of activity going on that you asked about.
Chris Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital: That’s great. Thanks very much. And then just as a quick follow-up your main competitor had an announcement out about their 14-nanometer efforts at Intel today, just wondering if you could tell us a little more about timing of 16-nanometer plus for you guys just kind of when you expect that to hit and remind us of your comments on I guess relative scale versus Intel 14-nanometer?
Moshe Gavrielov:  So, we are making tremendous progress with TSMC, we are delighted with their [16 FS] plus this has enhanced transistor performance and -- best transistor performance in that entire generation of products. So, we are working very closely with them. We believe that the combination of elements which we have is going back and in fact foundry is one element to that that the superior architecture socket software and the flawless execution that we have delivered -- we would like to continue to have leadership as we have demonstrated at 28 and 20. And so, we are continuing to make progress on 16 and there is no need for us to say more because at this point in time, we will deliver that technology as we’ve predicted we expect to take out this year and to simplify it in 2015.
Chris Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital: Thank you very much guys.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird & Company. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Company: Hi, good afternoon. Given your commentary about the China mobile base station count by year-end, does that imply that orders will continue steadily for the second half of the calendar year that will decline as a percent of mix? And also how do we reconcile the backlog entering the quarter with the revenue guidance; do you expect a softening at the end of the quarter?
Jon Olson: So, the order pattern again will undoubtedly have some variability of course throughout the year. But we are expecting and I’ll say the longer-term forecasting beyond a quarter from our large customers does show very solid numbers throughout the year. So, whether there is going to be growth every quarter or whatever, but the second half of the year does look reasonable to us vis-à-vis the first half. So, I think this is about deploying all these base stations been going silent this year doesn’t appear that’s the pattern if that’s the underlying question you’re asking. And then reconciling the backlog I think is your question, because there was a little bit of a surprise to us relative to the channel more or so than the large wireless customers, because they certainly are trying to make sure that they give their fair share of our FPGA supply by placing orders earlier than they normally would have. So that is I would say the leading reason backlog is up so much. And so that is contributing to driving this lower turns number, but also the channel customers. So, we had a softer industrial ISM business in the March quarter than anticipated. And so there was an inventory adjustment going on by some of our customers and they jumped in very quickly to order in and purchase more put more on the books early in the quarter. So I’m not expecting a softer end of the quarter necessarily as a result of that backlog, it’s really recognition because we have some specific classes of customers that put orders in the books earlier. If you go back and then look at how do we look after the first few weeks, we’re still more or less in a good backlog position. We are, but it is -- I do want to point out that some of the orders didn’t come in earlier than they normally would have been in a given quarter.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Company: Okay. That’s very useful. And then a quick follow-up, how should we compare the performance of Kintex-7 with Virtex-6? And in other words, is there really a performance incentive for OEMs to keep using Virtex as you make progress with (inaudible) node and the mid one product of (inaudible) node could be equal or exceed that of high-end of previous nodes?
Moshe Gavrielov:  Well, that’s a good question and it’s difficult to give one answer, but let me try to crack at it. As we move from generation to generation then typically the high-end of the previous generation is somewhat covered not totally covered by the mid range of the existing generation. And what you can get is similar performance at the attractive power level and in some cases the lower cost. So, generally speaking that trend does happen, but it’s not a perfect replacement and it's not that you can take anything which would have done in a Virtex-6 and replace it with a Kintex-7. But it does tend to intrude and that trend from generation to generation does tend to repeat itself. So, what use to be the most aggressive or the largest device in one generation tends to be competing against the mid range of the next generation generally, but not fully. And then if you look at two generation gap then for sure, you can see that the mid-range tends more than replace everything you had in the high-end of the previous one.
Jon Olson: I’ll just add one more quick thing to that. So, we're winning in some of these ASSP opportunities in the wireless communication area, they need faster serial connectivity and more serial connectivity range and that’s what we’re being able to integrate, lots of capability into single devices or a couple of devices and that's all Virtex class capability that has been with Kintex. Kintex is designed to do so. We'd stretch the high-end to grow that available market. And so Virtex definitely has more life and is not being replaced for Kintex.
Moshe Gavrielov: So in order words, the [fan] of the high-end that expanded through replacing (inaudible) I think that’s reporting point. So it's not -- it gets cannibalized and -- actually can grow significantly, it replaces different devices.
Rick Muscha: Next question please?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Company: Thank you.
Operator: You next question is from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thank you very much. Jon and Moshe, we get so all of us are guilty I said we just get caught up in the 4G, can you help us understand what’s the 3G business doing for you on a year-over-year basis or any guide post you could provide? And where I am coming from is that yes 4G is growing sounds like wireless especially China is doing well. But is it being offset to some extent by the decline in 3G and then I have a quick follow-up also?
Jon Olson: Well clearly, going from generation to generation as the 4G technology gets introduced to more and more geographies, there is a replacement effect that goes on naturally from 3G. But quite frankly, we still have a very, very healthy 3G business. Even in China, in addition to what’s going on in 4G and clearly in Europe as GSM deployment and continuing to build out existing base stations for capacity reasons. And then broadly on a worldwide basis in those countries, they haven’t started the deployment of 4G, we still have a very, very healthy business that is not related to 4G generation. So, the answer to your question kind of depends, yes overtime it is replacing 3G, 4G to some extent, but these technologies tend to live on for a very long time and have a very long tail. So, it isn’t just [foreign] replacement on a quarterly basis.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: So you don’t have any metric for us in terms of what is (inaudible)?
Jon Olson: I don’t really have that. I don’t have that on my finger tips because we actually haven’t looked at that, we look at it more on a customer basis and geographies, so I’d have to dig into that a little bit, Ambrish.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That’s fair, Jon. And then my follow up is on the 20 and 16, can you just walk us though what are the expectations that you guys have because ASML came out and gave some conflicting comments about the potential delays from the foundry camp? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov:  Well, you need to look at the public statements made by TSMC this week, they are all out there, they have the technology symposium, they do it once a year. They expect to have more than double-digit tape-out actually in 16-nanometer by the end of this year. And clearly 20-nanometer for them is growing at a faster rate than even 28 was and 28 was probably the most successful node they have ever seen. So TSMC is doing extremely well on 28, 20 and will undoubtedly be doing very well on 16 FF and 16 FF plus. So I don’t know what the comments from ASML as they related to these current nodes but that clearly has, look at TSMC, they had a record year and they are projecting another significant growth year in calendar ‘14. So that highlights that at least the fabless companies TSMC has a majority of the fab business at advanced node doing really well.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Really Moshe, there was. And as I said there is some conflicting remarks, so thanks for your perspective. Thank you sir.
Moshe Gavrielov:  Sure, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of William Stein with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks for taking my question. Moshe, I am wondering if you can give us an idea for when we might expect to see revenue for 20-nanometer products and when for 16?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, if you look at our Analyst Day which is two months ago and it’s on the rear view, you can see that we showed that our current revenue at 28-nanometer is basically after to being 3 years in production and of course it was a very small number the first year, grew significantly second year and it has almost quadrupled the third year. And we would expect that same shaping happen of 20. And so it took about a year after the tape out to start to have any meaningful number on the revenue side and then it’s 2 years before it gets to -- overall it has an impact on our overall revenue and then third year is when it sees the biggest growth and that’s what you’ve seen. Now for us and if you look at the $140 million in the third year of production, that is just under 25% of our revenue. So that would be a good model and we think that model is likely to follow. 28 happened faster for us than previous nodes that is a good proxy. We’d expect 20 and 16 to have similar trends in terms of their converting to revenue, rate conversion to revenue.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  That’s helpful. And then one follow-up if I can, Moshe at the Analyst Day, you were asked about the sizing of 20 and 16, your anticipated size of that node from a revenue perspective overall. And I think your comment was that your view was that 20 plus 16 was likely to equal what 28 looks like overall. And first, if you could confirm that that’s the view? And second, I’m wondering if you can talk about the last time that a new node wound up being smaller than the older node and if that’s changing in new and different, why that might be?
Moshe Gavrielov:  Okay. So what you said, that reflects what we expect to happen. And the reason that it’s happened this way is 20 and 16 are coming out very close. And there are some companies, business, (inaudible) if they’re not early users then they just jump to the next node. And for us, because of the long design cycles and the long manufacturing cycle, those will co-exist, but because they’re really about 1.5 years apart, [lead tape out] and the expectation was nodes would come at a lot more leisurely pace than they have in the past which that hasn’t happened, we think that this will turnout the way that which we predicted, the two of them together will be as large as 28. And that’s just because we're so close together. I don’t expect future node to continue to come as fast furious as they have. If they do continue coming at this [cover], it’s great and obviously the ROI changes need to be make sure if you don't double the amount to achieve the same amount of revenues. And if you look at where we are, it’s not quite that [street] does that, but it is a big investment and it’s just due to the proximity of those to know nodes scheduled.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Cavallo with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for taking the question. This is Gabriella Borges on behalf of Jim. I wanted to follow up on some of commentary on [comps and construction] beyond China. Could you talk about how demand is turning into some of other geographies, maybe in the U.S. Europe and Latin America. And any color on why you’re expecting relative strength and/or weakness over the next couple of quarters, would be helpful as well? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure Gabriela. The strength, we have broader strength, as I commented in my remarks about that. We did have broader geographic shipments and we saw strength, both in Europe and the U.S. And U.S. is still LTE deployments going on, just to remind you that Sprint and T-Mobile are still in their scale of deployment in rapid deployment. We still believe that AT&T and Verizon are populating their existing base stations, they are not adding a new state base stations, I think Verizon is almost like at 95% or 98% covered where they had 3G already, but all the base stations are now fully [populated] for capacity reasons. So, again we see a very healthy business coming out of North America still it’s in our numbers and we do expect that will continue throughout this year. And we’re also seeing in Europe continued expansion of GSM technology while they are beginning to do some trials and start to kick off additional spending with respect to LTE. So Deutsche Telekom in addition to Vodafone Deutsche Telekom also really has increased their capital spend forecast for the year, as they start to begin to look at their deployment of 4G technology in Europe and their locations. So all in all very healthy wireless business on a worldwide basis.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs: That’s helpful, and thank you. And just as follow up on the weakness that you are seeing near term aerospace and defense, could you talk about how much of that maybe last time buy (inaudible) versus program timing over we can have some broader spending and also confidence with customers coming back later in the year? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yeah, quite frankly most of our weakness is the guide of going down, I will talk more seasonal for us to someone is related to mainstream product that were in particular programs that were driven by our mainstream (inaudible) class of products more than it was anything to do with the historic older products that have gone off, again those will continue in a variability quarter-by-quarter throughout the year, but we actually had, see on a forward looking guide some normal seasonal patterns going on in the summer time and then in September and December quarters we expect increases in our space and defense again quite typically from a seasonal perspective. So as the government fiscal year ends, and the new year begins, we have typically seen dollars being flushed and new dollar new money coming in. We expect that same pattern to exist and we obviously have a number of programs identified where we believe those orders will be coming for us and we will ship against that.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs: That’s helpful, thanks very much.
Jon Olson:  Thank you. Next question.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Ian Ing with MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners: Yes, first of all a clarification on this China FTD rollout in the second half, is that specific to China Unicom and what’s the size of that deployment or it this more related to the China [5 mode] requirements for LTE going back and perhaps upgrading base stations.
Jon Olson:  This is a China Telecom and I suspect some Unicom will start, but it’s really more China Telecom is the first leader on that in terms of the (inaudible). And so again we don’t we have, I would say estimated forecast from our customers about when that might ramp, but we really don’t have hard orders yet, so it’s hard to know exactly in what time period they are going to ramp, our best estimate is during the second half of the calendar year.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners: Great. And my follow up and you gave a top supplier award to TSMC one thing you talked about is continuous yield improvement spending, just want to get a sense of how much yield improvement, gross margin tailwind is left here in helping to offset mix? Thanks.
Jon Olson:  Yes, sure. We are extremely happy with our overall yield improvement across all of our value partners, quite frankly it’s really been an additive thing over the last several years to us. And in TSMC which has clearly the largest scale we have been able to ramp down costs very, very rapidly. We still are not at the lowest levels we expect to attain there, we still have a reasonable way to go. There are variety of other, things factors associated with yield improvement that really isn’t just about just only about the fab, it’s also about our test capability and being able to target the highest volume of the right speed of products [on] wafer for which is more of a sort of and final test capability that maximizes or optimizes this against the demand we have for those faster or slower kinds of products. And we’ve made tremendous progress with our sort and test capabilities around isolating those kinds of capabilities in order to improve costs even more. So, it all was the wafer (inaudible) density is the biggest driver, there are many other things that we have on schedule that helps us reduce cost throughout the year. So we’re still, we still have a lot of cost reduction left, what I am trying to say.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Americas LLC. Your line is open.
Ryan Goodman - CLSA Americas LLC: Hey thanks for taking my question. This is Ryan Goodman in for Srini. Question on 20 nanometer, I know it’s still a bit early but you announced the products shipping in another one around the corner. So maybe could you talk a little bit about which markets you expect this to gain traction in first? And maybe just a bit of a balance between how much is new market expansion with further ASIC, ASSP displacement versus more migrating your leading edge emulating type business in 28 nanometers to 20 and then eventually 16?
Moshe Gavrielov: So we have two families in 20 nanometers, there is Kintex and Virtex we actually have the only high-end family and the expectation is that that is an expansion play, it’s largely for wired communications. The ASIC prototyping business, the high-end of middle arrow and generally the high-end of what our customers design, but it is an expansion play because the previous question was asked there, this enables us to affect ASIC and ASSP space. If you look at the Kintex product offering and we’re sampling that broadly that process has been out for since November, we have been sampling it since November, so it’s approaching six months I think at this point. That is [migrating] product which enables a cost reduction task and additional capabilities for the previous generation of Virtex products and it also enables an upgrade in regards to higher performance, the lower power to the previous generation of Kintex. So this enables both, and if you look at the previous generation of Kintex is very broad amongst other markets, for wireless market, but it actually addresses a lot of applications and that mid range market is the biggest, the fastest growing, the largest here, but it’s a fastest growing market and we expect it to continue growing at an accelerated break into address numerous markets, wireless being one, but that’s just one of several that use those Kintex devices.
Ryan Goodman - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-on for Jon, just the inventory days I think you had mentioned reps to 115, it’s a bit higher than you’ve had in recent quarters and it sounds like you are looking to grow it again next quarter. Just can you help us understand what is the target range there, where are you comfortable on and how should that trend over the course of the year?
Jon Olson:  No, we're fairly above our target in terms of where we like to run the business from a long-term perspective and the target is there as a measure of efficiency. But quite frankly, you have to react to the environment around you. And when we have such a strong growth pattern going on in our new product category like we do now and growing revenue so rapidly, we want to make sure that we have the supply chain ability to supply our customers. And with the variability of the ordering patterns particularly from the China LTE business, we wanted to put a substantial safety stock. And the good part or when you see inventory growing you might say there is warning sign there, but the good part of it is that’s all in our new product, which mean to us there is no risk of obsolescence here, this is a matter of trading our cash for in the return on cash for inventory to make sure we have, we’re well positioned. We’re far enough down on the defect density curve they are not buying expensive wafers and writing them off throughout the time period. So, this is kind of a no [brainer] from me and that making sure that we have that kind of capability. We do expect this to continue meaning inventory will get larger in June and probably get in September and then start to decline as we go through the next several quarters. So again, we are establishing a higher revenue point for the company, inventory dollars go up, the days are kind of fluctuating around based on where our revenue is. So, I actually look at the total dollars of our inventory more than just a day. And I'm pretty comfortable into that we're in, which is in the neighborhood of 240ish plus or minus $240 million plus or minus.
Moshe Gavrielov: And the other reason is that capacity is tightening up and so it [beholds] us to make sure that we can seize the moment as these opportunities come. And this is actually public information with regards to capacity at 28 and 20. Most of them are doing extremely well and having the backlog in place and having the wafers definitely helps us address the opportunities.
Rick Muscha: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Thanks guys, congratulations. On the new product category, it seems that 40-nanometer was flat or down, is that the second quarter in a row that’s occurred? What’s happening there in terms of the guide for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Jon Olson: Yes Hans, I don’t think it was the second quarter in a row, I think we increased it in the previous quarter. So, it was down due to a couple of large customers who had taken products in the previous quarter and then was absorbing that inventory. We do expect new product category to grow next quarter and we expect it to grow both from 28 and 40-nanometer technology. So, the peak of that generation is likely sometime this year maybe later in the year in total. That’s what we can tell, although we still have a lot of very strong designs in the high-end of the business, the high volume part of our business; we expect it to continue to grow for at least in a year or two before a peak maybe even longer. Just to remind you that we’re the only one in the industry that has that generation has high volume product and has serial technology with it et cetera. So, we are pretty happy with how things are going with that generation as well.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Okay. And then as a follow up, can you guys provide the mix Kintex as a percentage of 28-nanometer?
Jon Olson:  So now we are not providing that mix by technology, we did say it’s the largest contributor to our total revenue last quarter. So, it’s large but it isn’t 50%. Okay, they are buried on Virtex-7 and Artix, Zynq as well.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Thanks again.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley & Company. Your line is open.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley & Company:  Great, thank you. I wanted to explore just a little bit more the strong backlog kind of weaker turns, is that something, I mean are you seeing those weaker turns already or are you being, you sort of projecting that based on kind of the overall bookings trend that you have seen the lumpiness of the wireless business? And are you, is it possible with that conservatism in that number and the turns coming stronger or just how should we think about that?
Jon Olson:  Yes, it’s again largely driven by these large wireless customers. We have seen this back in the 3G generation, the same kind of pattern. And so, I don’t really feel like we have got some sort of a sandbag number but again with the variability that goes on with the Chine LTE, there are all possibilities that things are turned out different than we say. The second part of this story, the early backlog was around these channel customers specifically focused around ISM business. We’ve done our best view at those customers where they are going to end up this quarter and that they just ordered earlier, the pattern was just a little earlier in the quarter than normally we would have seen things. So, it really isn’t I think we are fairly positioned with our zero to 4 growth number.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley & Company: Okay, great. Thank you. And then in terms of the industrial aerospace and defense, you described some inventory kind of build and depletion around that, what would have triggered a build? I think you had some patents on couple of products, was it about that or was it just more customer behavior over the last couple of quarters?
Jon Olson: Yes. The question on that or the answer on that is really around the ISM A&D was because the programs didn’t materialize as we thought and/or there were some slips going on the A&D side that won’t come back to still later in the year. But on the ISM side, it was a matter of leading out inventories. We’ve had, very healthy industrial sales over the last previous six quarters and there was a bit of an adjustment going on at a few customers that we had anticipated some larger orders from. And we’ve reconfirmed that they’re ordering again this quarter. So, I am not too concerned about that at this point.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley & Company: Great. Thank you very much.
Jon Olson: Sure, Joe. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray and Company. Your line is open.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Company: Thank you. Jon, just quickly, have you seen any appreciable changes in lead times over the last couple of quarters, 28-nanometer? And a follow-up question just around the 28- nanometer product Virtex-7. I think Jon you talked about some of the -- there is the ramp going on and some of the design wins around wired and markets outside of communications. Are you seeing design activity for Virtex-7 into wireless as well? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Yes. So on the lead times on 28-nanometer, our lead times again with our inventory build, we don’t have any particular issue there, but as Moshe said, there is some general tightness going on in the 28 nanometer capacity. But if you look at our supply chain and backward to see if we have any lead issues, we really don’t have anything significant there from our perspective. So I think not just from a wafer perspective but also assembly test and packages and things like that substrates, we’re not seeing anything, I would say that’s really significant in terms of any individual lead time issues. With respect to the Virtex-7 ramp, I mean the applications are in the communication space are mostly on the wired side -- on the wireless side, we don’t sale that much Virtex-7 into that. We have some Virtex-6 parts and Virtex-5 parts that we sent there, that we still ship into the wireless business. But the big growth for us from wireless has been Kintex. The Virtex-7 growth for us has been round wired communication and the applications associated with the network interface cards and 40, 100, 400 gig kind of connectivity capability. That’s where we’re seeing the biggest single growth area. And then also on the solid state disc arrays for data center is both Virtex class products and in some cases Kintex.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Company:  Great. Thanks, Jon.
Jon Olson: Sure Ruben. Next question?
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of John Vinh with Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
John Vinh - Pacific Crest Securities: My question, as we roll into FDD deployments in the second half, can you talk about, are there any sort of differences in your competitive position on FDD-LTE versus TD-LTE? And also, are there also any sort of differences in content, (inaudible) content between of FDD and TD for you?
Jon Olson:  John, the FDD side, there is slightly more content for us on that but I wouldn’t say it’s like a 50% more or anything near that, there was slightly more contain on FDD. And from a competitive perspective, I would say most of the FDD is related to 28-nanometer. And as we have said before, we have an extremely strong design win percentage at 28-nanometer. So, I would say there is no appreciable difference on the competitive environment for us. So maybe a little more dollar content and no appreciable competitive difference.
John Vinh - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thank you.
Jon Olson: There is last question now or...
Rick Muscha: Yes, we’ll take our last question. Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back over Mr. Rick Muscha for any closing remarks.
Rick Muscha: Great. Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 pm Pacific Time, 8 pm Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal year ‘15 will be Tuesday, July 22, after the market close. This quarter, we will be presenting at the Baird Growth Stock Conference in Chicago on May 6 and the JP Morgan Annual Technology Media and Telecom Conference on May 20 in Boston. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conclude today’s conference call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-01-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha - Director, Finance Jon Olson - SVP, Finance and CFO Moshe Gavrielov - President and CEO
Analysts:  John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Vivek Arya - Bank of America Romit Shah - Nomura Tristan Gerra - Baird William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Glen Yeung - Citigroup Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities Christopher Danely - JPMorgan James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley  Gabriel Ho - BMO Alex Gauna - JMP Securities Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Morgan and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the December quarter and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information as currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. In the December quarter, Xilinx sales were $587 million, down 2% sequentially, which was at the low end of our guidance range. 28 nanometer sales were particularly strong during the quarter reaching a $100 million with material sales from all product families. Broad-based Kintex sales led the growth with the significant contribution from Virtex and Zynq sales more than doubled. Sales from the Mainstream and Base categories both declined sequentially. From an end market perspective, sales from communications and data center were approximately flat in the December quarter, slightly lower than we had forecast. Strong wireless sales associated with China LTE deployments were offset by weaker than anticipated telecom and data center. Top tier wired customers performed as expected but the weakness came predominantly from our mid-tier customers. Industrial and aerospace and defense sales declined as expected driven by industrial, scientific and medical and test and measurement. Aerospace and defense business was approximately flat better than expected due to strength in a couple of un-forecasted programs.  Lastly, broadcast, consumer and automotive was slightly down driven almost entirely by expected declines from consumer. Gross margin was 69.2% for the quarter in line with our guidance of 69%. Operating expenses were 203 million including amortization of 2.6 million. Also included in the operating expenses was a $19 million reversal of a contingent litigation reserve associated with a settlement of a patent litigation matter that was previously charged to the P&L in both Q4 FY12 and Q2 FY14. Other income and expense was a net expense of $5 million, less than forecast due primarily to higher dividend and interest income associated with our investment portfolio. Net income for the quarter was $176 million or $0.61 per diluted share including a $0.06 per diluted share impact associated with the previously mentioned litigation reversal. Operating cash flow for the December quarter was $216 million before $11 million in CapEx during the quarter. Diluted shares for the quarter were 288 million. We repurchased 2.2 million shares for $97 million during the quarter and now have repurchased approximately $170 million of shares through this fiscal year. There was a 15.7 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes. For questions relating to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investment increased $44 million to approximately $3.7 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt and our net cash position is approximately $2.4 billion. Inventory dollars at Xilinx increased by $23 million sequentially. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution were 114 days, up from a 102 days in the prior quarter. The growth in inventory is related to increasing safety stock on new products in anticipation of higher future demand. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the March quarter of FY14. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up slightly sequentially. We are expecting continued strong growth from our 28 nanometer product families. Mainstream products are expected to be up sequentially and base products are expected to be down. From an end market perspective, we expect communications to be up sequentially driven by continued strength from China LTE as well as growth from wired communications as a result of both increased 28 nanometer sales and increases from mid-tier customers. The most notable applications are in the areas of data center, metro, Ethernet and access. We expect sales growth from the industrial and aerospace and defense segment, driven by all three secondary markets: test, defense and ISM. Lastly, we expect broadcast, consumer and automotive to be down driven by declines in consumer. As a result we are expecting total sales to increase 2% to 6% sequentially. The midpoint of this guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 54%. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 68%, the slight decline in sequential gross margin percent is primarily related to a faster than anticipated ramp of our Kintex products to customers supporting China LTE deployment. We are currently expecting a record breaking quarter in the wireless segment.  Operating expenses in the March quarter are expected to be approximately $226 million, including $2.5 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. As a result we expect our R&D and SG&A guidance for the full year fiscal year '14 to be approximately $492 million and $378 million respectively. Amortization is expected to be $10 million and litigation continues to be $9.4 million.  Other income and expense for Q4 FY ’14 is expected to be a net expense of approximately $7 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 289 million shares. The tax rate for the March quarter is expected to be approximately 13%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe. 
Moshe Gavrielov:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse:  Jon, you said in your prepared comments that you thought in the March quarter that wireless would be in a record. I am kind of curious, how much is China LTE now as a percent of the comms? What kind of sequential growth do you think you will see and every time we hear record, I guess we in Wall Street start to worry about kind of a peak and so I am kind of curious as to, versus the potential of where you think this could go, where do you think the March quarter will be?
Jon Olson:  John, well thanks for this question because I kind of had the same thought process and I was hoping someone would ask this question about it. This is far from where we think the peak is going to be. I think I would like to kind of take you back a little bit in our last time we had a peak was I would say around the peak of the 3G rollout in China, but the dynamics are a little bit different here for LTE from the standpoint of, we have been participating on a regular basis in the rollout in other geographies beyond China and we continue to have a really good solid business underneath that and then we started layering China on top of that and then later on Europe kicking-in where we actually see a few more little finds that things moving forward there. We are expecting wireless to be well above our historic peak as the LTE rollout hits us over the next several years. So, we're looking really very forward to that.  If you look at our overall communications business we were I'd say a little bit disappointed because we were flat and that was really because wireless was up and wired was down. And the incremental part driven by China was a significant driver of that growth. We really don’t want talk about the specifics of exactly how much is in China and not, but quite frankly we are in the very beginning stages there. And with respect to the guide for next quarter and talking about that we are seeing all OEMs come to us with orders and discussions about the long-term supply chain of what they think they need. Now that doesn’t mean we have good have visibility, it just means that they are saying while things are turning on now in China and we need more parts for March and beyond, what is the prognosis like that from a capacity perspective. So, I think we really are just now getting in to the beginning of an aggressive ramp here although it will be hard for us to forecast quarter-to-quarter most likely. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Thanks.
Jon Olson:  Next question please.
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America:  Thanks for taking my question. I actually had a clarification question for Jon and the real question for Moshe. So, on the clarification Jon, if wireless remains the key growth driver in 2014, should the model gross margins to be closer to 68% rather than the 69% i.e. will the other quarters look similar to what you are guiding for March in terms of gross margin?  And then the question for Moshe, Moshe if we look back a number of years we have seen this PLD market share shift at almost every node. You guys are very strong at 65%, Altera at 40% then you were at 28%. What caused that before and why can’t that same thing repeat whereby Altera starts to gain some momentum, what do you see to give you confidence that that same thing will not happen again? Thank you.
Jon Olson :  So, on the overall gross margin forecast, I am really not going to forecast the next quarter or the next year, we will definitely talk about that at the Analyst Day that’s coming up in a couple of weeks but we are very confident about our gross margin position. And when you think about the -- I'll say the more abrupt growth of our product -- 20 nanometer product generation, we are not at the -- we are not down the cost curve totally here, right. So, we are talking about an acceleration of fast shipments, a lot of shipments early in the generation of the product. So, we're still very confident about our gross margin position on a go-forward basis and this is not kind of the harbinger of some lowering in the short-term quite frankly albeit there will be up and downs and some fluctuations around the midpoint and this is just one of those situations.
Moshe Gavrielov:  Vivek, thanks for the question. We'll give you a more profound answer on the February the 11th as to what we are doing to maintain and continue our leadership. I don’t think there is a physical rule of nature that says that you need to swap leadership, it all depends on what your strategy is and how well you execute. And this point in time I am very confident that we are doing everything to retain and expand our leadership but we'll go into more detail in February. Thanks for the question.
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit Shah - Nomura:  Yes, thanks a lot. Jon, I was hoping to just get a little bit more color on the gross margin weakness. You highlighted Kintex, but my understanding is this product line has been growing as a percentage of sales and obviously you guys had very good gross margin performance last year. And then Moshe on 28-nanometer, you highlighted your current share at around 70%, do you think that’s a number you can sustain through the remainder of this year? Thanks a lot.
Jon Olson:
 : So, while it is true we have been growing 28-nanometer quite profoundly but you also have to look at the end market mix as well as the product mix. And so it isn’t clearly just about Kintex, how many Kintexs was resell, it’s also an end market exposure and the wireless end market because of the concentration of costumers and the very high volume that we're shipping in there, there is definitely a pricing discount versus cost perspective there and we talked about the fact that our wireless end market has had gross margin characteristics lower than some of our other end markets. And so to me this is really a transitional product end market mix as that will work itself out over time.
Moshe Gavrielov:  And with regards to market share going forward, our public goal was 60%, our internal goal was 70% we've grown over the past -- the product taped out in 2010 and now has three years of production; it’s grown from 50% to 60% to 70% market share over the past year. We’re going to continue to do everything with the breadth of the portfolio to capitalize on that. And I am delighted with where we are and we intend to continue to provide this leadership whether it’s 70 or around 70, it’s going to be much higher than it ever has been at least for us. And it’s in the breadth and depth of the product offering which is the level of execution which are second to none.  So I think there are sustainable elements there, it’s not a fluke it’s not one element of the product offering, it’s not prototyping, it’s not wireless. It’s a whole host of things which are hitting at different times and are accumulating to deliver this and next station is that they will continue to hit as we continue going forward. We will also address some of these issues in February in more debt. 
Jon Olson:  Next question please?
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Baird:  Is this trend of Kintex relative to your expectation implying that perhaps there is a mix shift versus prior node where demand is stronger in the mid-range than it used to be? And if that’s the case do you think that the market will give the high end of 28 centimeter more than half of the geometry node as it has been in the past.
Jon Olson:  So Tristan excellent question, there is a transitional just happening and that is, there is an emerging need for a higher performance, more cost oriented product and there are certain markets that if that product doesn’t exist they just won’t use a low end product and they won’t use a high end product, because the low end product won’t have the right performance, the high end product won’t have the price, so they will evidently use something else. So I do believe that there is a place for this, it is growing at a rapid rate, it is to some extent in some cases replacing the high end, so we do expect the percentage of the high end to be smaller than it has, having said that, we believe that primarily the high end benefit and the same expansion there is through replacing [indiscernible] for applications such as [indescribable] et cetera.
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Stein with SunTrust Robinson.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson:  I am wondering if you can comment a little bit more about the consumer end market, I think you highlighted that end market as a weak spot in the quarter ended the outlook, can you elaborate?
Moshe Gavrielov:  Yes the consumer end market for us does have underlying trends that happen as the introduction of I'll say high end electronics come to the market. And one of the biggest applications that’s been going on in addition to more pro-consumer video cameras and things like that, it really is around next generation televisions which is around the ultra-high definition and 4K 2K television. And we've been doing extremely well in that market, we have traditionally when new television technology comes out, we traditionally have played a role in that and this particular movement that’s going on or evolution that’s going on, we’re in a very well position and these trends tend to last for a year or so and then generally when they get into extremely high volume televisions, that will [indiscernible] or some other kind of technology. So we are kind of in the middle of enjoying that ramp and because of the difficulty of trying to get this technology to work by the television manufacturers, [FPJ] has turned out to be a really useful thing even in I'll say the small to medium volumes now which is a little bit different than previous -- over the previous generations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks, Jon. You made the point in your prepared remarks that wireless is coming to a record level on the March quarter and yet you’re guiding overall revenues could be below consensus. I wonder if you can then talk about the prospects you see for your business outside the comms and whether or not you think consensus is actually missing something in the way you think about revenue growth for 2014?
Jon Olson: So, I think that it’s an interesting question, while we do see some modest growth in some of these other stuffs end markets I’ve talked about, the biggest move is actually are going on in communications for us next quarter and coming from a down quarter in the wired side, the compare is easier for us to go up a little bit, but quite frankly the wireless part of the growth is a much bigger percentage of our forecast for next year. And so I’ll talk about this a little bit more in a couple weeks but as you step back and look about -- look at where we thought we would go, have revenue this year going into the year and where we’re ending up, we're actually extremely pleased and that delta is explained by the 28-nanometer growth that Moshe talked about in his remarks on a full year basis. We’re doing extremely well. Adoption is as good as we thought and while there are pockets of slowness and ramping in some areas, we have other pockets where people are ramping at a much more rapid pace than we thought. So don't take too much on this record wireless comment, it was put in there primarily to signal the fact that we have such a strong play this time in the wireless sub-segment as a result of our Kintex and Zynq products that we are getting a significant share this time of this new generation of technology on a worldwide basis in a much bigger show than we did in previous node generation. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities: Thank you, Jon. I want clarification on a question. First, did you have any 10% customers or do you anticipate any in the March quarter and then the question is you mentioned that the mid-tier telecom and datacenter customers for a week, if you could give us a little bit more clarification as to what’s going on there, looks like you’re expecting that customers to come back again in the March quarter? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Yes and the answer of your first question is no, we did not have a 10% customer this past quarter and we don’t forecast whether we are for the future. We are open for business so we’ll take orders from anybody, maybe we’ll end up having one who knows, but if you look at our history we really have that because we have such a broad-based balance around our customers, but I guess we’ll have to wait and see about the March quarter.  From a mid-tier comms perspective, some it is customer specific to some things that we -- the customers were clearing out inventory in two or three places and some of it are -- is I think an explanation of that the overall economy and IT spend is not as robust as we might like it to be or thought it to be. Our new customers continue to deploy new technology very rapidly and so that’s been the harbinger for strength there. The mid-tier and smaller customers not quite as much there and their growth is still depended on legacy designs that really aren’t moving quite as well, so a few customers that are doing inventory correction and a few customers that I think have had overall weak demand and so there is a bit of a pause there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: Thanks, guys. Hey Jon or Moshe, can you just maybe run through your major end markets for this calendar year in which you expect to grow the most or the least since you’ve seen the indicated -- China communication was pretty much as you expected last year, what would you expect from the comm business and maybe the China communications business this year?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, Chris nice try, February 11, San Francisco, we’re going to talk about the whole year, the markets break them down et cetera. Now it’s just -- so I won’t appear to be rude, 28-nanometer is driving our growth wireless and wired are benefiting incredibly this current quarter and what we’re seeing is that expansion into other markets is happening at each market at the natural rate that it happened. So for example just a measurement we used, the largest FPJs really early, we continue to see that on an ongoing basis because we have the largest most popular ones, but then it gets deployed on a broader basis, so we would expect that over time to grow. Why it takes a little longer to go into production but thankfully its happening, wireless, the success is extremely broad and to the extent that you should see growth and wireless as the one which is happening at the fastest rate due to the very strong product cycle, but we will give you more details, we just -- you know we’re not going to have anything to tell you on February 11th except give you another book which you may or may not appreciate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question, relative to the China wireless ramp, I was wondering if you could talk about the -- the mix of products you’re shipping into base stations versus radio heads and whether you expect that to change a lot over the next few quarters as some of the complexion of the deployment changes, and then can you maybe talk about, when you expect 20 nanometer revenue to be material to the P&L, is it going to be as much as the year out or is it going to be sooner than that?
Jon Olson: On the China wireless composition you know clearly radio cards are the leadership in terms of volume and we are getting a lot of this business is around radio heads and radio cards, so there’s a lot of that activity from an ordering perspective. And baseband and back haul are the other two wireless segments which account for I would say the remaining 50% if you will, the 50% of radio, pardon, 50% of the other. And we are getting certainly getting baseband orders coming through et cetera, and backhaul I would say would be the last in terms of the percentages, so it’s a bit of an overweight towards radio right now in terms of the deployment which I think is the most critical part to get the new frequency, the new bands deployed from a carrier perspective. So I would say that’s what’s going on now, and I would expect that to moderate over time but still a radio leaning for the next few quarters. Then with respect to 20 nanometer materiality, it’s a year out, I mean if it’s supposed to be handicapping over under a year, it’s a year out, I mean we’re shipping for revenue today, our first product that we take out, but it’s going in the customer’s prototype wars and things like that, our design win activity is picking up significantly in this area but realistically any significant revenue is out of here anyway.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, and Jim just to clarify that further, you just need to look at 28, that’s the fastest growing node we’ve seen, we’re at $100 million, that’s 16% of our revenue and this is three years after we taped out the product, the nature of the markets we service is it takes some time to get the product inserted into the customer designs and they typically deploy on a delayed rate so, you know in this case it took three years to reach $100 million and that’s the fastest it’s been done before, so in terms of having some revenue which is significant then here is a good element and in terms of getting 15% I think you can model, three years is a good proxy for that, and you know. So the question is how do you define significant? Is it 3% or 15%? If it’s 15% use three years. If it’s 3% then that can happen much faster.
Rick Muscha: Our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley : Great, thank you. I wonder if you could help us size the Zynq opportunity. You mentioned it doubled sequentially. If you can just give us any kind of qualitative estimate of where that is, and if you’re not willing to do that, just kind of help us understand where it could go over time.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay, we don’t break it out. It’s still small numbers as in just under $10 million and it was the last of the families we introduced and it was a totally new concept with leadership, what we’re finding and this is not surprising is that the designing cycle, because of the software involved, it has an embedded processor, processor takes longer. Our expectation is that in a year or so it will move, the numbers will be much higher. Now what is driving that is wireless and secondarily automotive. Automotive takes a little longer because it’s dependent on model years on that’s a slow moving industry and so it will grow during this year. I’m very confident of that driven by wireless but more accelerated growth driven by other markets, primarily automotive and then industrial is going to happen next calendar year.
Rick Muscha: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Gabriel Ho - BMO: This is Gabriel Ho calling in for Ambrish. I’m just wondering if you can comment on last time buy, if there is an impact on the revenues of gross margins for the December quarter and also where are we in terms of the last time buy.
Jon Olson: Sure Dave. As noted, our base product family continue to decline as if you look back over the last several quarters we have and that’s where the specific set of parts that we’ve been holding for customers for an extended amount of time due to the BAB [ph] line closure situation, that we were -- we had to deal with respect to our foundry. And so while -- as I stated before we’ve always had underlying quarterly run rate going on here and the shipment of that inventory, we’ve been building up over the last several years will continue at least through the remainder of next fiscal year, and it is dependent on when customers take it or when they’ve agreed to take it and all those things have been worked out. So with respect to the December quarter, we definitely had shipments there. I’m really not going to talk about any specific customers or parts and its impact on margin. But quite frankly, with the base products continue to decline you got to believe the underlying run rate there has been more or less constant with some preservation as depending on customer need. So it’s about all I think I can give you on that particular topic.
Rick Muscha:  Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna with JPMorgan Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities: That’s JMP Securities. I was wondering if you could talk about, last quarter you guided turns to 53%, came in at the low end of guidance, now you’re at 54%. I am wondering was it programs that you had anticipated coming through maybe got pushed out a little bit or was there a turns area that you missed a little bit more that you think is going to come through in this quarter? And just to clarify, last quarter you talked about initial signs that things were picking up in 4G China infrastructure deployments and you’d expect the acceleration in December. Did you get that acceleration in December and as a part of the strength in the March quarter, is that acceleration continuing? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Sure Alex. Relative to the turns number, it is always a bit of an art when you have as many customers as we have in different design cycle wins and you only know less than half of your -- you have less than half of your business booked probably in the quarter. So there is all kinds of puts and takes that got under in the quarter with customers pulling things in, pushing things out based on their scheduling and their ultimate demand needs. And I think the reason in my remarks I talked about weaker mid-size and smaller customers in the wired, meaning the networking and telecom space was really that; we had anticipated orders from some of those customers at a greater level than we’ve actually received. And distribution in certain geographies were a little on the light side of what we had anticipated and some of those go into the smaller wired customers. So it really was more around that comms flavor than any other single area that I can point to. And if you go back and look at our history in terms of percentage of turns, anything in the 52% to 54% is right in the wheelhouse of where we have typically ended up. And again I talked about some of the customers that were weaker in this past quarter are going to be strong this next quarter. That is also an estimate on our part, because we don’t necessarily have hard orders for everything. From a 4G pickup there is no -- in China there is no doubt that we had increased revenue in December over the September quarter and then we have another step up again in March. This in my mind is very consistent with what we’ve been saying over the last five or six quarters around how China is going to start slow and accelerate versus have some rocket ship going on in one quarter, that’s been our view all along, and I think at least through December we’re on track to where we thought deployments would be, and the speed and the pace of what’s going on and we’re very early in that whole process.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities: Hi. Thanks. Moshe, given that there is still a bunch of new designs going on for 4G infrastructure, I’m wondering if anything has changed with the FPGA content, relative to 3G? I think historically we’ve talked about some sort of multiplier on total dollar content. But given the mix kind of moving, it sounds like at least in this initial run of designs to Kintex-7, do you think anything is changing?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, Kintex-7 was architected and executed to be the ideal and de facto standard FPGA solution for wireless and in particular for 4G. So we see the level of integration inside the FPGA growing across the board. So the percentage of developed materials which is covered by the FPGA is growing. You’re right in highlighting that 4G is going to be deployed over several years in several geographies. China is getting huge level of attention now and that after there was some deployment in North America, which isn’t yet complete and some deployment in Korea, which actually is more or less complete, and Japan which is further along, the rest of the world needs to catch up. Amazingly I just spent some time in India and it appears, and I know that everyone -- the India deployment of technology is like Verizon, the closer you get to it, the further it goes away. But we live in hope. And after I was there, and I saw firsthand, how bad the coverage is, and I was in seven cities, it was bad everywhere. The expectation is that they are going to more or less skip 3G. So they are going to terminate their 3G deployment and then hopefully they will skip straight to 4G and the expectation is that that will happen some point in time after the elections which is due, I think in April or May of this year. I know that isn’t a great hope, but well I am using, the reason I am using that is it’s an example of how long this 4G deployment is and how distributed and fragmented it is over the world. And what is happening is, is actually the next generation after that where there is already rumblings of deployments, which I believe is going to be led by Korea. So, that’s a long answer, FPGAs is more and more central to these devices and they have a larger portion of the developed material. So it looks good. I am very bullish on wireless infrastructure deployment.
Rick Muscha: Next question please.
Operator:
.: 
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a play back of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our Earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next Earnings release date for the fourth quarter of fiscal year ’14 will be Wednesday April 23, after the market close. This quarter we will be holding our analyst meet on February 11 in San Francisco. We look forward to seeing you there. In addition we will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 12, and the Morgan Stanley Technology Media and Telecom Conference on March 4. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-10-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Limited, Research Division Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Rachel, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the September quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. In the September quarter, Xilinx sales were $599 million, up 3% sequentially and at the high end of our guidance. New product sales were particularly stronger in the quarter, increasing 22% sequentially or by almost $40 million. 28-nanometer sales surpassed $80 million, with material sales from all 5 product families. Sales from our midrange family, Kintex, were particularly strong, driven by wireless applications, but with significant traction from wired communications, industrial, scientific and medical, audiovideo broadcast and consumer applications. Sales of our 40-nanometer and 45-nanometer products, Virtex-6 and Spartan-6, also increased during the quarter, with exceptionally strong sales from Spartan-6. Sales from the mainstream and base categories both declined sequentially. From a geographic perspective, sales from all geographies, with the exception of Europe, were up. From an end market perspective, sales from communications and data center increased 2% sequentially, slightly better than our flat guidance. Wireless sales increased sequentially during the quarter, driven by initial China LTE activity. Wired sales were slightly better than anticipated as a result of new product momentum, particularly in the areas of metro and access. Industrial and aerospace and defense sales increased 6% sequentially to a record 38% of total sales, driven by a broad base of applications, including defense, surveillance and test and measurement. Lastly, broadcast, consumer and automotive was up 5% sequentially, driven by increases in consumer and automotive applications, which were partially offset by an expected decline in broadcast sales. Gross margin was a record 69.5% for the quarter, better than guided due to broad-based margin improvements that are collectively contributing to material gross margin expansion. We are particularly pleased with margin improvement in our new products category. The combination of our 28-nanometer process choice, engagement with TSMC and our optimized scalable architecture has enabled rapid yield improvement on 28-nanometer products. Operating expenses were $252 million, including amortization of $2.4 million. Also included in the operating expenses was a $29 million charge for enhanced damages associated with the Q4 fiscal year '12 judgment on a patent case. Our intention is to appeal the court's decision. Other income and expense was a net expense of $11 million, slightly higher than forecast due primarily to lower interest income than planned. Net income for the quarter was $141 million or $0.49 per diluted share, including a $0.09 per diluted share impact associated with the previously mentioned litigation charge. Offsetting the litigation charge was a tax benefit of $8 million or $0.03 per diluted share primarily associated with a release of reserves related to the federal R&D tax credit. Operating cash flow for September was $255 million before $8 million in CapEx during the quarter. Diluted shares for the quarter were 291 million, higher than guided due primarily to the impact of the higher stock price. We repurchased $70 million of stock during the quarter. There was a 17 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes due to the higher stock price. For questions relating to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $225 million to approximately $3.7 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $2.4 billion. Days sales outstanding remained flat in the September quarter at 42 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx declined by $3 million sequentially. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution were 102 days, down from 105 days in the prior quarter. We expect inventory dollars to be approximately flat in the December quarter. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for December quarter of FY '14. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up slightly sequentially. We are expecting continued growth from our 28-nanometer product families. Base and mainstream products are expected to be down. From an end market perspective, we expect communications to be up sequentially, with equal contributions from wired and wireless applications. As a result of 28-nanometer portfolio strength, China LTE activity is expected to increase materially during the quarter. However, the overall growth rate of the wireless subsegment will be offset in part by a reduction in prior generation sales from a large customer. After 4 consecutive growth quarters in industrial and aerospace and defense, we expect this category to decline sequentially, driven by decreases from all 3 secondary markets: test, defense and ISM. Lastly, we expect broadcast, consumer and automotive to be slightly down as consumer decreases offset AVB and automotive increases. Lastly, we're expecting the other category to be up. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be approximately flat sequentially, plus or minus 2 percentage points, with sales from APAC and Japan up and sales from North America and Europe down. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 53%, consistent with our 4-year average. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 69%. Though we are not revising our long-term gross margin target of 64% to 66% at this time, we believe gross margin will continue to be around 69% for the next few quarters as a result of product mix and continued focus on margin improvement across our product families. Operating expenses in the December quarter are expected to be approximately $225 million, including $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. We expect our R&D and SG&A guidance for FY '14 to be approximately $490 million in R&D, approximately $385 million in SG&A with $10 million of amortization. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $9 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 291 million shares. The tax rate for the December quarter is expected to be approximately 13%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you, all. I'm pleased that we delivered revenue at the high end of our guidance, coupled with record gross margin. Overall, new product sales were truly outstanding, increasing 22% over the June quarter, doubling on a year-over-year basis. They now represent 36% of our total sales. This growth was driven by exceptionally strong sales of our 28-nanometer product generation, which comfortably exceeded $80 million, totally eclipsing both the previous quarter's results and our original $60 million target. Sales were driven by old 28-nanometer families. These include our midrange Kintex-7, old members of our high-performance Virtex-7, our high-volume Artix-7 product family and Zynq, the industry's first All Programmable SoC. This tremendous growth of 28-nanometer revenue continues the momentum from the June quarter, where we already had delivered more than 70% of 28-nanometer PLD share. In the December quarter, we expect 28-nanometer sales to continue to ramp at an accelerated rate, reinforcing our confidence that this node will be by far the most successful in our history. We're confident that our 28-nanometer revenue will exceed $90 million in the December quarter. The widespread customer adoption and aggressive revenue ramp are clear examples of the transformation we've made from a supplier delivering programmable logic to one that is enabling All Programmable and smart systems. These results unequivocally demonstrate that in 28-nanometer, we're a generation ahead in terms of silicon, design tools, IT and the commensurately higher value we deliver to our customers. In parallel, we have already delivered several industry firsts at the upcoming 20-nanometer node. These include the tape-out of the industry's first 20-nanometer All Programmable device back in the June quarter; the development of the industry's first ASIC-class programmable architecture called UltraScale; and the capability to enable devices co-optimize with our Vivado Design Suite that enables another 1.5x to 2x system-level performance and integration value. This past quarter, we were very encouraged by numerous successful competitive customer valuations with our 20-nanometer UltraScale devices. Coupled with a significant time-to-market advantage, we clearly have another generation of technology leadership, both in the midrange and, in particular, the high end of our 20-nanometer product offering. In addition, our FinFast program extends our world-class partnership with TSMC to create the fastest time-to-market, highest-performance FPGAs built on TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET process. The 16-nanometer FinFET combined TMSC's multi-year lead intensity with double patterning with the advantages what FinFET transistors for performance provides. We're combining the 16-nanometer process with our new UltraScale architecture, Vivado tool advantages, our multiyear leadership in SoC and 3D IC technology and our SmartCORE IP to provide the best solution for programmable systems integration, our customers' mandate for the FinFET node. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Romit Shah.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Jon, I just wanted to get some more color on the decline. I guess it's an older product revenue stream that's coming down this quarter. Could you just -- any color you can provide on which vertical or customer -- why the decline is happening now. And does this headwind go away after the December period?
Jon A. Olson: So, Romit, let me make sure I understand your question. This is about the decline from a large customer of older products on the wireless segment?
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Correct.
Jon A. Olson: Okay. Yes. So I just want to make sure that I had it straight. So, yes, what's happening here is we are seeing the pickup of LTE business in China. As we talked about this in the past, we thought it would begin in September, October. And in the September quarter, we did see, I would say, the beginning of it, and then we do believe we'll have acceleration of that as we go into December and then follow on in March. The offset to that is the business transition that's going on at the large European wireless customer where we had been shipping 65-nanometer products in large quantities into the LTE designs there. And as we've said in the past, we've lost the socket at 40-nanometer and there's a transition that's going on at that customer away from us for certain designs and towards our competitor. And so, what we're signaling here is over this past quarter and into next quarter is that, that revenue is starting -- is coming down some. And we believe by the time we get to the end of the December quarter, we'll have essentially bottomed out, for the most part, in that transition because we didn't have -- we relate with the product family of 40-nanometer and we didn't win those sockets as we did from the previous generation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer.
Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Ryan Carver for John. Just to kind of follow up on that question a little bit. I mean, is this decline at this other large European customer potentially impacting your attach rate to the LTE build-out in China? I guess, maybe broadly, I mean, how should we look at sort of the rollout in China? Is it going to be more 40 than 28 in terms of the process? Or maybe you could just sort of help us out with -- or sort of, from a node perspective, what kind of stories we should expect? And when the 40 to 28 transition should happen in terms of the China LTE rollout?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. Well, this decline that we're referring to from the European customer will not have any significant effect on the China position for Xilinx at all. I mean, that -- the number of the allocation, as best as we can tell, to the European-based manufacturers is pretty small in China. And so, we continue to be really bullish, very bullish on our position in China. The initial rollout of technology in China LTE at some customers, some manufacturers, primarily one, is a combination of 40 and 28. But that transition -- that large customer transitions to 28 pretty rapidly. And pretty much from the rest of the Chinese manufacturers, the other 4 manufacturers are coming out of the sheet with 28-nanometer products, which is largely ours. So we still believe we're going to have, by far, the most significant PLD share of the China LTE rollout, and this phenomenon that I'm referring to with the European manufacturer doesn't really impact that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jon, I'm just going to keep popping away on the same issue. I'm wondering if you could give us a sense as to the dollar value of the loss in Ericsson. And then, as you say it bottoms out in the December quarter, does that tell us something about the March quarter? And as much, is that no longer a drag on the business? And you said that China will continue its momentum. Do you expect China to actually -- China LTE to actually be up quarter-on-quarter in the March quarter based on what you can see at this point?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So again, if you look at our -- the fact that our communications business increased this quarter, and we actually -- most of -- the biggest part of the increase was in the wireless segment. So even with the decline of the European customer, we still grew wireless quarter-on-quarter. And again, we're forecasting the wireless to be up again a little bit in the December quarter. And having worked through most of the decline from the European customer, then that would indicate that -- assuming there's China business growth going on in March, that would be reflected more fully in terms of a bigger growth percentage in the wireless business for us in the March quarter. So I'm kind of putting all these things together. Really, it's kind of -- turns out to be around a 2-quarter transition of what we're experiencing here.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But, Jon, can you quantify how much it was?
Jon A. Olson: I'm not going to get into the quantification of that now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Jon, you guys have been signaling about -- talking about this share loss at 40. But beyond that, focusing on LTE, and we always see the fits and starts, you said that you expect the China LTE to -- can accelerate through December and March. What gives you the confidence that, that will happen? And then, my quick follow-up is, we've been picking up that lead times had been stretching out for some of your -- actually for the Kintex-7 and Virtex-5. Could you please comment if that's true or not? And where are the lead times?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So the rate -- Ambrish, the pace of the rollout is obviously dependent on, one, the OEMs, how fast the OEMs are going to be shipping into China Mobile and how fast the other providers come online as well. So we kind of have a 1 quarter at a time visibility, and the current forecast for this current -- this quarter that we're in right now and the following quarter do indicate a nice healthy ramp for us. So I mean, we're just -- we're going to base on what they're telling us. And the story seems to be consistent from all 5 of the major suppliers that account for 90% of what's going on. The Chinese manufacturers account for essentially 90% of that. And I'm -- and we're talking [indiscernible] in Shanghai Bell [ph] is 1 of the Chinese manufacturers where we have very strong position as well. So the forecasts are all very consistent, and they're all -- I mean, these are all up into the right for the next couple of quarters. So that's the basis with which I'm making that statement. And then, with respect to lead times, there's no doubt that, as Moshe just talked about, we are definitely doing well in the 28-nanometer revenue at a higher rate and it's ramping faster than we had even anticipated. And that has put some tension in the supply chain in terms of lead times. But at this point in time, we don't see anything ahead of us that's going to be able -- that's going to restrict us from hitting the numbers that we need to hit for 28-nanometer, although it is a little on the tight side.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So you're getting enough capacity from TSMC on that?
Jon A. Olson: We are definitely getting enough capacity from TSMC. But the question is, is how fast -- how good are we at forecasting what part in ordering ahead of time enough that we are getting really good support from our foundry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jon, first, now that there is more news around China LTE and some scope and timing of base station rollouts, is it sort of coming in line with your expectations or you still think it's a quarter-by-quarter kind of visibility?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So we've all -- there's been lots of things written about the pace of how fast this is going to happen and the rates to 200,000 base stations installed in a very short time period. We have never held that position. We have always held the position that this is going to be a multiple quarter rollout, and it was going to take the neighborhood of anywhere from 4 to 6 quarters to roll out this first phase. And we still maintain that it is -- it appears to be on a pace like it's more like a 4-quarter or so than it is. It's all going to be a rocket ship tomorrow. And a lot of that has got to be related to the fact that all of the front-end logistics requires that ordering patterns of all the manufacturers for silicon and other things that go into it. And so, we think it's on the pace that we would have -- we've been thinking about it and we've been forecasting, which is a multiple quarter rollout.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And as my follow-up, perhaps...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jon, I will need to get you to maybe provide some quantification of what revenue you saw from the China Mobile rollout into the September quarter and then roughly what you're expecting in terms of magnitude for the December quarter.
Jon A. Olson: So, Jim, I'm not going to get into any specific dollars per se. But I mean, again, we've been -- we have been -- we've had, I would say, a relatively low level of shipments over the previous several quarters, a little choppy, as they were doing some of their prototypes. And you've -- you look at the fact that our comms business overall is about the same level that it has been, so 43%, 44% kind of a range. And so, you can imagine that we're not talking about $30 million, $40 million kinds of growth sequentially quarter-on-quarter; it's a much smaller level than that, again, with this slow ramp. And that's about as much as I think I want to say about it. I don't want get into start talking about individual shipments to individual customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Jon, on the 28-nanometer product related to the China LTE build-out, would you say that most of the equipment that you're selling into today related to China LTE specifically is 28-nanometer? And then, as a follow-up to that, in terms of the customer that you talked about that was shipping some 40, some 28. And you guys are expecting a rapid transition to 28, do you expect that transition to happen in this 4- to 6-quarter first phase of rollout?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So pretty much everything we're shipping into the China LTE business is our 28-nanometer product, and it's actually a combination of Kintex and Zynq in some situations. So those are the 2 leading product families. So pretty much 100% of that -- of what we're shipping in there is 28-nanometer. On the transition for the -- to the large manufacturer that's going from 40 to 28, we would expect that to happen probably within the first -- within the next quarter or so, 2 quarters -- or probably 2 quarters more of those sockets starting to move to the 28-nanometer designs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Jon, just to follow up on that. You said that you're shipping Kintex and Zynq. My understanding is that some of these base stations actually use higher end parts. I'm just wondering if you're shipping Kintex and Zynq because the initial rollout is going to be only radios as opposed to base stations.
Jon A. Olson: Well, I mean, the value proposition that we are delivering in the base station arena for both radio and baseband cards and backhaul is in focus a lot on the performance of the fabric. And so, we are -- since we have a high-performance fabric on our midrange product, which is a differentiator, and it has a lot of DSP intensity, which is what's required to do all these waveform processing, if you will, really, Kintex is ideal. We've designed it -- that part to be -- to hit the sweet spot of what was required. The reason Zynq is in there is because Zynq also carries an additional processing capability in addition to DSP, and that's obviously being used, in some cases, to even enhance the offering from certain customers. So when you think about high end, you need to think about what attributes of the high end are important. And the most important attributes of the high end to the base stations are the DSP capability and the overall fabric speed. And the SerDes capability is, I would say, lower speed SerDes required. So this is why we decided to make Kintex focused on that -- those particular attributes and therefore that application. And that's where we differentiate ourselves from our competitor primarily, where they end up having to use higher-end parts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anil Doradla.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: When I look at your 28-nanometers, can you share with us how much revenues you got from prototyping? And as we exit 2014, if you look at China build-outs, what would you say your market share would be on the LTE rollout when it comes to 28-nanometers?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So let me take that, give Jon a little well-deserved rest. As you look at our offering this past quarter, prototyping was just about 10%. It's great business, we love it and it's recurring business in that we have the biggest designs, the biggest parts. And as long as we have the biggest parts, that continues because there is even a market for it. Having said that, it's now a small part of our business and has been a small part of our business for several quarters now. By far, the largest portion is Kintex and the entire Virtex product offering is catching up at this point in time. As you look at LTE, we designed Zynq particularly for that product offering. And as you look at the midrange past quarter, we actually had, I believe, 90% shipments. And we would be very disappointed if it drops below 80%. And so -- and that's what is the best product for LTE out there. So that's how we look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if we can talk about gross margins for a sec. You have pretty consistently been beating the target range, not taking that down but highlighting you'll stay in the same high range for a few more quarters. What would potentially bring that back down to the range? In other words, why not up the range to approximately where you've been recently and where you expect to be in the next couple of quarters?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so -- well, this is really around -- one around visibility and the trends in our business of where we're competing at. So in the past, we've talked about the successes we've had against not only ASIC written displacement, but ASSPs. And as we get more familiar with working in -- through some of those sockets. It does have some slightly different business characteristics relative to margin profile, depending on the sockets. In other words, the value proposition for an FPGA is worth something -- worth a premium, though maybe not as much of a premium in certain kinds of situations. So we really are -- we're not foreshadowing anything of that going down because we're in this. It's really more one around visibility of what we can see ahead of us. We are not intentionally planning on reducing the gross margin. We don't have anything, "Oh, it's going to drop off the table in 2 or 3 quarters." That's not what we're trying to signal. It's really one around visibility as the composition of the new business we've been winning.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I know you're not getting into the specifics around any of the customers but -- so just to clarify, in terms of the China build, did the product transition at the large European wireless OEMs -- I'm just trying to dance around the name here. Did the product transition there, did that completely negate any growth in China in Q4? And then, when would you expect the revenue to peak from the China LTE build-out?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So either quarter, actuals of September and our forecast for December, the decline in the European customer does not negate the increases from China. We are growing China faster than the decline. And so, I think that answered your question. And the next one is, when do we think the peak is going to be? I really don't know how to model the subsequent wave beyond the first 200,000 base stations. If I think about the 200,000 base station number, I mean, it kind of feels like the peak is going to be somewhere in the middle of next year, but I don't have a really solid view of that because, again, we're just starting it out now and I don't really have as much customer feedback of how things are going with a customer's customer at this point in time. Maybe in another quarter, I'll have a better view of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Going back to a prior question, do you expect Virtex-7 to contribute meaningfully in any 4G whether it's in China or elsewhere? And as such, do you see the market moving to the high end of the 28-nanometer range for communication application, or do you expect the current mix to be prevailing into next year?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: We expect the Virtex to start growing at a faster rate. It already is significant. If you look at all of the Virtex product families. But Kintex is still larger. Virtex primarily is targeted at non-wireless applications, so -- and the wireless applications tend to happen a little earlier and a little faster. The Virtex ones, we expect in 2014 and relatively early in 2014 to start to accelerate, and those are just -- it's a broad set of applications, and Virtex addresses them both. So military is another one which tends to take a little longer. The high-end applications generally have a long qualification time, whereas the midrange, which is the wireless, tend to happen faster. Virtex, we are on plan and doing actually very well there, and it will continue to accelerate. That's why, if you look at the overall numbers, we beat every prediction that we put in place and every target significantly. And you can see that we grew from significantly over $50 million to comfortably over $80 million. And now, we're predicting $90 million for the next quarter. And in 2014, we would expect growth beyond that, and that will have a significant Virtex component to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer technology. Can you refresh our memory on which families you're sampling -- you've sampled in 20-nanometers? Or if not, if you haven't sampled yet, when do you expect to be sampling silicon in 20, when you expect to have first silicon on 16 for various families?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So the -- we were the first semiconductor company to tape out a 28 with TSMC. We are the first semiconductor company to tape out a 20. We taped out in June. We believe we have a multi-year lead -- sorry, a multi-month lead over the competition at 20-nanometer. Actually, it's a bigger lead than we had at 28. The first product offering there will be Kintex-oriented, shortly followed thereafter by Virtex product line. And the generation beyond that, we are working closely with TSMC. We expect to have first chips [ph] and then tape-out in 2014 with TSMC. That's the current plan. We haven't announced which product, what -- the product tables are still something which we have not disclosed, so I'd rather not comment on that -- on 16. But on 20, the first Kintex shortly thereafter, there will be the Virtex product line on 20-nanometer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann.
Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can you guys give a little more detail on the legal action there on that impact to quarter in terms of what the issues are at hand and why you lost the judgment?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So we -- there was a case in the most popular place for -- to take large companies to, which is an East Texas jurisdiction, and we lost -- we got a judgment by a jury in Q4 of fiscal year '12. And after the jury gets done, then the judge gets an opportunity to review the decision and decide whether he wants to add any multiples to any of the aspects that were decided where the jury said we infringed on a few patents. And it's taken that judge from Q4 of FY '12 until this quarter in order to decide what to do, and that's when he added an additional, I think, $28 million of judgment on top of the $15 million for a total of $44 million. I guess, there's $1 million [ph] around in there somewhere because the total is $44 million. And so, now, we're in a phase now where the judge has asked us to spend a little more time with the other party and try to work out some sort of a royalty scheme to that. And then, there's a point in time where we get to appeal to a different jurisdiction, to whatever the next highest level court action would be. I think it's back in the Washington, D.C. circuit, which deals with all patents, and our intention is to do so. So at this point in time, this is really a part and parcel of the same decision that was made back in Q4 FY '12 on the same set of patents, and we have not gotten an opportunity yet through the legal process to appeal, which we plan to do. So there's no -- there's a P&L charge right now for $44 million, and there may be some sort of a bond posted in the future and those kinds of things, but we have not really stopped our fighting or negotiation in this particular situation because we think that the court did not find the right answer in this case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So -- well, hopefully, I can ask 2 follow-ups since I think I'm going [ph] again. One thing, so Intel talked about some delays at their 14-nanometer process yesterday. Do you think that impacts your competitor in the 14-nanometer market? Does that make you feel better about how you are looking in terms of your process technology versus theirs? And then, my second question is just on OpEx. We've seen it creep up here over the last few quarters. We're getting closer and closer to the next fiscal year. Any predictions on how OpEx looks going forward either next fiscal year for the rest of this?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Let me answer the first question, Chris. With regards to process technology, we feel incredibly gratified due to the quality of the relationship we have with TSMC. As the new kid on the block, we were last to start on 28 and first to deliver on 28, and that clearly has manifested itself extremely well in terms of market share. The revenue numbers are here. They're large, they're growing, they're accelerating. The proof is in the numbers. Similarly, in 20, we actually think we have the bigger lead in terms of time-to-market and we have a much broader product portfolio, broader and deeper one. And so, we feel very confident there. And the FinFast program we have with TSMC at 16 and the fact that they already will, at that point in time, have learned the ins and outs of double patterning and will move onto FinFET makes us very comfortable with our decision. So the -- there are always other alternatives out there in terms of foundry partners, but we're delighted with the one we have. And we intend to prove that, as we have in 28 and as we feel very comfortable with the 20-nanometer position, too. And with that, I'll hand it over to Jon.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. On OpEx, what's happened in terms of our OpEx from our original prediction from last Analyst Day is that we've had an increase because the share-based expense has cost us more because the stock price has gone up quite precipitously in that time period and our profitability has increased faster than we had anticipated. So our bonus plans are tied to profitability of the company. And so, that's part of the reason of why we've seen an increase over that original projection. From inside the projection, we are starting to spend more money on mass and wafers in the second half of this current fiscal year than the previous first half of the fiscal year because we are starting to tape out some additional products, as we've been talking about and Moshe referred to earlier on 20-nanometer and a few things on 28-nanometers as well. So there is some added costs relative to that. Going into next year, while it's next fiscal year doesn't start until April, so we're still in the middle of our planning process. We do believe mass costs will go up next year because it will be -- we'll be starting to tape out more 20-nanometer products and then onto 16-nanometer activity that we talked about. We're also very mindful that the business model needs leverage in there. We need to be growing cash flow and earnings on a year-on-year basis. And so, that's how we're thinking about it. We are thinking about growing the company and putting leverage in the company. I'm not going to give you any sort of a spending growth rate percentage at this time, but we are definitely mindful of both the things we have to do from a technology perspective and the financial aspects where we need to manage the P&L for growth in terms of return to shareholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time.
Rick Muscha: Okay. Well, we'll wrap up. Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of fiscal year '14 will be Tuesday, January 21, after the market close. This quarter, we will be presenting at the Crédit Suisse Annual Technology Conference in Scottsdale on December 3 and the BMO Capital Technology and Digital Media Conference in New York City on December 10. In addition, please do save the date for our 2014 Analyst Meeting on February 11 in San Francisco. More details to follow. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Sanjay Chaurasia - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Sameer Kalucha - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Ian Eigenbrod - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jay, and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Q1 Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the June quarter and then open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. In the June quarter, Xilinx sales were $579 million, up 9% sequentially and better than forecasted. Most of the sales upside was related to better-than-expected growth in wired communication, with aerospace and defense sales also stronger than expected. Sales from all geographies were up sequentially. Gross margin was higher than guided and a record 69% for the quarter. Roughly half of the gross margin upside is related to the result of margin expansion programs, which are yielding benefits faster than previously anticipated. The other half of the upside is product mix related. Operating expenses of 261 -- excuse me, $206 million includes amortization were in line with guidance. We were able to offset higher variable sales and profit-related expense with overall spending reduction. Operating margin was 33%, the highest since Q2 of fiscal year '11. New product sales drove most of the incremental sales growth during the quarter, increasing 24% sequentially. 28-nanometer sales exceeded $50 million, again, surpassing our forecast. Sales from this family were driven by all 5 family members, with Kintex family remaining the largest contributor. Our 40-, 45-nanometer node also posted double-digit sales increase, with strong growth from both Virtex-6 and Spartan-6. Mainstream products decreased during the quarter, and base products increased as a result of strength in specific aerospace and defense programs, as well as accelerated sales associated with the previously discussed foundry line closure. Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. Sales from communication and data center increased 8% sequentially, better than forecasted as a result of strong wired communication sales. Wireless sales were flat sequentially, slightly stronger than we had anticipated due to a pickup in North America-based LTE activity. Industrial and aerospace and defense sales increased 10% sequentially, with strengths from all 3 subcategories. Defense sales were stronger than anticipated due to shipments associated with a specific government program. Broadcast, consumer and automotive was up 4% sequentially. Finally, the other category, which represents only 3% of our total sales, benefited from strong high-performance computing business during the quarter. Other income and expense was a net expense of $10 million, slightly higher than forecasted. Net income for the quarter was $157 million or $0.56 per share -- per diluted share. Operating cash flow for the December quarter was $144 million before $11 million in CapEx. We paid $66 million in cash dividends during the quarter. Diluted shares for the quarter were 280 million, 3 million higher than guided, primarily due to the impact of the higher stock price. There was an 11.1 million share dilutive effect from our convertible note due to the higher stock price. For questions related to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $110 million to approximately $3.5 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $2.2 billion. Days sales outstanding increased 3 days in the June quarter to 42 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx declined by $14 million sequentially. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution together were 105 days, down from 110 days in the prior quarter. We expect inventory dollars to be approximately flat in the September quarter. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the September quarter of fiscal year '14. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up sequentially. We are expecting continued solid growth from new products, driven by 28-nanometer strength. Base and mainstream products are expected to be flat to slightly down sequentially. From an end-market perspective, we expect communications to be approximately flat, with wired --- wireless increases offsetting wired decreases. While we have begun to see increased activity associated with the China Mobile and China Telecom LTE deployments, we continue to expect those LTE deployments to be a more material contributor to sales in the December quarter. We expect industrial and aerospace and defense to be up, as growth from defense and tests are offset by decreases from ISM. Lastly, we expect broadcast, consumer and automotive to be approximately flat, with broadcast decreases offsetting increases from consumer and automotive. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be flat to up 3% sequentially, with sales from North America and Asia Pacific increasing, sales from Japan flat and sales from Europe down. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 53%, consistent with our 4-year average. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 69%. Though we are not revising our long-term growth margin target of 64% to 66% at this time, we believe gross margin will be approximately at the June levels for the next few quarters, as a result of product mix and continued focus on margin improvement across our product families. Operating expenses in the September quarter is expected to be approximately $225 million, including $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. We are revising our OpEx guidance for the fiscal year due to higher variable spending associated with higher-than-anticipated sales and profitability. The new fiscal year '14 operating guidance is approximately $495 million in R&D, approximately $385 million in SG&A and $10 million of amortization for a total of approximately $890 million for the year. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $9 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 284 million shares, and the tax rate for the June quarter is expected to be approximately 14%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. The 9% sequential growth in the June quarter was driven by increases in 6 of our secondary end markets. New product sales were exceptional during the quarter, increasing nearly 25% in the March quarter, 75% on a year-over-year basis. This growth was driven from both our 28-nanometer and our 40-, 45-nanometer product families, demonstrating widespread customer adoption in all application segments. 28-nanometer sales comfortably exceeded $50 million, higher -- significantly higher than our expectation. Sales were driven by growth from all 5 product families, led by our midrange Kintex-7 and all components of our high-performance Virtex-7 product families. In the September quarter, we expect 28-nanometer to continue its accelerated growth, exceeding $60 million in sales. We remain confident that 28-nanometer sales will surpass our fiscal year goal for 2014 of $250 million, a goal we had established at our Analyst Day in March. The accelerated sales ramp and tremendous customer adoption clearly demonstrate that we have established a proven technology leadership formula with our 28-nanometer portfolio. With Vivado, we've created the industry's first SoC-strength tool suite, which enables unmatched time to integration and implementation, and a very significant improvement in the positive results over previous development environments. Second, leveraging our world-class partnerships with both TSMC and ARM have created the broadest portfolio of All-Programmable FPGAs, SoCs, and 3D ICs, offering an extra node of performance, lower power, superior connectivity and an absolute breakout in programmable systems integration. Lastly, we're enabling smarter next-generation system and an even better alternatives to both ASICS and ASSPs, with a combination of SmartCORE IP, our C-based design tools and embedded software running on our industry-leading ARM-based solutions. We recently announced the tape-out of the semiconductor industry's first 20-nanometer device and the PLD industry's first 20-nanometer All-Programmable device. We also implemented the industry's first ASIC-class programmable architecture called UltraScale. UltraScale devices enable next-generation smarter networking equipment, smarter vision systems, high-performance computing and intelligent surveillance and reconnaissance systems. These devices, when coupled with our Vivado design suite, will enable Xilinx to deliver another 1.5 to 2x system-level performance and integration value advantage, well ahead of any competition. In the June quarter, we also extended what has been world-class partnership with TSMC by announcing that we're working on a program called FinFast to create the fastest time-to-market and highest performance FPGAs to be built on TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET process. We expect to deliver test chips later this year with first product coming in 2014. Having established proven leadership formula 28-nanometer and now expanding that formula with our next-generation architecture and product milestones, we are very well positioned to drive even more share gains against both ASICs, ASSPs and traditional PLD competition. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open us up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Jon, my question, the first on gross margin. You said half is structural and half is product mix. So beyond the next few quarters that you have guided to should be -- what's the right way to think about it? 150 bp is variable, but the 150 from structural stays. And then I have a follow-up as well, please.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so we have -- we clearly have been focusing a lot on margin improvement programs across the company, as I said in my remarks, that starting -- some of them are coming a little earlier than we anticipated. And so what I was saying in the call about the gross margin forecast for the next few quarters, we do expect it to be in the neighborhood of 69% at the June quarter. And it is driven by a combination of continued structural improvements that I expect will continue to improve in -- as we go throughout the year, and then the impact from the product mix will be a little variable as you go quarter-to-quarter. But I would expect over this coming quarter, that impact starts to decline a little bit. And because you have one positive trend and one trend that's moderating a little bit, we think we can keep the margins in the neighborhood of 69%, flat for a while.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, okay, that's helpful, because -- so the key takeaway is that the half from structural is not done yet. You're still working on that part.
Jon A. Olson: Oh, absolutely, and I see additional benefits out in time for us there.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, good. And then a follow-up for you, Moshe. As we think through, and especially in the context of what Vivado is helping you do, as we think through the next node, 28 and beyond that, where does the mix for the business going to look like? Because right now, most of the time, we spend on the comp side, but is industrial and auto and all the other segments finally getting to a point that you see them becoming a bigger proportion for the -- and then what would the mix be in 28 and beyond?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So 28-nanometer is the broadest and the deepest node we've ever had, and it benefits all of our businesses. But they tend to benefit from it at a different pace. They all benefit from it, but the ones which clearly have a lead in our communications at this point. And of course, some ASIC prototyping, which was the very early product offering, and that continues now we're sort of seeing other markets like test and measurement start to pick up, and we expect wired communications to pick up too. You are right in that if you sort of look at it from 30,000 feet, [indiscernible], then communications is the biggest benefactor at this point from 28-nanometer, and the other markets will benefit over time. And the Zynq products offering, in particular, will have a very significant impact on industrial, scientific and medical. And then some of the others like military, aero just tend to take quite a bit longer, as does medical to translate into revenue. As you move forward, the product offering tends to have a higher end component to it where communications will benefit more from that than some of the other markets. So I would say that the 28-nanometer, you've yet to see the other markets emerge in force. It's just starting. It's less than 10% of our revenue at this point in time, and it's growing rapidly. 20 will lead with communications, and it will take a little longer for the other markets to manifest themselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura.
Sanjay Chaurasia - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: This is Sanjay Chaurasia for Romit Shah. Moshe, one question I have for you, if you could provide any color on the wireline side of the business. It seems like it was the driver. Any color around if it was tied to any specific deployment and to service provider in enterprise [ph] or in technology, 10G versus 40G would be great.
Jon A. Olson: Sanjay, let me grab that one. So first, I would say that our wireline and data center business was very -- the increases were broadly distributed around customers. So if you look at the top 20 communications customers, of which there are quite a few wireline contributors in that more than the wireless, is pretty concentrated on a few names for us. But just the wireline, more than 75% of those -- of the customers that are in the top 20 showed an increase this quarter. So it wasn't just one technology or one application. We have made tremendous progress in 40-gig and 100-gig, since you brought those up, and particularly with our OTN-related IP is driving us to a tremendous number of design wins in that category. And some of those are starting to get into a preproduction kind of phase. But I have to say that if you look at the names of the tier 1s and even tier 2s, with communications customers in the wireline side, we saw quite a bit of growth, very broadly distributed.
Operator: The next question on the line comes from John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Ryan Carver in for John. Just a question on the linearity in the quarter. The data points seem to imply that April was a pretty good quarter and May was a pretty good quarter, but maybe there was some falloff in June. Can you talk about -- a bit about your linearity in the quarter and just kind of, if you saw any of that or something different to that?
Jon A. Olson: Ryan, June was actually pretty -- the quarter was pretty linear from a historic perspective. And in fact, at times, we've seen June fall off towards the end as it goes into the summer from -- particularly from an industrial perspective and, in some respect, some of the communication equipment. And we didn't really see any kind of fallout whatsoever. So June for us was, I would say, a very, very solid quarter because -- I mean, we ended up being over the top of our guidance a few points, right? So it certainly showed strength throughout the month of June, maybe more than we had modeled as we walked into the beginning of the quarter.
Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just as my follow-up question, on the OpEx side, when you took up -- I mean, I think the guide for the September quarter was a bit above expectations. When you took up the full year numbers, it looks like around a lot of R&D. But even as a percentage of revenue, it looks like it came up a little bit. How should we think about sort of R&D, specifically, the percentage of revenue? And -- I mean, is this the new run rate that we should expect? Or is this sort of a peaker, a peaking time around 20-nanometer and should expect that to fall off? And I guess, how should we think about this sort of OpEx levels kind of trending over the next couple of quarters?
Jon A. Olson: For the near term, our OpEx will -- the second half of the year by quarter will look pretty similar to our forecast for the September quarter. So we're forecasting $225 million. It's going to be pretty flat, maybe up just a tad in the second half on a quarterly basis but relatively flat to that. And what's happening underlying that is we start to get incrementally more mass expense in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. And the first half of the year ends up with more variable impact from profitable variable kinds of things, bonuses, et cetera, because of the -- that's directly tied to our op margins from an employee bonus perspective. And so what's actually happening in the second half is the underlying I&D -- R&D, not the variable piece, but the contribution from developing and launching products goes up somewhat and the variable expenses moderate a little bit.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm hoping you can dig into the TD-LTE opportunity for us. It seems like we didn't see the strength from that this quarter as anticipated in the next quarter, also not a big impact but something bigger, you said, starting in December. Can you help us think about the potential upside there? And as we've seen the bid for one of the big carriers, investors have contemplated competitive moves by the others to drive a more robust growth opportunity in that end market. Can you comment as to whether you've seen any of that?
Jon A. Olson: Sure, let me -- we'll be happy to do that. The China TD-LTE business, we've been saying for some time that it was a second half of our fiscal year growth for us. So the December quarter and the March quarter for us was where the ramp would take place, so beginning in the September-October time frame. And at this point in time, we still have that same view that's been pretty consistent for us for the last 6 months, but that's been our view. Even though I know various other companies and other parts of Wall Street have tried to forecast acceleration, that will be pulled into the summer, et cetera, we've never really seen that. We've shipped in the March quarter and -- particularly and a little bit in the June quarter, we have shipped in with some prototype and early production for some of the early city trials that they're doing. And we certainly acknowledge the fact that the bids have now gone out at least for one of the suppliers, and so this process is moving along, I would say, pretty much as we had thought it would. And we're not -- I'm not trying to say we've got a great crystal ball and we know precisely what's going on, but it is relatively consistent with our view of the world. Now relative to the speed of the ramp, now we still believe there's the 200,000 base stations that are going to get deployed, and there's a lot of conversation around, are some of them upgradable from the old generation and the new generations? Those are very difficult things to know because it depends on which manufacturer, OEM, gets the business and which -- whether the provider decides to pursue some sort of a hybrid upgrade strategy. There's all these different articles written about how it could be done and whatever. At this point, it's not really clear how that's going to work out. We're very confident with our design win levels at all the manufacturers that we believe will be providing units. And again, we see the ramp beginning in the September, October timeframe for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Sameer Kalucha - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Sameer Kalucha calling in for Chris Danely. One question on the share count. It has been creeping up, so I'm wondering how much is that from the convert? And how does it -- or how do we expect it to trend forward? Are there going to be any buybacks to bring it back to the earlier levels?
Jon A. Olson: Well, clearly, in the last several quarters, the impact has been a great deal from -- disproportionately from the convert versus other sources that have been driving it up. Now we do have some anti-dilutive protection in one of the 2 debt offerings that, from an accounting perspective, doesn't end up showing in the diluted shares. But that being said, it's really being driven more by the converts than anything else. And as the stock price goes up more, then more of it gets into the money in terms of the bigger way. We are still committed, as we've said consistently, to a share repurchase and a dividend program to return cash to shareholders. And we are still committed to buying back at least $150 million of stock for fiscal year, and I'll just leave it at that.
Operator: Next, we have Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A couple of questions. Moshe, how would you address the concerns from some quarters, saying that the industry can skip 20 nanometers and go from 28 to the 14, 16 FinFET? And the follow-up question was, was there any end-of-life for last-time buys? During the quarter, did you benefit from that?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So no, if you look at the -- our current plans, we expect the next offering to be split over 2 nodes. It will be our UltraScale 20 and our UltraScale 16. And we are basically making sure that for the product offering, which benefits from the ultimate in terms of performance, then it's the 16 node, that, that will be a more expensive node and hence, the more cost-sensitive applications, are better serviced by 20-nanometer. And we're just splitting the family -- our next family across those 2. There'll be a very broad product offering at 20-nanometer and being first, and we believe actually having a larger lead now than we had at 28-nanometer node. We expect to have a very strong position at 20-nanometer. And we'll continue with our plans and committed to moving forward. And we, being in the lead, other companies have different strategies. But generally, I believe, for FPGAs, there's a huge benefit from -- going from 28 to 20, and that will be available -- as we tape out now, that will be available to our customers to start design, and they're already starting designs. And if they wait for nodes after that, that delays them by quite a significant period of time. So I think it's a very viable node for FPGAs. In other industries, in particular, ASSPs, I can see why for the very high performance, maybe graphics, they would want to skip straight to the 16-nanometer node. And that would make sense for them. For us, both nodes have their benefits, and we're splitting the business across them.
Jon A. Olson: I'll handle the second part of the question. So Anil, the situation we talked about some time ago is that one of our boundaries is end-of-life-ing [ph] a line. We were kind of the last man standing, and we've gotten to the point now where we cannot start any more wafers in that line. And so we've accumulated a significant amount of inventory for our customers, but this isn't what I would call our typical end-of-life for products. This is something that was accelerated by the fact the foundry was -- stopped producing products for us, so we've built a lot of inventory and are getting forecast and commitments from our customers, and we'll be delivering those products over an extended amount of time. So I'm talking about many, many quarters out in time. So you're not going to see, at least certainly anywhere in the near term, some giant pop and then a reversal of fortunes downstream. If you -- a good way to look at this is to look at our base product family. And if you look at the base products, which is where -- which is part of the base product family, is this particular set of products, and you'll see that the base products went up about $20 million quarter-on-quarter. Of that, about $10 million of that was related to an acceleration, if you will, over a normal run rate that certain customers decided to take part ahead of price increases. But the other $10 million was driven by strength in aerospace and defense business and the specific A&D program that continue to buy our legacy parts in order to ship into some of the larger programs that we've won historically, which will continue again for many years, because these are very large programs that the government is going to continue. So the real short of the answer -- to answer the question, there was some impact to that to both revenue and gross margin, but we don't expect this to be some sort of a leading, large pop that's here and then goes away in the following quarter.
Operator: Next, we have the line of Sumit Dhanda with ISI Group.
Ian Eigenbrod - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: This is Ian in for Sumit. Did you guys say how much Q2 was helped by the specific government programs?
Jon A. Olson: We did not say that. I did just comment on the answer to the previous question that there was about $10 million in our base product family that was incremental. I'd say, actually, compared to what we thought at the beginning of the quarter, about $10 million of business came in on a project that we weren't expecting. But there was actually another project that was in the neighborhood of the same size. So we continue to see improvement in our defense business, which I think maybe is a sign that the sequestration concerns and fears that may have been making the suppliers a little more reticent have loosened up a little bit. And we're forecasting defense to be up again in this September quarter as well. So we're seeing good contribution from the defense systems.
Operator: Next, we have the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim. I was hoping to follow up on your commentary on wireless CapEx. You mentioned your expectation for China, but I was hoping you could also provide some color on trends in North America and perhaps more broadly in other geographies as well?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, from an overall LTE perspective, we've been doing really well with the whole North America rollout, as well as South Korea and Japan. And it -- everybody's kind of wanted to say, "Oh, where is the big increase coming out of North America?" We've had, in our wireless business for quite a few quarters, very strong contribution for the rollout of Verizon and LTE -- excuse me, Verizon and AT&T. And then as Sprint starts to kick in, I think that will be some incremental. So we've got a really nice North America business that has a little bit of lumpiness, and we continue to see that strength go on for the next several quarters at least. So that's very good. We've seen, of late, some strength out of the South Korea area. And as I mentioned earlier, we're yet to see anything significant out of the China deployment. A couple of quarters ago, we did ship into some trials for Europe, but we've not seen any significant signs of any build from a European perspective at this point in time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A question for you on your visibility, looking at your market share potential in the China business, given the design wins that you've seen today and the progress you've made with Kintex, what's your confidence that in this next deployment, whatever the size, whatever the timing, that your share position will be better than the last time?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: The -- Glen, the question is related to China or generally speaking?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. I'm sorry, the China LTE buildout.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay, okay. So we're very confident that it's going to be a lot better than it was in the previous node. The Kintex product is the winning product in terms of its cost and performance and power and was designed specifically to address the wireless market. It actually is also beneficial for others, but it's definitely a clear winner there. And with regards to wireless, in particular, we're expecting a very high percentage of the wireless LTE business in China to use Kintex. If you compare it to the 40-nanometer, I would say, it's several times in terms of percentage of what we got. And I think we, at most, had 20%-ish before.
Jon A. Olson: It was -- in the early part of the 3G rollout in China, it was higher. And then it declined as designs moved to 40-nanometer. It started out in 65, and then they moved to 40 in China. And that's where we were disadvantaged with that product family. And the way that the LTE is going to roll out is that at the beginning, there will be some -- in certain supplier -- OEMs, there will be some 40-nanometer product, again, where we're disadvantaged. But they'll all be transitioning to 28-nanometer relatively rapidly over the initial few quarters, and we're very confident of our share position with the 28-nanometer win.
Operator: Next, we have the line of Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Jon, I just wanted to clarify one thing around the $10 million of base business that you talked about being incremental. Are you expecting any of that? Or is there any of that continuing into your fiscal Q2, that's implicit in your guidance or no?
Jon A. Olson: So what I would characterize being for the aerospace and defense business, that part of that increase in base of $20 million -- the $10 million of the $20 million was due to some specific aerospace and defense projects, and then we do expect a strong up defense business. And some of them will be in base, some of them will be in mainstream products. So we do expect a strong, healthy defense business. The $10 million that I was characterizing as -- was more along the broad-based foundry EOL. We do expect that to continue into the next quarter. But again, we're forecasting base to be overall kind of flat to down-ish. So we aren't expecting any sort of big pops from this particular EOL that will go on for quite a long time.
Operator: Next, we have the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So revenue estimate's likely going up nicely this year. It seems most of the upside is 40- and 45-nanometer design wins. It seems 40 and 45 is up 20% this quarter, and it looks like, this year, you're still on track for $250 million in that 28. Is that sort of the right framework we should think of?
Jon A. Olson: Your latter statement is correct. But no, the growth that we've experienced overall is very strong 28-nanometer. We happen to have a slightly stronger contribution from 40, 45. But I don't -- I would expect, over the fiscal year, revenue growth horizon that 28 becomes the much more rapid growth vector for us.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, so north of $50 million this quarter and still on track for $250 million for the full year.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: We were explicit that we were well north of $50 million, and we set a target of $60 million. And we've beaten all of our targets to date. Our target for the year is $250 million, and we're very confident about beating that target.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Moshe, with the efforts at 16 and 20 nanometers at the same time, maybe you could articulate the benefits that the FinFETs give you? You said these are more for the expensive high-end parts, so is that -- is it sort of a logic shrink or lower power solutions, more integration?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Really, as you move from technology to technology, the benefits you get are typically lower power and higher performance, and achieving lower cost is more difficult and actually requires re-architecting your system and designing it from scratch to fully exploit the benefits of that. And some customers can do it, and some customers find that more difficult and it's a higher effort. If you compare 16 to 20, then 16 has the FinFET. And 16 will undoubtedly have even higher performance and lower power than 20. But 16 inherently is a more complex manufacturing process, and FinFETs are more difficult to design and require more manufacturing steps. Hence, they cost more. So you can achieve higher performance. You can achieve lower power. You can modulate between those 2. It's difficult for a given design to achieve cost reduction. So by definition, 16-nanometer addresses the high end of the product offering: communications -- Mil/Aero wired communications, Mil/Aero test and measurement, prototyping and less the other markets we address.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I turn the call back to the presenters.
Rick Muscha: Great. Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter of fiscal year '14 will be Wednesday, October 16, after the market close. This quarter, we will be presenting at the 2013 Citi Global Technology Conference in New York City on September 3. This concludes our call. Thank you very much for your interest and for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Delos Elder Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Tyler Radke - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Ryan Goodman - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter and then open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. Fiscal year 2013 was highlighted by sales growth from our new products, which increased more than 80% from the prior year, driving PLD share gains for the year. Although muted macroeconomic conditions contributed to an overall sales decline of 3%, Xilinx achieved a record gross margin in fiscal 2013. Gross margin of 66% was an increase from 65% in the prior fiscal year, a direct result of our continued focus on margin expansion projects across our product portfolio. In the March quarter, Xilinx sales were $532 million, up 4% sequentially and at the midpoint of the guidance we've provided. Sales from all geographies, with the exception of Japan, increased sequentially. Gross margin was 66.1%. Operating expenses of $204 million including amortization were $4 million lower than expected, due primarily to lower discretionary, sales-related and litigation expense. New product sales increased 13% sequentially, with particularly strong growth from Kintex-7 and Virtex-7 FPGAs. 28-nanometer product sales exceeded $40 million in the quarter, surpassing our previously stated goal of greater than $30 million. Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. Sales from communications and data center decreased 1% sequentially. This was slightly weaker than we had forecasted. We had expected this sector to be up slightly, driven primarily by wired communications. The actual results were driven by a decline in wired customers, primarily on older products. New products, however, were up sequentially. The decline in wired was partially offset by wireless customers shipping both 3G and LTE technologies on a global basis. We continue to expect TD-LTE business to be a significant sales contributor in the second half of the calendar year. Industrial, aerospace and defense sales increased 7% sequentially, with strengths from all 3 subcategories. Broadcast, consumer and automotive was stronger than anticipated, with double-digit percentage growth from all 3 subcategories. Other income and expense was a net expense of $9 million, $2 million higher than planned, primarily due to impairment losses on private equity investments. Net income for the quarter was $131 million or $0.47 per diluted share and included a tax benefit of $12 million or $0.04 per diluted share as a result of a catch-up benefit related to the restatement of the R&D -- reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. Operating cash flow for the December quarter was $174 million before $6 million in CapEx. We paid $58 million in cash dividends during the quarter. Diluted shares for the quarter were 277 million. There was a 9.4 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes. For questions relating to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments were flat at approximately $3.4 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $2.1 billion. Days sales outstanding decreased 2 days in the March quarter to 39 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx declined by $25 million sequentially. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution were 110 days, down from 131 days in the prior quarter. We expect inventory dollars to be down again in the June quarter as we work toward a target of 90 to 100 days of combined inventory. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the June quarter of fiscal '14. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up sequentially. We are expecting continued growth from our new products. From an end market perspective, we expect communications to be approximately flat as wired increases offset wireless decreases. We expect industrial and aerospace and defense to be up slightly as growth from industrial, scientific & medical and test & measurement are offset by declines in defense. Lastly, we expect broadcast, consumer and automotive to be up, driven by increases in both consumer and automotive. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be up 1% to 5% sequentially, with sales from all geographies expected to be flat to up, with the exception of Europe, which is expected to be down. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 54%, which is lower than the prior quarter but in line with our 4 year average. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 66% to 67%. Operating expenses in the June quarter are expected to be approximately $206 million, including $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. We remain comfortable with the full year operating expense guidance we provided at our recent investor meeting. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $8 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 277 million shares. And the tax rate for the June quarter is expected to be approximately 13% to 14%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. The 4% sequential sales growth in the March quarter was driven by double-digit increases on 6 of our secondary end markets. This broad-based strength highlights recovery in our business. Revenue was primarily driven by exceptional growth from our 28-nanometer product family, which exceeded $40 million, significantly surpassing our expectations. 28-nanometer sales were driven by both our midrange Kintex-7 and our high-performance Virtex-7 product families. We are now converting technology leadership to revenue growth. 28-nanometer Xilinx is a generation ahead of our competition in 4 areas. We have the broadest portfolio with our all programmable FPGAs, SoCs and 3D ICs. Second, we have the best products with an extra node of performance, lower power, high levels of integration and connectivity with the industry's absolutely best service. Third, and per our customers, critically more importantly, as our average design complexity has skyrocketed, we enable the highest productivity with Vivado, the industry's first SoC-strength tool suite. This enables delivering unmatched time to integration and implementation and, by far, the best quality of results, i.e. higher density, higher performance and lower power. Lastly, we enabled smarter systems with the unique combination of SmartCORE IP, C-based design tools and libraries, embedded software running on our market-defining ARM-based solutions. Leveraging all 4 advantages, revenue growth is already being driven by continued PLD share gains, considerable displacement of ASICs and ASSPs, aggressive market penetration and core target growth driver applications. Smarter 100-gig wired networks, wireless HetNets, data centers, retail and vision-based systems. In the March quarter, we announced multiple industry first, the 20-nanometer, clearly demonstrating between our -- this node to staying a generation ahead. Vivado Tool Suite now supports 20-nanometer designs. We are currently working with numerous Early Access customers. We'll be taping out our first 20-nanometer device this quarter as predicted. The rollout of our 7 Series and Zynq All Programmable SoC product generation is nearly complete with all 5 families in production. Fiscal year 2013, 28-nanometer sales comfortably surpassed $100 million. Over 500 customers receiving shipments in the March quarter alone in a broad base of applications including communications, industrial, defense and broadcast. In the June quarter, we expect our 20-nanometer shipment -- 28-nanometer shipments to, again, exceed $14 million in sales. As we discussed at our Analyst Day last month, we are very confident 28-nanometer sales will grow to more than $250 million in fiscal year 2014. With an improving demand environment, industry's broadest and, by far, best 28-nanometer portfolio, focusing penetration into the highest growth applications and significant progress in displacing ASICs and ASSPs, the new fiscal year promises to be an exciting year for Xilinx, here, where we will clearly connect technology leadership to revenue and demonstrate we're a generation ahead for accelerated growth. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jon, in your prepared comments, you talked about a meaningful uptick expected in the back half of the calendar year for TD-LTE. The LTE cycle has been one that investors have been waiting for, for a while. I guess what gives you the confidence in the TD-LTE market? And if you could also just discuss the kind of the LTE build-out here in the developed countries. We saw AT&T kind of lower their CapEx for the out years. When do we start to see kind of the content pickup story for you guys within that spend?
Jon A. Olson: Sure, John. So let's just talk about the TD-LTE portion first and I'll go to the second half after that. So we get -- the information we get is primarily from our customers. And the customers in China who are providing, or are the likely candidates to provide that equipment have given us forecasts that indicate in the second half we're going to have a -- the beginning of the ramp for that design. We have already sold into equipment where they're kind of doing their booked prototyping and their first-generation of testing of that capital equipment. And so I'm just putting these 2 things together. They're forecast for the second half of the year now, of course, these aren't binding forecasts, these aren't orders that are booked and all is subject to change. But usually what we've seen is the beginning of the prototype build followed within a quarter or 2 of the ramp. So the combination of their forecast, which means there must be some confidence that they want us to build enough parts for that as well as the beginning of prototypes is where I'm getting that information. The second question or maybe Moshe, do you have any additional color on the LTE before I...
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, China is expected to happen in the second half, and all of the signals highlight that, that is the plan and is ongoing.
Jon A. Olson: Okay. The AT&T announcement is kind of interesting. We obviously are pretty aware of that, of what was said. But when you peel back the onion of what's inside there and we have talked to the carrier about this, their program is associated with wireless rollout of LTE. Actually, it's preserved in terms of the kind of ramp they've been talking about in terms of capital spend and deployment across the country for the rest of this year and into next calendar year. So it's a very specific name to that program and we've gone and talked to them and checked with that. And our best information is, is that the wireless LTE portion of this is not substantially impacted by the statements that they made.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And maybe as my follow-up, guys, just quickly, another good quarter on the gross margin line, without yet seeing, I think, the benefit of some of the share gains you're expecting in 28-nanometer. I guess, given your leadership position is at 28, as that becomes a bigger mix of the overall revenue stream, is there opportunities to kind of get the margins above the higher end of your target, given that there's still a gap between yourselves and your closest competitor?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So there's no question we are continuing to do everything we possibly can to move the margin number up. The fact that we haven't changed our business model, I kind of anticipate the question on that as well. The fact that we haven't changed our business model is not really important relative to our view in the short term that we do think margins are going to continue to be healthy. I think one of the things we've talked about at the Investor Day was around the increasing importance of Zynq against ASSPs. And we're still working through those kinds of competitive situations. And in terms of changing our business model, I think we're just being cautious. But there's no doubt in the short run, as evidenced by our forecast for the June quarter, we are confident that margins have drifted up and continue to drift up a little bit if you go back over the last 6 quarters and plot it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One more on gross margin. One thing that Altera has done, had these products customized for different applications, i.e. with cost optimal structures, some of it in high-k metal gate, some without. And they have often explained that, that's the reason that their gross margins have tended to be higher. Is that a valid reason? Is that the kind of gap that you can close through your own design activity? Or do you think there is that structural gap that will remain?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So we have, over the past 5 years since the new management team has been in place, we've focused on improving the gross margins. And we believe that with the unquestionably superior portfolio we have and the broader portfolio we have and the deeper portfolio we have, we will get -- we audit for that and there is now the operational focus on driving defect densities and making sure that the overall portfolio has the right mix. So there's various ways of addressing it, and we like the way we've addressed it. It gives us technology leadership, market leadership and, unquestionably, a strong position. So I wouldn't say there's only one way to address it and the results speak for themselves. Ours have floated up. And despite the fact that we're now shipping a lot of 28-nanometer, the margins have gone higher rather than lower, which typically in the past it would go the other way when we are introducing a new generation of product. So -- but fundamentally, I believe that our overall portfolio strategy at 28 is absolutely winning and superior at this point.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And as a follow-up, there's some frequent concerns that the large Chinese equipment vendor has been trying to actively use more of their internal ASICs. I know it's not a new concern but it does come up frequently, and the related concern to that is that maybe for this initial prototyping part of PBLT, they might be using more PLDs. But as they go forward, that they might try to use more of an internal ASIC solution. Can you put that concern to bed once and for all, because I think that has -- it just comes up so frequently?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, we are confident that we have tailored our Kintex product to be absolutely a perfect solution for those wireless requirements. And what does happen is for the first few years, things change quite a bit, and the flexibility inherent in the FPGA is fundamentally a big feature that enables them to address that. And so between the flexibility they need and the very strong match that we have with our product offering to their requirements, and Kintex was targeted specifically at that, then I think we have a very strong position. Now any of our customers at any point in time can decide to do this. It typically is a risky, lengthy and complex thing to do, and it does happen from time to time. It just is becoming rarer and rarer. And so the number of companies that can do it has dropped. And even at the biggest names, and you've alluded to one of them, where they do undoubtedly have capacity, they tend to want to use it strategically where it has the biggest impact, and that biggest impact actually tends to be more on the consumer side where they have huge volumes and very short product life where they can exploit that most effectively. So I would never say never. I'm just saying it's more difficult and we're intent on making it more and more challenging as we move forward to advance nodes at the fastest pace possible.
Jon A. Olson: And we're seeing no signs of this activity. So I mean, again, it could always happen in the future but I wouldn't think if -- you had specifically talked about, maybe right after prototyping. No way, I don't believe that's happening at all just for all the reasons Moshe said, in terms of the change that's still going on in the overall environment and et cetera. So I don't think that's going to happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: First question is just getting back to the end markets and the guide. Jon, I think you mentioned that in the coming quarter, wireless will be down. But then I'm trying to reconcile that with TD-LTE builds happening. And since you did some prototyping, if they're happening in the back half and assuming they're strong, then what is weaker in wireless? So that's my first question. The second question is back to your business model through the cycle -- through the cycle, through all the top line volatility, the franchise has become more profitable. So could you please remind us again, and I won't ever fault you for not returning enough to shareholders, but the business is more profitable and you churn out a boatload of cash. So just remind us on the priorities on buyback versus dividend.
Jon A. Olson: Ambrish, wow, you've covered a whole lot of stuff in that question. From an end market perspective, yes, I can sense why there's may be some dissidence or differences in those 2 statements that I made that you mentioned. But a lot of what's going on is just what our customer patterns of individual projects. So nowhere near the entirety of our wireless business is dedicated to TD-LTE. In fact, it's obviously very small at this point in time. And again, prototypes tend to be built in batches, and then there's a deployment and then there's contracts-led and then there's approval for it. So it's natural to have kind of a buildup in one quarter, a pause and then a kind of an initialization of ramp when you're talking about a new technology rolled out. So that's some of what you're seeing in the June forecast. And then very broadly, the rest of our business, which is related to both 3G and LTE rollouts elsewhere in the world, it's just the normal bumpiness. I mean, we're not going way down or way up. It's just down a little bit in wireless and then up on the wired section. So it's not really particularly very pronounced for either one of those 2 subsegments in the direction that we've forecasted. So hopefully that was helpful. From a business model approach, yes, we are very profitable. I will remind you that we did return $430 million of our $660 million of operating cash this year to shareholders, so a very high percentage of what we generated this year. And we are confident about growing profitability in the company, and we will make adjustments to our return -- our cash return to shareholders as those opportunities present themselves relative to growing cash balances and decisions that we make about how to do that. So just to refresh your memory on what our strategy is, the first preference is dividend, and we've raised our dividend every year since inception, and we raised it again here in the last quarter by a double-digit percentage. And the buyback is at least dilution or in the range of $150 million -- $100 million to $150 million every year plus opportunistic on top of that, which is really dependent on the stock price and the cycles that are going on. And so we have an algorithm that we use as a guideline, but not as an absolute, and we implement that as it hits our stock prices.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just returning to the carrier CapEx commentary again. If you set China aside for a second and look at the broader market outside of China, if you total up what all the carriers have said about their spending plans for the year and look at what they spent so far, you mathematically conclude that there is going to be a big recovery in the back half of the year. So my question is, based on your customer forecast, do they basically support that snap back in the back half of the year or are you more cautious on whether that can really happen?
Jon A. Olson: Jim, when we put together our forecast for the year this year, and we try to add this thinking into what we talked about in the Investor Day in March is I agree with you. It looks a heck a lot more bullish if you add up all the capital spending that's been published, and we've indicated a very strong snap back in the second half, and we haven't actually -- we haven't modeled anything near that strong. I view it -- I think it's going to be more of a steady growth situation, not some sort of a step function up for a couple of quarters. So I think we've been a lot more cautious.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's very helpful. And then as a follow-up, you have noted a really large increase sequentially in Europe. I think Europe was up 14% sequentially, and obviously, that's way outside the bounds of what the broader market in something like analog is doing. So can you help us understand what's going on with the European sales? Is that all being driven up by step-up in your large European telecom customer? And what do you expect from that region going forward?
Jon A. Olson: Actually, the growth in Europe was very broad-based, and the industrial improvement that we had forecasted in Europe came through. We had double-digit growth, I would say, in the mid to small customer range, just as we had forecasted. And it's nothing -- if anything, by the way, it was a little weaker than we thought in North America in that category, but in Europe, everything came out just right. So we had, in addition to this broader base industrial growth, which came through distribution support primarily, we also had strength in automotive this quarter that was focused a lot on that European market. So very strong business there. We had a few isolated aerospace and defense increases in Europe, greater than on a growth basis as well. Moshe talked about having multiple sub end markets growing. I mean, it really, this "recovery" that we had forecasted really was broad-based and it kind of got us back, I'd say, to the normal supply-demand kind of thing. I haven't been able to reconcile what other semiconductor companies have said in this, because I know there's been a lot of negativity going even into the March quarter around strength in industrial. We absolutely saw strength & industrial and in test & measurement and in broadcast and in automotive. And it wasn't just a large communications customer in Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Delos Elder: This is Delos on behalf of Glen. I wanted to ask really quickly, if you can disclose it. How much of your cash balance is offshore and how much of your cash flow would you say is offshore as well?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I'm always hesitant to give you -- to give precise numbers on the offshore/onshore cash split because we do have ways of bringing cash back to the U.S. cash efficiently -- cash tax efficiently. Obviously, not all of it, some of it would get a 35% haircut. So I always bristle when someone or an investor says, "I'm just taking your estimate of your offshore cash and giving you a 35% haircut." That really isn't right -- the right way to look at it. In the neighborhood of 1/3 or so is onshore and 2/3 is offshore. But again, I'm cautioning you some of the offshore can be brought back cash efficiently. From a cash generation perspective, I think we've told you, definitely have talked about this before. We're comfortable with our U.S. cash generation, able to absorb dividend -- our dividend payment plus increases in the future and dividend along with supporting all our U.S. needs for cash. So we're in a pretty good position in cash generation in the U.S. and also pretty good position in terms of our overall cash balances.
Delos Elder: And then regarding OpEx, it seems to be coming in a bit lower than expected. Are you being conservative there? Or -- and when does spending for 20-nanometer kick in?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so I think we're pretty much on our thought process in terms of our June forecast for OpEx. And it does grow throughout the year, so the second half of the year is greater because of tape-outs primarily. And there will be additional tape-outs for the next generation. I mean, there's still some tape-outs going out but it's on a relatively low level of finishing off the 7 Series and Zynq parts. And in the second half, we will get some uptick in the second half, nowhere near the kind of uptick we experienced in the last fiscal year, where we had our huge crescendo. It's a little flatter starting, if you will. So second half up from first half.
Delos Elder: Great. And if I can just ask one more. 28-nanometer color, where is it doing well in the short run and where do you see it most successful in the long run?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, it's, by far, our broadest product offering. And if you look at the portfolio, it goes all the way from the low end, the Altix family, through Kintex, which is a wireless-oriented family, to Virtex and then there's the high-end of Virtex, which is primarily implemented with the 3D technology, where we're the only ones who are shipping that in production today. If you look at the breadth, it addresses all of the markets we're in. So there actually isn't a market that we play in which will not be served very well by 28-nanometer. If you look at timeframe, these markets tend to happen at a different rate. So wireless, the high end of test & measurement actually happened to occur quickly. Emulation, of course, happens quickly, too. So those are the 3 faster ones. And then the other markets tend to happen at their own distinct rates, where typically some elements of the aerospace and defense take the longest, but not all of them because even though they are markets that move faster than the average. But I would say it's a continuum, where the 3 that I mentioned are the fastest coming out. But based on the fact we've shipped to 500 customers in all of the markets we serve, it's coming out very broadly and strongly across the entire portfolio. And we expect it to manifest itself in being by far the strongest node we ever have had. And the early signs and the $100 million worth of revenue that was shipped this past fiscal year and the $250 million, which we feel confident in, are all manifestations of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, Moshe, I had a question on your Zynq product line. Clearly, there's a trend of ASSP replacement and Zynq is benefiting from that. Can you walk us through how you expect that to play out over the next couple of years? And do you think Zynq could be a 10% revenue generator for you guys?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, we -- it's a groundbreaking product and it addresses a lot of markets, which, again, happens at different rates. But for sure, it will be 10% or higher of the 28-nanometer generation. And because at any point in time, we're shipping numerous generations of product in parallel, it isn't likely to become 10% of our overall revenue anytime soon. But then there's the follow-on product of Zynq which will build upon that. So for 28-nanometer, for sure, it should be in excess of 10% above that. The way these markets work and the target markets to Zynq, some of them, for example, automotive and industrial, take a little longer to manifest themselves. So that will -- won't happen in the short term, but 3 to 4 years out, I would expect it to be well in excess of 10% of the overall revenue of the 28-nanometer shipments.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So is it fair to say that initial deployments are on high end, and as you get out new iterations, you're going to work your way towards the mid and low end?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: I wouldn't use high end and mid and low end here. I would say that it's market dependent. But Zynq is a mid and low end product by definition. It's not an ultra-high end product. It's basically focused on Kintex and Altix type sort of markets. But I would say within those, it's at the high end of those markets. That's what we've targeted Zynq at. And it's -- the design wins are phenomenal, and this year, it will start to be visible. The year we're in, the fiscal year we're in, it will be visible on the shipments. It just won't be at the 10% level yet by the end of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can you give us a similar discussion of the 3D business today? Can you help us now that you're over $40 million a quarter, can you help us decide how big that exposure might be and how big it might get?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well okay, let Jon -- I'll let Jon answer the first part and then I'll talk about where I think it could go.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So I mean, the 3D, which implementation generally describes our largest devices, and the largest devices go into a combination of end markets relative to test & measurement and emulation and prototyping, and then also high end communications for high-speed -- for lots of [indiscernible] and then also aerospace & defense and other in communications, where you can take out much larger ASICs. So those are all descriptions of businesses that many of them don't take off like right away. But yet the emulation and prototyping do take off relatively fast. And vis-à-vis the strength of our $40 million are definitely was a significant contribution there. But by and large, as Moshe talked about how strong wireless and other end markets have been, our midrange product has taken off much, much faster from the revenue perspective. So it is extremely important to us, that technology, and it has been a very strong contributor to the $100 million level, but it's actually not the biggest component of what we've been shipping up to now.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Kintex by far has been the biggest component, and there's been huge take-up of Kintex shipments in the wireless market, so that's the biggest. And then the high end of Virtex is the second, and then it's the normal Virtex product followed by Altix and Zynq are still a very small percentage point. Over time, we'd expect Virtex and Kintex to probably be neck and neck, the mainstream Virtex and the main stream Kintex to be neck and neck in terms of being the largest and then the high end Virtex to follow that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: With the 20-nanometer business being a little bit better than expected, can you just talk about your expected ramp for that in the June quarter and then the second half of the calendar year? And then, did you guys mention what that 40-nanometer/45-nanometer revenue did during the quarter? If you could talk about that as well.
Jon A. Olson: Sure, Chris. The 28-nanometer ramp number next quarter, we said it would exceed $40 million again. So we exceeded $40 million in the March quarter. And in June, we said we would exceed $40 million again. And then just to remind you, Moshe said we would exceed $250 million for the year, which is consistent with what we said in New York at Investor Day. So that would lead a person to believe that there will be a quite a healthy ramp through September, December and March in order to achieve this greater than $250 million. So we do expect September to be approaching 10% of our revenue and continue to grow from that. We have -- again, these are predicated on lots of forecasts from customers but we have a very, I'd say, very detailed tracking around and monitoring of -- say, monetizing 28-nanometer at this company may be different than we've approached things in the past. And so we have a pretty good handle on what we think designs are ramping from our customers with respect to that technology. So we feel, I think, every bit as confident as we did in New York on this particular area. We didn't specifically say anything about the 6 Series. If you do the arithmetic on new products, quarter-on-quarter, new products is really made up of 28-nanometer and the 40-nanometer node. You would see that the 6 Series was in the neighborhood of flat quarter-on-quarter. So we do expect the 6 Series to grow next quarter, in the June quarter, and it starts to get flattened out per quarter and then it will start growing.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And as my follow-up, I guess just one more question on capital allocation. So if I look at your share count from what's basically fiscal '07, '08 until fiscal '11, it went down at a pretty healthy rate. However, now that fiscal '13 is in the books, your share count's actually gone up a little bit each of the last couple of years, so along with your cash balance, too. So I was just wondering like how you guys look at that? What are the plans to deal with sort of the share count creep going forward here?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, the biggest dropper of our share count increase is the dilution effects of the convertible that the accounting world says we have to take but the call option we have to protect us on the strike price can't get recognized in the P&L, so on terms of the diluted share count. So it's actually a little bit of tyranny of accounting. If you net all that out, you would've seen a slightly declining share count for us. But because our actual stock price has been increasing, which is a good thing, over that same time period. You got to give some credit for stock price going up during that time. Now that doesn't necessarily wipe away your base question. I'm just trying to make sure that you understood what the mechanics were relative to the share count. So absolutely, we see our cash balances creeping up slightly, not to a great degree, and we have had kind of over 2 years of flat return of cash to shareholders in the neighborhood of 425 to 450 or 420 to 450 kind of a range and so we're quite aware of that. I'll also point out that we distributed in the neighborhood of 2/3 of our operating cash for the year, which is actually a very high payout ratio. So we do look at a combination of payout ratios and our cash forecast in order to make that determination. And we're very aware of it and we have continuous conversations with the board about it and, again, we are continuing to review those particular alternatives. I'm not going to give a statement today that we're going to change what we're doing right now.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: From your comments earlier in the call, it sounds like the booking pattern during the quarter improved, do I have that right? And then I have a follow-up.
Jon A. Olson: I think it kind of came out normal, kind of, I'll say, a normal quarter. We had a strong beginning and an okay third month of the quarter. And the second month is always a little lighter, vis-a-vis the first month of the quarter. So I wouldn't say it was exceptionally strong at the end. I think it was kind of average.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then to a degree there's normal with regard to seasonality anymore, can you remind us what you'd view as kind of a typical September quarter change sequentially?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, September is -- has been -- has a lot of -- has had a lot of different patterns for us in the past. We always have this effect of the industrial and smaller customers, particularly in Europe, getting a lot softer for us in September, in the September quarter. So June has been up. And I don't know if you look at history and seasonal, we're in the range of where we've been. And September sometimes has been down. But I'm not making any statement about September. Again, with all the CapEx spending growth that we believe is going to happen, it's way too early to know the timing of some of those programs to know about September.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wu with Indaba Global Research.
Unknown Analyst: I've got one on Zynq because that's a new business for you and you're replacing existing processes. How should we think about the profitability of that business versus the FPGA business?
Jon A. Olson: At this point in time, what we've seen is it's pretty -- right now, it's pretty close to what -- from an end market by end market basis, to what the average is for each of our end markets. Now acknowledging that the first wave of business came from existing FPGA customers who are now substituting an FPGA and a processor for a Zynq product. So it's, I'll say there's some cannibalization going on relative to our FPGA business, but it is value-additive, because now we're getting the dollars for the processor as well. And so by and large, we aren't sensing any sort of downward pressure or difference. We have some designs where the value proposition is so high, we've been able to get a premium for it and in some situations where it's a more price sensitive.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes. And just to complete the thought there, the processor business is huge, and it goes all the way from the dirt-cheap microcontrollers to the ultra high-end, which obviously has very handsome margin. But we've targeted the middle of the market and so we have very intentionally stayed away from the profitless prosperity of the ultra low end, and we're making sure that the product, in of itself, targets markets where we believe that it's generally in line with our FPGA business. We're not targeting, at this point, neither do I expect to see in the future to target those ultra low end, dirt-cheap markets where we can sell billions of these but it's unlikely to enable us to sustain our model. So if you look at the way the product is designed, if you look at the power of processor there, which is actually a very formidable dual processor core, you can see why we're pretty confident in our ability to do that. And that's why we're not saying this is a couture product, it isn't. It's targeted for markets which are more in line with our typical markets.
Unknown Analyst: I see. Can I ask a quick follow-on. Do you treat that, the process CPU market, as a separate line item in your own internal business? Or do you see that as an ASP enrichment? So really it's, P&L-wise, it's still folded into your FPGA business.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, we look at it both ways that when you introduce a new product, which really is revolutionary and we were the first to do this way ahead of anyone with regards to product of this sort, and we now have been followed happily into this. But quite fundamentally, at this point, when you have a new product, you want to isolate it so you can accelerate your learning and it is looked at separately at this point. I do believe that over time, these markets do tend to converge. And if you look at other technologies we've introduced in the past, where they were totally separate or they address a small niche of our applications, over time, those technologies have become widely used. And so DSP cores are now widely used, SerDes are widely used. So over time, I do expect it to converge and become closer to our core markets.
Unknown Analyst: Just one quick follow-up. Is there a need for you to expand into the 64-bit addressing that the ARM camp have just recently announced and does it help you in your customer base?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: More technology is always better, right? So I won't say it doesn't help us. But if you look at the product we have, it really has very broad applicability. And there is an emerging 64-bit market. And as this progresses, I wouldn't be surprised if, over time, we look at ways to address that. But this isn't a short-term need for our core market. Our core markets are more than adequately serviced by the existing architecture and its capabilities.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Tyler Radke - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: This is actually Tyler Radke on behalf of Ian Ing. My first question, as it relates to TSMC's 16-nanometer pull in. I'm just trying to understand how that changes your strategy with respect to 20-nanometers, and can you just kind of walk us through the puts and takes of that.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Why don't I answer that and if you could kindly raise your voice when you ask the second question, because you're very barely audible to us so we can hardly make it out. But we are very pleased with our success with 28-nanometer. We were first in the market. We have the broadest portfolio by far, we have the deepest portfolio by far, and we've demonstrated that even with a totally new foundry, we can come out and demonstrate leadership. Similarly on 20-nanometer, we've already announced some elements with regards to tape-out, where we believe we're going to be the first FPGA company to tape-out a 20-nanometer software. The software is there already. It's being used broadly by customers and a whole host of other things, which gives me tremendous confidence that in 20-nanometer we're going to be able to continue and extend that leadership and keep our generation ahead. And we have not announced anything yet on our plans beyond that, but rest assured that we are not resting on our laurels here, and we expect to continue to deliver leadership to our customers, and we will communicate that and our strategy when it behooves us. At this point in time, most of the design wins or a large plurality is in 28-nanometers. We'll continue to be there in that for some years going forward and then immediately after that, there's the 20 and we will make sure that we have a response for anything beyond that at the appropriate time.
Tyler Radke - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. So my second question, my follow-up, I don't want to beat the dead horse here but just as it relates to wired and carrier CapEx, obviously, I think you guys said wired was down more than expected but you expected it to be up next quarter. And as you look at obviously, AT&T and Verizon CapEx coming in a bit lighter than they'd hoped, do you think this is a function of late releases of their budgets and this stuff getting pushed out into June or is there something else, your customers are saying that we should be thinking about?
Jon A. Olson: Our specific method is and then our confidence about the next quarter was directly related to only a couple of customers' programs, that the timing was off from what we had thought. So I want to make another statement in a second, but I was going to make sure that it was clear not to read too much into my next statement, because there really is a macroeconomic overhang where people -- where the confidence in spending kind of ebbs and flows almost on a weekly or monthly basis. And that does end up with caution in our customers' ordering patterns and they always say they want to expedite and do something. And we are finding it harder and harder to nail down forecasts and trends on key programs just because of that secondary factor. But again, the fact that we were down, lower than expectations, and we're going -- when are we going to come back up some in wired is really related to a couple of specific programs at a couple of specific customers.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And with regards to LTE deployment, one way of looking at it, and probably the best way is, as a customer, regardless of who's winning and who's not winning on the smartphone world, that world just continues to go through the roof. It generates huge demands on the infrastructure. Those infrastructural demands can only be addressed by, over time, moving to the newest generation technology. And to a large extent, we're seeing a commitment, a strategic commitment to do that and it's in each country, region. It happens at a different rate, but it definitely is happening. And to some extent, when you have a major -- in all of these companies, they have numerous carriers. At any point in time when one pulls ahead, it generates tremendous demand for the others to catch up. Otherwise, their service levels become unacceptable. And we're seeing that happen. So even if from time to time, they do need to watch their deployments, we see more of those dollars being directed at new technologies as opposed to upgrading old ones. So given our very strong 28-nanometer position and the larger percentage that we get, that tends to help us. So I am very bullish on that and I don't see that trend reversing itself anytime soon.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA.
Ryan Goodman - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: This is Ryan Goodman for Srini. Just as a follow-on to that last question on wired, so it sounds like the macro is weighing a bit on maybe the enterprise demand -- enterprise demand within wired. Could you give an update on how the data center demand looks? And also last quarter, I think you had mentioned a large data center high-speed connectivity win that was supposed to ramp in the second half. Any update on that as well?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so I think you characterized the wired accurately there. And relative to data center, our data center market is a new area for us, and it will take a little bit of time before it grows at a more accelerated rate. But when it does, some of the design wins we won already and are about to win is going to start to take off at a more accelerated rate, but that's going to be in the back half of the year and into next year. We have won the design -- any of the designs that we've talked about in Investor Day in New York, we're still either on track to win or have won because things are going very well, yes, and it is around high-speed connectivity as our biggest value add there. Now we have been in solid-state drives fairly broadly as controller units. That business continues to be very good for us across a variety of customers. But it ebbs and flows on individual customers' shipments, et cetera. But by and large, we're where we wanted to be on data center, but it's not the big part of our communications business at this point in time.
Ryan Goodman - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just for another area, in industrial, looked pretty strong across the board. Just curious, how much of that do you think is coming from inventory replenishment versus sell-through demand? And how do feel about customer inventory levels now? Are you comfortable where they are going forward?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I think given the fact that we're maybe a little bit of an outlier of calling the industrial recovery and we had it, I think quite a bit of maybe in the neighborhood of 2/3 was inventory replenishment. So we are seeing strong -- signs of stronger continued ordering patterns from some key customers there, which do lead me to believe there is sell-through going on in that particular end market category. I do not believe there is much inventory in the channel in that end market at all at this point. No build up.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal year '14 will be Wednesday, July 17, after the market close. This quarter, we'll be presenting at the 2013 Barclays Telecom and Media Conference in New York City on May 22; the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on June 5; and lastly, at the William Blair Annual Growth Stock Conference in Chicago on June 11. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-01-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Sameer Kalucha - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Ryan Goodman - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Sidney Ho - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Steven Eliscu - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Delos Elder Deepon Nag - Macquarie Research Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Brian Peterson Nicholas A. Clare - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ally, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the December quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx sales were $510 million in the December quarter, down 6% sequentially. Weaker-than-anticipated sales were primarily due to the communications and broadcast end markets. In addition, consumer automotive sales were also slightly weaker than we had anticipated. Sales from North America were up sequentially driven by defense, while sales from all other geographies decreased. Turns were 57% for the quarter. Gross margin was a record at 66.6%. The improvement in gross margin was driven by favorable customer mix, as well as continued focus on margin expansion projects across our product portfolio. Operating expenses of $218 million including amortization, were lower than expected due primarily to the gain on the sale of a building, as well as lower-than-planned litigation expenses. New product sales were up 17% sequentially, with particularly strong growth from Kintex-7 and Virtex-6 FPGAs. Both 28-nanometer and 40-nanometer sales increased sequentially. Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. Sales from communications and data center decreased 11% sequentially, including declines from both wired and wireless communications. Industrial and aerospace and defense sales increased 7% sequentially, with a double-digit increase in defense, offsetting flat industrial and declining test and measurement sales. All 3 subcategories in broadcast, consumer and automotive declined sequentially. Net income for the quarter was $104 million and included a tax benefit of $6 million, or $0.02 per diluted share related to the lapse of the statute of limitations with respect to certain previously unrecognized tax positions. Earnings per share was $0.38 per diluted share. Other income and expense was a net expense of $5 million, lower than planned due primarily to a one-time royalty payment. Operating cash flow for our December quarter was $123 million before $8 million in CapEx. We paid $57 million in cash dividends during the quarter and repurchased $20 million of stock. The tax rate during the quarter was 10%, lower than guided due to the $6 million reversal I mentioned earlier. Diluted shares for the quarter were 271 million shares. There was a 6.2 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes. For questions relating to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments were flat at approximately $3.2 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $1.9 billion. Days sales outstanding increased 4 days in the December quarter to 41 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx increased by $22 million sequentially, more than expected due to the lower sales than anticipated, as well as a planned increase in safety stock across newer technologies, in anticipation of future revenue growth. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution were 131 days, up from 109 days in the prior quarter. We expect inventory dollars to be down in the March quarter and will continue to work towards our target of a 90 to 100 days of combined inventory. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the March quarter for fiscal '13. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up sequentially. We expect strong growth from our 28-nanometer products. From an end market perspective, we expect communications to increase slightly. We expect industrial, aerospace and defense to be up sequentially, with growth from all 3 secondary end markets. Lastly, we expect broadcast, consumer and automotive to be approximately flat. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be up 2% to up 6% sequentially, with sales from all geographies up slightly. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 58%. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 66%. Operating expenses in the March quarter are expected to be approximately $208 million, including $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. R&D is expected to be between $108 million and $112 million, declining significantly due to a lower level of tape-out expense. SG&A is anticipated to be between $94 million and $96 million, increasing due to higher litigation spending, as well as the absence of the asset sale mentioned earlier. This will result in fiscal year operating expenses of approximately $855 million, slightly less than the $860 million in fiscal year 2013 guidance we provided last quarter. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $7 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 274 million shares. The tax rate for fiscal Q4 is expected to be between 13% and 14%. As a result of the recent reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, in fiscal 4, there will be a catch-up benefit to the tax provision of approximately $11 million covering previous quarters. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. While there has been some weakness in the economic environment, I am pleased with the 70% sequential growth from our new products. This growth was driven by robust sales of our Virtex 6 40-nanometer product family, as well as a nearly 20% sequential increase 28-nanometer sales, which significantly exceeded our $20 million forecast. 28-nanometer sales were driven by our midrange Kintex-7 product family, offering unparalleled price performance per watt and a high-performance Virtex-7 family. As we begin 2013, I have grown ever more confident in our 7 series portfolio. We now have all 4 key elements of this optimized scalable portfolio in the market, all programmable FPGAs, SoCs, 3D ICs and the Vivado next-generation design environment that enable these next-generation devices. A broader portfolio is enabling us to increase penetration in many of the highest-growth electronics, applications and also combinations of these devices into ever smarter, bandwidth-hungry, 100-gig wired networks, wireless HetNets, data centers and vision-based systems. This broader portfolio has also enabled us to displace a large number of ASICs and ASSPs. Vivado is the industry's first SoC-strength design environment delivering unmatched time to integration. It reduces months of design activity to weeks, makes our next-generation devices possible. The current adoption of Vivado is now estimated to be already at roughly 35% of all of the 7 series designs. We continue to be very pleased with the 7 series rollout, which was without any question the most aggressive and complete new product introduction in our history. We expect healthy sales momentum to continue in the March quarter, with sales comfortably exceeding $30 million. While Xilinx has not been immune to the weakness in the economic environment, the innovation, differentiation and value advantages of our 28-nanometer product strategy has enabled us to clearly move a generation ahead and is driving accelerated share gains against both ASIC, ASSPs and traditional PLD composition. We look forward to providing you an update at our Analyst Meeting on March 5 in New York City. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Sameer Kalucha - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Meer Kalucha calling in for Chris Danely. So I have a question on the communication side of things. Given your experience on pushouts in the December quarter, how are you thinking about the March quarter? Do you think there's a possibility of something similar happening? Or are you confident that whatever happened is behind us?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, let me take that one. So the world is still pretty choppy out there for us, but we are certainly seeing signs of improvement. So for example, we're starting to see the beginning of what people have called the sixth phase in China of the TD-SCDMA, so 3G additional base station deployment, and we believe we were starting to ship some units, certainly not the full level at this point in time, but some units into that particular ramp. So that gives us a positive view of the world. Also I think most of what -- much of what we saw in this quarter was a combination of some sluggishness by large communications customers in terms of their end demand and also some inventory correction. And I would anticipate the inventory correction aspect of that to be -- have worked through -- throughout this past quarter, the December quarter, and therefore will be moving back more towards I'd say traditional end market sales in that area. So those 2 things together make me feel relatively confident that comps should be moving up. And we're kind of behind -- the worst of it is behind us. But anytime someone tries to call the bottom, they're usually wrong. So I'll give myself a little bit of an out there.
Sameer Kalucha - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then just a little color on how you're thinking on the 28-nanometer ramp this calendar year going forward?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, we set targets of $10 million and $20 million in past quarters and exceeded them. We set a target of $20 million this quarter and significantly exceeded that. The target is $30 million, and we expect to significantly exceed that in this -- in the quarter we're in. So we're seeing that come out of the chute and accelerate and come plan and it's working well. So I continue personally to be extremely optimistic and enthused about the rollout of the 28-nanometer.
Jon A. Olson: And we came out with our midrange product, which was targeted at the wireless communications area, and we just pointed out in the call how strong that Kintex business was inside of the 28-nanometer revenue. So we think we are on the path to achieving the kinds of growth in segment and share gains in the wireless segment with Kintex in particular. So that's been a strength for us and we have elements of all of our portfolio in production at this point in time. So things are moving quite well relative to the characterization and production worthiness of our portfolio. So pretty happy with it at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Outside of comm, can you please talk about the visibility in the other end markets? And then my quick follow-up, Moshe, on the 28-nanometer, can you help us understand whatever guidepost you can provide us to give us confidence that in 28, the non-comm segments will be bigger, i.e. in consumer and automotive that you have been talking about?
Jon A. Olson: So from an outside comms perspective, I think we've gone through an inventory cycle or mini correction, if you will, in the industrial side of things. And across the board, all of our geographies are stronger in distribution backlog going into this next quarter and a lot of the industrial segment. They don't just serve industrial, but a lot of it is served there, and I believe there's -- the backlog is demonstrating some strength in the, I'll say, the non-aerospace and defense portion of our industrial. So I think -- we believe that both aerospace and defense and industrial, that category is our broad industrial name is one of our -- I think it will be one of our fastest growing, percentage-wise, segments that we have throughout this year. So I think there is -- the inventory issues have been worked through. We talked also about aerospace and defense growing in March, which is actually very -- it is not very typical for us, so again kind of not the seasonal patterns of aerospace and defense, but we have continued strong business there. So I think outside of comms, we have laid the seeds for accelerated growth across the board, and that's really attributable to our 45-nanometer Spartan class product, as well as 28-nanometer.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And with regards to 28 non-comms rollout, it really is an unparalleled generation of product in terms of its breadth and depth. And as such, it serves lots of markets, not only communications, as Jon pointed out, wireless communications is ideally serviced by the Kintex product line. But if you look at the broad product portfolio, it addresses all of the markets. And if you look -- I think, where we have a minimum of 1 year lead over our competition in terms of delivering samples to the products that really is a product that is targeted at automotive, industrial control, and of course, it also has communications applications, but it has tremendous breadth there. If you look at the high end of the product offering, where we don't have any competition, there's a broad acceptance that everyone who needs a high-end product, right, and that includes ASIC prototyping, but it isn't limited to ASIC prototyping, and for example, we're seeing a lot of military applications that are utilizing the unparalleled capacity we provide to customers there. So now this is not only a comm story, 28-nanometer is the broadest, the deepest portfolio and addresses all of the markets that we're in, including all of the ones that you mentioned. And some of them take a little longer to turn to revenue, some of them happen faster. But so far, the non-comms world is working well on 28 in terms of design wins and transition to revenue, continue to be very confident in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Ryan Carver in for Jon Pitzer. So given comms is down sort of 11% and you guided it up slightly, if you look at sort of seasonality, I guess, first half is typically the stronger side of the comms business, with actually the March quarter being the strongest. So I mean, give us some of the pushouts and maybe the resolution of some of the fiscal cliff. I mean, how much do you think we may see an atypical growth pattern in comms this year, with potentially comms being stronger in the second half relative to historical?
Jon A. Olson: I think we did say comms is up slightly in this next quarter, which is the first quarter of the calendar year and our last quarter of the fiscal year. And what I wanted to be as transparent as possible here because I am a little -- I'm always concerned about how strong snapbacks are going to be and things like that. So we do think it's going to be up, we do think it's going to be stronger, it's because some of the things I've said earlier, particularly on wireless customers and overall inventory. But we are seeing the big CapEx spending that has been talked about relative to some of the newer technologies rolling out, particularly in the wireless segment. And we are -- we do believe that those, assuming all the rhetoric about that is true in terms of are they actually going to have that CapEx spend, that we'll have a growing contribution from those spends as we move throughout the year, and that, I would say, it's likely that the second half would be better than the first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: I just had a quick question on the industrial defense in the December quarter, which appears to be -- I know defense was up kind of seasonal for you, but the flat industrial, traffic industrial, if you want to put it that way, appears even better to be than your peers. And then I just have a very quick follow-up on the tax rate for fiscal '14, if you could give us some sort of guidelines on where you think that's going?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So Brendan, in the industrial category, industrial and defense category for December, yes, we clearly had a really strong, I guess, you could call it seasonal contribution from that particular area, and the other end markets were a little -- were weaker and mixed. And I think one of the bigger -- the bottom of the industrial -- pure industrial part for us happened, I'd say, in the September quarter, and we just kind of was -- kind of bumped along again in the December quarter and largely all that inventory adjustment and -- had been worked out. And so we do think that, that's going to be stronger going into the next quarter. The defense spending was up not just in, I would say, in the defense side, but also the aerospace side, meaning the nonmilitary aspect of things for us in the December quarter. And we are shipping into some new programs in March that are kind of the first time shipments for a new family of products that we have for the aerospace and defense area. We're starting to ship those now in a reasonable big way over the next couple of quarters into one specific program. In addition to some of the other broad-based programs that are continuing into March. So while there's a lot talked about the whole sequestration and cut back and et cetera, and I think we've been impacted to some degree last year in that, we are seeing the selected programs that we've been successful in winning over the years to continue to move forward. So that feels pretty good for us. The tax rate for FY '14, so I specifically -- we have not done our full year forecast yet for the next year, so I really can't give you a specific number. But if you look at the -- what -- including the impact of the R&D -- reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, we guided between 13% and 14%. I think for now, that's as good number to use for our FY '14 as I can give you guidance, but I reserve the right to reset that when we get to the Analyst Day in March.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Jon, so I think you've done a good job describing the advantages of your 28-nanometer families. But I think investors are still trying to reconcile the share commentary, both of you having about 65% to 70% share. It seems there's 3 explanations: number one, one of you is overestimating the share or both of you are missing an additional 1/3 of the market, you're both underestimating 1/3 of the market. Or perhaps the third explanation is that there's wins that you're counting that aren't going to yield the same historical number of production ramps and volumes. So which one do you think it is and why wouldn't it be number three?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So that's a great question, Ian. Look, we are very confident in our portfolio. I think at this point, the revenue is starting to grow to demonstrate that. It's still early days. The reason that we believe we have a stronger position is we have a broader portfolio, and there are elements of it where there is no competition, there's elements of it where the competition -- we were way ahead in terms of availability of the product. That provides us with a significant advantage. In addition, in other areas where you could say there wasn't a significant time lead to other side, where the benefit we have there is typically significantly lower power and -- but it's a [indiscernible] performance and actually now a much better software design suite. Several of these advantages are new and they're a result of an intense investment we've made in R&D. And so they're yielding now these superior results, and the customers are seeing that and sharing that with us. So those are the reasons we believe we have a very, very strong position. And now in prime time, it's starting to manifest itself and we'll see how it rolls out over the next 2, 2.5 years. We're expecting great things in terms of design wins there. They need to translate into revenue. You're right in pointing out that there's not even a -- not a perfect correlation between design wins to revenue, but we're seeing some really good results. And time will tell, but we're very confident based on the breadth and depth of our product portfolio and its superiority. I don't know into which of the 3 categories that falls, but that's how we see it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA.
Ryan Goodman - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: This is Ryan Goodman in for Srini. Question on the comms business. Sounds like you're pretty positive on that for the year, both on the wireline and the wireless side, but I was curious more in the near term. You have LTE starting to pick up, but you've also talked recently about new IT budgets coming in, which will help on the wired side. Which one are you feeling a little more positive about in the coming quarter?
Jon A. Olson: Well, I think the wireless gains are easier for us to tie back to specific activities going on geographically in the wired aspects of things, usually are much more diverse around a set of carriers and corporate providers in corporate spending, which is much harder for us to correlate precise -- more precise trends, et cetera. So I would seem to have a little bit better visibility, a little bit better confidence on what's going on, on the wired side. But that being said, we have one data center, high-speed connectivity kinds of design wins in the data center area that by the middle of the year and the second -- the mid- to second half of the year will start to kick in. So I feel pretty -- and these are areas that we have not participated in, in a big way in the past and we are now. And so I feel pretty confident that those design wins, which are more tied to data processing -- or excuse me, data center type companies that are -- have significant market share in those areas, I feel confident that midyear to second half of the year, those are going to start showing up as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura Securities International.
Sidney Ho - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: This is Sidney Ho for Romit. So in terms of your operating expenses, you guys have done a great job taking it down to like $208 million next quarter. I know you're probably going to talk about this in your Analyst Day, but generally, how should we think -- should we think of this as a new base for your OpEx and understanding that some of that is because of asset sale last quarter? And then a little longer term, your competitor has talked about 10% growth in OpEx this year. I know you don't talk about specific numbers now, but how do you guys think about revenue growth versus OpEx growth in the upcoming year?
Jon A. Olson: Well, if you look at our guidance for our fiscal Q4 and then the previous 3 quarters, you'll see up and down, up and down, and it really is because of the crescendo, if you will, or the peak of the 28-nanometer tape-outs. We haven't added, I would say, a significant number of heads in the company, and we've actually had more geographic dispersion of the adds that we have had to lower-cost geographies. So we really haven't increased payroll base significantly, some, but not significantly throughout the year. It's really been a mask and wafer spending perspective. So when you look into next year, we do have some things we have to finish on 28-nanometer technology, and then we'll be beginning to launch the next generation of products, but those obviously won't have a high number of tape-outs going on until more towards the back end of the year. So we'll probably, likely, have a slightly different profile to our spending next year. I wouldn't fixate on $208 million as being the new normal flatline because, again, it's up and down depending on the activities we have in the tape-outs. And you're right, I'm not going to give you a number right now, Sidney, you'll have to wait until a few weeks until we get to March, and I'll be a lot more specific about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Eliscu with UBS.
Steven Eliscu - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to focus on the industrial segment some more. If I look at your guidance, it looks like you'll be, for the full fiscal year, you'll be down mid- to upper single-digits. Can you give us an idea of which of the subsegments within industrial have underperformed this past year and then if there's some type of snapback as we go into fiscal '14?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So the biggest underperforming subsegment has been defense. So we have -- we've pretty much felt that defense has been growing for us in the neighborhood of, on average, of about 10% per year, and this past year, it really hasn't grown much at all. It's been choppy and the growth rate has been fairly near 0. So that's probably been the biggest individual contributor to that particular segment. We aren't at our traditional peaks in, I'd say, the pure industrial area by a long shot or even in test and measurement. We're not -- our current run rate isn't near those peaks at all. So if those markets, as we believe they will, will start to come back next year, that should give us a significant benefit. And then hopefully the defense budget stuff gets worked out here in the next 60 days and people will know what to do and what not to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your expectations for the wireless segment as we move throughout the year, specifically on the geographic rollout. Is most of the wireless strength being driven by North America at this point? And what's your expectation for when China TD-LTE could start to kick in? And lastly, are you expecting anything material out of Europe, or other emerging markets, or India at this point?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So I think as we move throughout next year, we are expecting good North America spend environment, and we're also expecting China LTE to begin and start to ramp in the second half. Our best -- everyday, I guess I could probably give you a different version of the story and whatever, but our best views right now is it's the second half of the calendar year when that starts to ramp. I'd mention earlier that we're getting to start also -- getting the sixth phase of the TD capability going out to help round out some of the capacity issues, and that's going to be -- that's going to happen over the next 2 or 3 quarters. And then you're asking about -- specifically about Europe. I do believe that there'll be some activity in Europe. We've seen some signs of some things going on there. I don't think it's going to be a significant, a large contributor, it means -- but I think it's going to have some contribution. And I have no understanding of what's really going on in India, and I'm not willing to project when that might take off.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'd like to dig into the gross margin a bit, if I can. You delivered above target gross margin for the quarter, it's also above your long-term target and yet you're not blowing away revenue. So can you talk about the potential for that target to move? And what's the biggest driver, kind of over the next couple of quarters, that we should think about when we're contemplating on to model that?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So we have, really, over the last 3 years, really focused on margin improvement programs across the company and essentially leaving no generation of products unturned in terms of the things we can do to squeeze out some dollar -- positive dollars here and there, because we do have a pricing environment, and particularly as we go against nontraditional PLD competitors, it's a different environment for us and we have to make sure that we have the capability and the ability to stay in our business model while still competing vigorously against potential ASSP companies in other situations. So we have created a situation and a culture at the company over the last several years to really go after things, and that's both on the pricing side of being -- becoming much more mature and strategic about how we think about pricing, as well as some of the cost things we've talked about in the past. But that being said, if you just want to focus on this last particular quarter, we did have a drop in our communications by 11% or $30 million, and it was -- that drop was concentrated on a relative basis to a previous quarter in our large comms customers, which tend to have the volume pricing agreements that have -- put some level of pressure or they're below, in some cases, some of the designs are below our corporate average and corporate margin. So when you have less business sometimes, you can get an uplift in margin because of that customer mix. And we had both good cost profile and good contribution from improved cost across the last couple of technology generations so good improvement there. But we also had the losses in business that we probably -- which we would've had because we've had higher operating margin dollars if we were to have it. But that's really the reason why our gross margin popped up. We have been running at the top end of our model for some time now. There's not an artificial cap on gross margin, meaning because the model stays at 64 to 66 range, that doesn't mean we limit ourselves at 66, we'll take whatever -- we maximize whatever gross margin we possibly can get. We tend not to evaluate our model dynamically. We look at it once a year and decide whether we want to change it or not, and at this point in time, we're not changing it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Moshe, I think my question was around your strength on 3G versus 4G. So as we see North American deployments in 4G and some of the 3G, 4G in emerging countries, can you share with us how you look at your market share in each of these technologies or does it depend more on end customer? And I have a follow-up.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Well, with -- if you look at our position in 28 vis-a-vis our position in 40, then in 28, Kintex was designed with a very close look at the needs of wireless. And we believe we have an overwhelming market share by definition, that has been used more for 4G than it has for 3G. And as a result, because it's a new rollout and Kintex-7 is a new product so my expectation is that as newer generations roll out, we have a better general position. And then of course, in some accounts, we have higher penetration, in other accounts, we have lower penetration. Generally speaking, we have a stronger hand, so if you look at the average position then it is better, but it is account specific. But the breadth at 4G in terms of the penetration is really very, very broad, and the faster that rolls out, the better off, I believe, our position will be. Having said that, we gladly welcome any fast 3G rollout too. We have a lot of design wins there. The other element to keep in mind is regardless of market share, which everyone spends too much time focusing on, the reality is that from generation to generation, the percentage of the bill of materials, which is implemented on the FPGA has typically gone up. Now it doesn't go up every single time, but as a generalization, it has gone up. And as a result, there should be a higher percentage of the bill of materials in 4G solution, which is implemented in there than there is in the 3G. So just generally speaking that FPGA SAM is growing from generation to generation. And our percentage there, we believe, with the 28-nanometer should grow too, in particular with Kintex, which is a home run with regards to wireless penetration.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Delos Elder: This is Delos Elder on behalf of Glen. I wanted to ask you about order linearity during the quarter, sorry, linearity during the quarter. And then with respect to some of the most recent order trends, how does that fare between distributors and direct sales, direct customers?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. Our linearity, I would say, was pretty -- I'd say, typical until we got to the very end. So October was pretty strong for us, and November was the middle month of the quarter as typically things slow down a little bit and it did, and we got into December and things were okay. And the last 2 weeks, it wasn't quite as good as we'd anticipated, which is why we missed our guidance slightly on the bottom end because of the last 2 weeks of the quarter. And that was really a combination of less-than-anticipated volume through distribution than we had anticipated and a little bit of rescheduling into the next quarter that we saw. So those are the primary drivers of what went on and essentially why we missed our orders slightly outside of our range. Relative to the profile of orders and backlog increase and how things have been going so far between distribution and direct, as I mentioned earlier, distribution backlog was stronger pretty much across-the-board for us and that was really good. And our direct backlog also was up from a quarter, beginning backlog from the previous quarter and then going into this quarter. So I wouldn't think -- I don't see any, really, difference between the 2, meaning they're both seem to be improving and not one versus the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Research: This is Deepon for Shawn. If you could talk a little bit about the inventory pop. I know last quarter, you kind of talked about how it was mostly built over 28-nanometer products. Was it something similar? Just maybe the value in the mix of that inventory and what you plan on doing to get it down?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so the inventory did go up $22 million. Now some of that was a lower revenue profile, but we're also building safety stock increases in advanced technologies, inclusive of 7 series. Now Moshe talked about us having a target of $30 million for revenue for this quarter in the 28-nanometer technology or 7 series product families. And so we are building product in anticipation of that number are a greater amount of revenue so we have the right mix of products to be able to serve everything to our customers. But we're also increasing safety stock in a couple selected products, across a couple of older technologies, meaning 40-nanometer and 65-nanometer, also in anticipation of some very specific orders. And that caused their inventory to go up. Now we are a little bit out of mix and balance in terms of line item by line item. We were adjusting wafer starts, starting at the beginning of this past quarter, means the beginning of the December quarter. So those outs will start to fall, if you will, in the March and June quarters and will be bringing our inventory dollar level down, we believe, in both quarters, March and June, the dollar should fall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Moshe, I just had a follow-up on some of the Kintex comments that you were making earlier. The first midrange product you mentioned that it was designed really with wireless infrastructure in mind. I'm wondering if some of the initial strength that you're seeing is coming from solely that market or if you're seeing strengths outside of communications for Kintex. And how is it lining up so far against your midrange competitive product out there, i.e. in comms specifically for instance, are you taking portions of the PCB that might have gone to your competitor? Or are you seeing some traction against other types of technologies?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Well, Kintex indeed was targeted at wireless, and one of the unique features of the strategic decisions we made was that we recognized that wireless required a combination of pretty high performance, but focused on low power, and we think we aced that one and got the right combination there, and that has provided us with a very strong position there. And that's basically the strength together with very strong and actually industry-leading service, which again is -- has become a strength for us as we have invested very heavily in developing that capability. If you look at what is happening, then -- note, this is -- it's true that the product had, as its initial target wireless, but it has a broader reach than that. And we're seeing design wins on Kintex that address all markets that need higher level of performance and are cost sensitive and just don't require the ultimate performance for which Virtex is the right solution. So there's a lot that falls into that category, and actually we see that market expanding relatively rapidly. And if you look at the challenges, and to be honest, mistakes we made in the past, we did not have product that addressed that market and it went elsewhere. Now generally speaking, what we're seeing is, and I'm amazed that the data, because we predicted that this would happen and would start accelerating, and this is the ASIC and ASSP displacement, and that continues to grow and with each generation of product, there's like a quantum leap in the percentage of the bill of materials we can address because we can -- we have typically higher capacity, higher-performance and lower power. And except for high volume applications, the ability to justify ASSPs or for semiconductor companies -- sorry for customers to justify ASICs, for semiconductor companies to justify ASSPs, that gap continues to grow. And as we move -- have moved very rapidly into 28, we're benefiting from that, it requires having the right products. And one of the new elements we have is with our SoC device, Zynq product line, which is we've been delivering to customers for well over a year, that enables us to address new market, where we're displacing lots of medium and lower end ASSPs that -- and micro-controllers that our customers have been using. And as we come out with the higher end versions of the Zynq family, which are already available to customers, we can continue to move up in terms of product displacement. So there's largest share of the bill of materials, it's something we're seeing. And as we look at the detailed data, we're looking at ways to share that in March. We're just seeing that trend accelerate, and it's quite gratifying and that's one of the reasons that we are very bullish about the size of the market that is served at 28-nanometer by FPGAs and by Xilinx in particular.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Brian Peterson: This is Brian Peterson stepping in for Hans. Can you just talk about wafer availability and if that improved in the quarter, and if that impacted gross margins or maybe your decision to add a little bit of inventory, especially on the 40- or 65-nanometer processors?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. We generally don't have any, I'd say, significant issues on wafer availability. Now it doesn't mean there aren't -- there isn't some tightness at the foundries, but we've been able to navigate around that some. So it didn't really impact our gross margin as a result of any actions that we've taken or we are taking on the safety stock increase that's material or substantial. But quite frankly, we have built ahead in a few products that we are fairly confident we're going to get orders from just in case we -- I mean, just to make sure that we have the right mix in order to meet upside in the face of what I would say normal kind of tightness at the foundries, nothing extraordinary at this point in time. So to answer your question, it's kind of yes, we're building safety stock because there are some concerns that things could be getting tighter over time.
Operator: Your final question comes from Nick Clare with Robert Baird.
Nicholas A. Clare - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Nick calling in for Tristan Gerra. So I guess 2 quick ones. First, from a higher level, do you guys have any type of industry-wide kind of growth estimate for base station deployments for this year, or for your fiscal year, or calendar year, either way?
Jon A. Olson: No. I think you could get -- maybe Moshe has got something to say here, but I think we could talk to everyone of the predictors that studies this kind of stuff, and they all give us a slightly different view. So I'm not sure there's one that's right or one that we're subscribing to.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: We'll share our insights in March, right, to the best of our ability. But this is a prediction and we do obviously talk directly to our customers, and we have a central role in terms of fulfilling their requirements, so we'll try to translate that into something which you can hang your hat on. But generally speaking, when you break it down geography by geography, they ebb and flow not all at the same time and there is an expectation that some of the geographies that have been weak will actually have a significant deployment. And Jon did talk about China as being one of those. We'll try to give you better predictions, but we don't want to throw out a number at this point.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the fourth quarter of fiscal year '13 will be Wednesday, April 24, after the market close. This quarter, we will be holding our Analyst Meeting on March 5 in New York City. We look forward to seeing you there. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your anticipation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven Eliscu - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jamaria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the September quarter and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx sales were $544 million in the September quarter, down 7% sequentially but within our guidance towards the lower end of our guidance. Weaker-than-anticipated sales from industrial and A&D, as well as computer and data processing, more than offset better-than-expected sales from wireless communications. With the exception of Japan, which was flat, sales to all geographies were down sequentially. Turns were 57% for the quarter and relatively linear on a monthly basis. We continue to get the capacity we need from our foundry partners, and our lead times, with a few exceptions, are within normal ranges. Gross margin was 65.5%. This level is a testament to our focus on margin improvement projects across our product portfolio, with particular emphasis on new product margins, which offset significant impact from customer and product mix during the quarter. Operating expenses of $208 million were lower than expected as a result of the shift in tape-out activity, lower litigation expense and reduced discretionary spending. New product sales were up 7% sequentially, with strong growth from our 28-nanometer families while 40-nanometer sales were essentially flat. During the quarter, revenue from our 28-nanometer products achieved our goal, surpassing $20 million. Mainstream products increased 3% during the quarter, with strength from the Virtex-5 products, driven primarily by LTE deployment activity. Base products declined over 20% sequentially, with most of the decreases coming from industrial, defense and communications. Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. Sales from communications in data center increased 3% sequentially, with strong wireless sales offsetting expected declines in wireline. Industrial and aerospace and defense sales declined 13% sequentially, with declines coming from all 3 subcategories: defense, industrial, scientific, medical and test measurement. Broadcast, consumer and automotive sales declined 15% sequentially, with sales from all categories flat to down sequentially. The other category declined 24% sequentially, impacted by declines in computer and data processing, as well as storage. Net income for the quarter was $123 million or $0.46 per diluted share. Other income and expense was a net expense of $10 million, higher than anticipated due primarily to an unfavorable hedging impact. Operating cash flow for the June quarter was $197 million before $8 million in capital expenditures. We paid $57 million in cash dividends during the quarter and repurchased 2.5 million shares for $79 million. The tax rate during the quarter declined due to a shift in our geographic mix of profits. Our new effective tax rate is 15%. In addition to the lower tax rate estimate for the year, in Q2, we had a favorable impact to tax expense of $4 million associated with the release of reserves related to a recent tax court case. The impact of these 2 factors represent a positive contribution to EPS of approximately $0.03 per share. Diluted shares for the quarter were 270 million. There was a 5.5 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes. For questions related to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $61 million to approximately $3.2 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $1.9 billion. Days sales outstanding decreased 3 days in the September quarter to 37 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx increased as expected by $11 million sequentially during the quarter. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution were 109, up from 99 days in the prior quarter. We expect inventory days to slightly increase in the December quarter. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the December quarter of fiscal year '13. Our backlog heading into the quarter is down sequentially. Additionally, we believe continued macroeconomic uncertainty may result in unpredictable customer ordering patterns. We expect continued growth in our new products but will most likely experience declines from our base and mainstream products. From an end market perspective, we expect communications to be down sequentially. Within communications, wireless is expected to decline more than wired. Within industrial and aerospace and defense, we expect increases in both industrial occupations and defense. Automotive, consumer and broadcast is expected to be approximately flat. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be down 1% to down 5% sequentially, with sales from North America up, Japan flat, Asia Pacific and Europe down sequentially. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 59%. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 66%, up slightly from the September quarter, due primarily to improving customer mix. Operating expenses in the December quarter are expected to be approximately $224 million, including $3 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. Almost all the growth from Q2 is related to an increase in map and wafer expense. Q4 operating expense will decline substantially, resulting in combined R&D and SG&A expense of approximately $860 million for the fiscal year 2013, and it's at the low end of the range we provided at our analyst meeting last year. Given the uncertain business environment, we are slowing headcount growth and lowering discretionary spending. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $7 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 269 million shares, and the tax rate is expected to be approximately 15%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Macroeconomic environment continues to be a challenge for near-term semiconductor industry revenue growth, including Xilinx. This clearly affected sales for the September quarter and has also resulted in lower-than-seasonal guidance for the December quarter. With the uncertain near-term business environment that Jon mentioned, we're practically taking steps to slow headcount growth, reduce discretionary spending. That said, we continue to be very confident about our mid- and long-term outlook, driven by continued design win momentum in our 28-nanometer offerings and new product revenue growth. In the September quarter, new product sales increased 7%, more than 80% year-over-year. Growth in new products was driven by the tremendous adoption of our 28-nanometer product families, allowing us to exceed $20 million to achieve our 28-nanometer revenue goal. September sales growth was driven by significant growth in revenue from all members of our 28-nanometer product family in all of our key end markets. We have now clearly demonstrated to our customers that we're a generation ahead of our competition and offering those customers an extra generation of system value. In our 28-nanometer FPGAs, we're delivering effectively the equivalent of an external performance, power and integration with an average of 100 -- of 1.5x advantage in every technical category. I think all programmable SoC delivers additional value by integrating multiple chips into one, including CPUs, DSPs and analog mixed signal components. Our 3D ICs are now integrating complex and have the smartest systems function such as packet processing, traffic management while adding 30s bandwidth in a single device that's unmatched by any competition. With our Vivado Design Suite, we are both enabling our new generation of devices and delivering unmatched time to integration and implementation. Vivado is the first and the only ASIC and SoC strength design suite in the programmable industry. We've built Vivado from the ground up over a 4-year period, with an investment of over 1,000 engineering man years to enable the next decade of All-Programmable Devices that's creating a huge and sustainable advantage for both 28-nanometer and beyond. I believe that with the breadth, value advantages and competitive differentiation of our 28-nanometer portfolio, we're undoubtedly a generation ahead of any competition. To clearly define our roadmap to stay a generation ahead, we plan to provide a high level 20-nanometer portfolio announcement in mid-November. Being a generation ahead is accomplished through technology leadership with ever more advanced FPGAs, our second-generation SoCs and 3D ICs and even more significant leverage of our Vivado next-generation design suite. We continue to be pleased with the 28-nanometer rollout. We achieved our September revenue goal, reaching more than $20 million in overall sales. We're expecting to exceed this number in the December quarter as well and then expect very significant growth in the March quarter as more customers will be accelerating their production ramps. Despite some uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, game-changing product strategy of the 28-nanometer node has put us in a tremendously positive competitive position and will drive continued share gains, both against ASICs and ASSPs and traditional PLD competition. Now I'll turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Rick Muscha: Operator, I think we're ready for some questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: You mentioned that wireless this quarter would be down more than wired. I was hoping you could drill down into 4G specifically and talk about some of the activity you're seeing today in North America and China.
Jon A. Olson: Sure, Romit. This is Jon. So from a wireless perspective, the strength that we continue to have is around LTE deployments in North America or in the U.S., in Korea and as well as Japan. And while that -- those rollouts are continuing into the next quarter, we do think that there's, as there always typically is, there's some bumpiness along the way. But we still are shipping, I would say, the biggest portion of our Virtex family FPGAs that go in the wireless base station segment into the LTE piece. There are some additional GSM and TD-SCDMA activity going on for China, but it is -- the capital spend is actually relatively low. And as they prepare for -- in 2013 a bigger rollout, there are some systems going into that early part of that deployment. But relative to the lion's share of what we see, not only for this past quarter we just announced, as well as this next quarter, it is primarily LTE and it's primarily North America, Korea and South Korea and Japan.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Jon, you were saying that it's a little bumpy. Were you referring to China specifically?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, China is really much -- is really the bumpy part. The North America part seems to be still pretty steady as best as we can tell. And as you know, we ship to people who then ship to a variety of locations. We don't all know exactly where every unit is going in every base station, but based on our communications with our customers, that's really where the strength was. We noted that we had stronger-than-anticipated performance this quarter in wireless, and it's backing off just a little bit but it isn't -- it's still quite good and again, it's LTE-based.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Moshe, you mentioned that your 28-nanometer revenue doubled in the quarter to about, I think, $20-plus million. Altera has been saying that the majority is tied to SSI and therefore, won't go into production. Could you give us a split how much is SSI?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, the revenue came from all 5 families, and the truth is 2 of the 5 families, there is no competition. One of them is SSI. And SSI goes into numerous applications. One is ASIC prototyping. And there, as long as it's the largest FPGA out there, then you keep getting additional wins in that category. So there is a scaling factor, it's not that it's a one-hit wonder in the first 3 months of the product line. It actually continues until there's a larger product line available from any other source. So it actually will continue, and we'll continue to see growth on that. In addition, there's a lot of design wins that go into the high end of the wired communications and the A&D applications, and those do go into production. So you can think of it as having this dual personality, both of which scale. And again, it's only part of the revenue, but even that part goes into some applications, which do go into production and others which just repeat themselves due to a whole host of other reasons.
Jon A. Olson: I mean, we stood at -- to add to that, we did ship to all those -- to the customers that are using them for all those reasons that Moshe talked about within this last quarter. So we did ship SSIT very broadly across the application set that it goes to. We tend not to want to parse out our $20 million about which product -- individual products and product families because it does get -- it's actually hard for us to keep all that tracking up because it's not that important to us necessarily to track one versus the other. But we did ship in a prototype and we also shipped into the comms and to A&D, wired comms and A&D, this quarter. And we're very attuned to the fact -- there's a lot of noise around the fact that SSIT only means prototyping, and that's really far from the truth, Romit.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Question on just on the end markets. There seems to be a little more noise and actually, you had a press release this morning on TD-LTE. What are you guys seeing? Are you seeing any early indications in that market or it's still too early to call? And then my follow-up is really trying to understand the non-communications part of the business, Moshe or Jon. And I'm looking at industrial and the other segments, and if you are taking share from the non-PLDs, shouldn't they be acting a little bit better than what we are seeing from the more generic analog kind of companies? And I'm talking about in terms of Q-over-Q decline.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Well, there's actually quite a few questions there. So TD-LTE is -- it's still early days. It has -- as Jon indicated, the majority of the rollout has been in North America. There's still a tremendous amount of rollout that is required in North America, and there's some imbalance between the carriers in North America in terms of the level of penetration, one is well ahead of the others. The others need to catch up. Otherwise, they will have a tremendous competitive disadvantage, in particular as the smartphones become more and more prevalent and suck more and more bandwidth. So there's no doubt that there's a need for tremendous upgrades throughout North America, which will happen undoubtedly. The question is not if it will happen, it's only a question of when it will happen. It has to -- the consumer requirements are such that it's about the only solution that can handle that. So that's North America. Elsewhere, as Jon highlighted, it's been -- the rollouts have started in Japan and Korea, but there's room for significant upgrades there. And then the rest of the world, in particular, China and Europe, have not started anything equivalent to that, and so there's significant room for deployment there. So the consumer demands in the smartphones are making this a nondiscretionary decision. It's just book rate [ph] and how quickly and when it will start in other areas of the world. So we're hearing that consistently from the companies we work with who are the equipment suppliers.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. And just one more comment on the first question, and I'll try to answer the second question for you, Ambrish. I tried to find out exactly if we could figure out how many base stations were being sold into China that were advanced technology because they keep saying, "Well, they're doing some demos and prototypes, whatever." And as best as we can find out, there's a few thousand that are going to get built or deployed in this quarter, which is certainly not anywhere near what it would take for a rollout. And again, the best information we have is mid-2013 on the TD-LTE business. So it's yet to come, but we're not really experiencing it much there.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But Jon, there is a few thousand so that's good to know that this is not paper-based stations.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, yes, that's right. And again, as best -- as good as information as we can get about it, that's what I was able to get to try to figure out really when we might see a better ramp because of China CapEx spending. On your second question, there's kind of 2 ways to look at this. One is our industrial has been relatively weak the last couple of quarters. And in fact, even looking through this coming quarter in right now, the industrial business in Europe is starting off very weak, and the backlog is very weak and distribution information seems to be very weak in Europe in this particular category. So even though we are forecasting a little bit of growth, it's really kind of off of a, I would say, relatively low base. And I'd be surprised to see if anybody else has very bullish numbers on it, industrial. As other companies roll out, we'll obviously be watching that. And with your question around, shouldn't you see maybe a better uptake because of displacing ASSPs, the real winner for us in that area is going to be our Zynq product. And the design-in times, we've had a good uptake. It is still a new category, and we are developing it, and we're getting lots of successes and we're getting design wins. But quite frankly, we aren't on the acceleration knee of the revenue curve yet. And that's going to take a few more quarters before we get there. And that's really the part that's going to, I think, show up in a big way against ASSPs in the industrial category.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Actually, I had a clarification and then a question. On the clarification, Jon, if I heard you correctly, I think you said you're expecting 59% turns to hit the midpoint of the December quarter. How do I square that high turns requirement with the lower visibility? Is that a bit aggressive or I'm missing anything here?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So Vivek, that's -- obviously, we look at these numbers pretty hard, and when I saw the percentage number, I scratched my head a little bit and said, "Yes, that seems like a high percentage number." But when you peel back the information, we're starting out with a lower backlog. We're aware of certain customers and certain of our end markets that normally would be booked now that aren't booked that we still have high confidence that they will come through. That's one point. The second point is if you look at the absolute dollar amount that it takes, again, remembering we have -- we're starting up with a lower backlog and we're trying to get to a lower revenue than this past quarter, the absolute dollar turns per week is at or slightly below what we've achieved the last couple of quarters. So it's a little bit of this percentage is the tyranny of creating a percentage out of both the numerator and denominator changing at the same time. From a dollar level, I think if we can sustain this current level of business that we have, we'll hit our numbers.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, very helpful. And then a question for Moshe. As I look at your 28-nanometer ramp, and I think your competitor has also disclosed some revenue numbers. It seems like if I ignore which particular application, it seems that you're both on a similar run rate, right, that they also expect a $20 million-plus this quarter and they did $17 million cumulative at the end of last quarter. And I think your numbers are probably in that $35-ish million to $40-ish million range. So is it fair to assume that your share is sort of 50-50 at this note? Or do you think that you can actually gain share, that there are certain design wins you have that you can actually start gaining share from this point onward, and if that's right, which are those areas that you think you are doing better than them in terms of design wins?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So we have -- last quarter, we delivered over $10 million, which was higher than what the competition delivered. And it is definitely still early days, so these are the early returns from them. But as we look at the breadth of our product offering and we look at the technical advantages that we have, we have no doubt that we have huge advantage. It manifests itself. There are 2 areas where we don't have any competition yet, and it's likely to be long period of time until there is competition, which is anywhere close to catch up. So that's one major differentiator, and that's on the 3D ICs and on the same product line, which has the embedded ARM core. In addition, if you look at the core product offering, then typically, what we find is at the high end, we have much lower power footprint than the competition, and we're hearing this from our customers and from our competitor's customers too, right, who are surprised at how significant the advantage is there at the high end. The 30s are operating much better in a competitive situation, that has significant impact. In the mid-range, Kintex basically, because of the choices we made, we achieve a certain level of performance, which enables us to sweep the wireless business. And so we're very convinced that there'll be huge shift in terms of shipments into wireless customers. And that, we actually believe that their -- our original -- our preliminary data shows that we have even 80% market share in terms of wireless. And then -- and so between the -- at the core business, between the better service performance, lower power at the high end, higher performance in the mid-range, that gives us confidence that we'll have the lion's share even in the core market then when you add to that these additional markets with the 3D ICs and Zynq that gives us confidence and our target is 70% and we're hell-bent on achieving it.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And one last question, if I may. Just structurally as you look out to say the 20-nanometer node, and I believe you mentioned that you will have some product announcements soon. Just structurally, do you think that it will be a more profitable node than what you saw at 28, because I understand that a lot of the end markets are maturing a bit, but your cost and complexity of going to these more advanced nodes keeps on going up. So 40-nanometer node was profitable, 28 less so. How should we think about the transition to the 20-nanometer node? Do you think that there is a chance that the profitability will be any better than what you have seen in the prior transition?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So I strongly contest the profitability of 28-nanometer not being there. It has the potential of being the largest node for sure in the FPGA space by a significant margin. And we're seeing it come out of the shoot faster than everything we've seen before. It's just that the nature of the business is that it takes some point in time. But our -- the early data we have and the fact that we can displace ASICs and ASSPs quite affectively, not across-the-board but in lots of markets with our 28-nanometer product, gives us confidence that it's going to be a very large node. The extent of design wins is much, much higher than we've seen in every previous node. And we're hearing from customers that less and less of them can afford to design ASICs to compete with what 28-nanometer can provide. So I'm not sure I agree or I strongly disagree with 28-nanometer being less profitable than 40-nanometer. It will be a much larger node, it has the potential of being the largest node ever. On 20 nanometers, it is clear that due to the number of layers and the complexity of the layers, that the manufacturing costs are going to be higher. There's been a lot of discussion on that, and our way to address that is to make sure that we design the parts and we tape-out a number of parts which cover a broader market. So in terms of our investment at 20, it will likely be similar to what we invested at 28. And the markets we're going to address will probably be similar. It is getting more difficult at these advanced nodes as the designs are more complex and the mask costs are complex, and it requires us to invest a lot of time either in optimizing the design or making sure that we don't tape-out more parts than we need to. And we're up to that challenge, and that's the way we're approaching this node.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jon, I believe you talked last quarter about 2 of your major comms customers reducing inventory this quarter. Can you talk about whether they've, in fact, finished that inventory reduction? And how do you square that with the comms being a little bit better than you expected in the quarter? Is it that those decreases are just more than offset by increases of other customers and how should we think about that dynamic?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, the second part of your question -- because it was there hanging. It is -- that is true. What happened is that there was certainly an offset with other customers and some significant strength in another place, in the wireless segment in particular that helped to offset that. I think the answer to your first part of your question is, yes, I believe that both those customers are through that buildup, and we're back to a more normal level with them. And I think one of those 2 in particular ended up being pretty decent this quarter and really wasn't that much of a drop as it turned out. So I think we're on the other side. The reason I'm being -- I'm saying -- I'm cautioning that is, we don't always know what the order pattern is of some of our customers, and all of a sudden, they say, "Oh, no, I need more, I need less" at the last minute. But the current forecast would suggest that we are behind that, and that's behind us.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Appreciate that. And then as a follow-up, can you maybe talk about what your customers in the defense and aerospace segment are talking about in terms of their behavior around fiscal cliff? Are they ordering more in advance of that? Or are they being more cautious and waiting and reducing their orders? How should we think about that effect on your business in the next 2 quarters?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So I've been studying this quite a bit because our A&D has not been growing at the rate that we, I would say, had typically would have expected it. We've had a pretty steady 10-plus percent growth year-on-year for quite a few years. And that growth rate has definitely slowed this year. And I'm trying to figure out, I'm trying to sort out how much of that is potential caution or individual programs. And our best information right now is that it's been more impacted by individual programs than people worrying about the cliff. Now I have a hard time correlating what our people are telling me relative to what I read from the defense contractors in the newspaper, but I can't tell how much of that is political posturing and what is real. But the best information we have is that people are not slowing down because of that. They're just kind of waiting it out, and we'll see what happens. And that most of why we aren't growing quite as strongly as maybe we have historically is just because of a couple of individual programs that are just in a space where they're not ordering right now and they'll order a little later.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe just a quick housekeeping question. You talked about the OpEx level reducing substantially into the March quarter. Is that kind of the right run rate as we -- expecting into the beginning of the next fiscal year or would you expect change either way?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I'm not going to forecast next year, but I think since I pointed the way to the tape-outs and wafers and masks being the biggest driver up and then the biggest driver down, we don't have a large number of tape-outs early in the year because it's kind of the very end of 28 and the very beginning of 20. So I don't think you're going to see a big spike up or down from the Q4 exit, but I don't really want to pin a number on it.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Eliscu with UBS.
Steven Eliscu - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: We've heard a lot about SSIT and Virtex at 28-nanometer, yet Kintex was talked about as key element of your share gains at that node. Can you give us a sense of how much Kintex is currently driving your LTE revenue? And then within that revenues, within 28-nanometer currently, is Virtex or Kintex overall bigger? And then I have a follow-up.
Jon A. Olson: So Kintex has clearly been a early leader in design win level. Virtex has now caught up with it, relative to the dollar amount of design wins overall. But we led with Kintex part, it is specifically designed for wireless base stations, and as Moshe said, we've been winning a tremendous number of design wins. We did ship into production -- into the wireless space with Kintex in this quarter, so it is -- there are designs that are ramping, but it's been like early prototyping from our customers and early units. Prototype their early units not our prototype parts, but their initial base stations. I would say that the wireless segment in our 28-nanometer is probably about the same percentage as it normally is for the overall company during the quarter, which is in the neighborhood of 25-ish percent, and this is kind of just an estimate.
Steven Eliscu - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. I have a question on Zynq. Discussed about it earlier being potentially an important driver for your industrial business. To help us calibrate it, can you give us a sense as to when it will make up, let's just say, 5% of revenue? And besides industrial, what end markets are you seeing the biggest opportunities? And what have you learned given your leadership position? What have you learned that you'll be improving on your next generation?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So this is a Zynq question, right? You're talking about Zynq?
Steven Eliscu - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Zynq.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so the lead end markets are automotive, industrial and communications. And within communications, it's heavily around wireless. In fact, the small cell category is a category that's a great opportunity for Kintex, and we have been doing pretty well there of late in terms of reducing the number of devices required by our customer -- in our customer's units because we have that processing capability, as well as the ability to do digital front end and other kinds of capabilities that are -- you find in a wireless base station, radio card in particular. So I would say early on, it was automotive followed by industrial and now communications is coming on very, very strong in this particular application. Industrial is very, very broad: automation, motor control, those kinds of activities. And then automobiles is usually our sweet spot, which is driver assist for this particular part. Those are kind of the highest level categories. And with respect to any forecast about when it might be 5%, I would guess that is several quarters away before that ramps to that size because the lead design wins are all, I would say, relatively a compilation of relatively medium-sized to small-sized design win dollar values initially, and then ramping very strongly, particularly when you think about automobile capabilities starting out at the high end and waterfalling down, which is exactly what our customer is going to use this capability for. It takes a while to get into those units in terms of get the unit build up enough because it has to go to different models of automobiles, et cetera. The wireless business is more -- will take off much more rapidly, but most of these deployments are most likely to come in the second half of '13.
Steven Eliscu - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Second half of calendar '13, correct?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. But I really haven't -- anyway -- again, 5%, I haven't studied it in great detail, but it's going to be a while before it's 5% of our revenue.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jon, one question for you backward-looking and then one forward-looking. In the September quarter, you mentioned how North America was the strongest area, especially in your comms business. But that geo was down the most, I think 11%. Can you just help reconcile what was going on between those 2 comments?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So as you recall last quarter, we had this end-of-life shipments, and a lot of that went into aerospace and defense and industrial category.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Automotive.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, automotive. And so if you look at geographically where the biggest impact, where that was is North America and Europe. So those were the 2, and North America in particular, the aerospace and defense portion is the lion's share of what we have in defense is in North America. So that was kind of a hard number to match and to make up from a comms number -- a comms perspective.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then the forward-looking question, a little bit following up on an earlier question on OpEx. I know you're not going to talk specifically for next year. But you mentioned that the tape-outs for 20-nanometer aren't really going to start in the first half of next fiscal year. Can you remind us, is the normal cadence of that more back half of the year or is there going to be almost a full year gap between the tape-outs you're doing now looking into next year?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So yes, I don't have a good sense for the rate of tape-outs into next year. We will do some tape-out activity in the first half of next year, but it just won't be the rapid fire progression because usually, the first 1 or 2 comes out a little more slowly as we get everything settled, and then as we're sure we got things right, then we accelerate those tape-outs. So I would expect the tape-outs will start accelerating in the back half of calendar '13 and then obviously throughout '14.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Starting on OpEx, the lower OpEx for September and then the higher for December, you talked about tape-out push as being part of that. Was there any kind of program that changed on your roadmap or was it just a timing thing, end of the quarter kind of push or can you describe that a little bit?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, it really was timing, Shawn. It was some things that were supposed to happen in the last couple of weeks of the quarter that pushed out to the first couple of weeks. So we're talking about a 2- to 3-week kind of push in the way -- just the way the accounting works for the mask payments. I guess you could say I believe the forecast, I don't know on that. But it did just push out a few weeks, and there were no significant program slips, changes or issues really as a result of that. But we had an additional payment to an outside supplier for something, and it was fairly significant, and that pushed out because of delivery of the contract didn't happen on time. And so both those together kind of made it -- made it a bigger than life number. I mean, we certainly missed more than we typically would ever miss an R&D number.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then on the inventory side, I think you mentioned that it would -- you expected days to come up in December. Can you talk about how channel inventories are looking? They still seem at 10 days-ish to look kind of on the lean side. Do you think inventories built or came down in the quarter? And what do you expect them to do in your channels in December?
Jon A. Olson: So I was talking earlier about -- particularly European distribution being weak, and the backlog being particularly weak from a Europe perspective in the medium-sized and small customers. And we've been doing a pretty good job with Avnet collectively to keep the inventory lean and keep it available for them and in Xilinx's inventory pot. And that's worked out pretty good because it gives them a lot more flexibility versus having to guess which of their customers might decide to order something in these kind of uncertain times. So that's worked out pretty good for us, and I don't think there's any particular supply chain issue that gets communicated with that. Overall, our inventory is moving up just because we were starting to build more 7 series or products. And since those tend to carry higher costs than the initial part of the ramp, as we build up to satisfy needs over the next couple of quarters, that dollar impact typically increases our dollars and also our days because days are just average, not specific to any individual product family. So there's not really a much of a story in inventory. I think we've got a pretty good handle on it at this point.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then on the mix, I think you might have said or I might have heard you say that wireless was 25% of overall sales. Can you confirm that? And then within your industrial, defense, aero, how big is the aerospace defense portion of it?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. Well, wireless typically runs from the low 20s to mid-20s for us, and that's -- a little lower than 25%, but approximately the number. And our industrial typically runs in the mid-30s, and that dropped as a percent as you can see our industrial percentage has dropped on a quarter-on-quarter basis and comms went up on a percent basis so...
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: So how big was defense of the -- of your business or is that within that bucket?
Jon A. Olson: Sorry. Defense has typically been in the neighborhood of 15%, and it was a little lower than 15% in this last quarter.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And one, just final one, if I may. The OpEx for the full year of $860 million, does that include your amortization charges?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, it does. It doesn't? Wait a minute, hold on a second. No, it doesn't?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: It does.
Jon A. Olson: All right, good. Two different nodding heads here from people. $860 million does include.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Moshe, when you interact with your customers, the cautiousness on the macro front, is there something qualitatively different this time than previous times? Are they preparing for kind of a prolonged multi-quarter or more short term? And I have a follow-up.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So I do spend a lot of time meeting with our customers. And I think generally, there's no sense of gloom and doom. There's just challenges on the macro side, which are pretty visible to all of us. But I don't see any huge expectation of a very severe slowdown. When you look at -- a lot of these elements are driven by a need for some political fortitude which takes time. Hopefully, it will get addressed in North America soon, and in Europe, they're starting to come together on that. And likewise, when the transition in China is going to happen, that will enable things to move forward. So the short answer is no, I don't get the sense of a huge downturn impending at this point.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And when you look at the LTE activity in Europe, that's been kind of weak from our checks. Do you expect anything coming back in the next 6, 9 months on LTE front from Europe or do you think that's going to be pretty muted?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: I think it will come later than it has in the past, and the competitive position is such -- you can see it in North America, when one carrier decides to go ahead and start generating significant advantage, it generates pressure on the others to catch up. In Europe generally, that isn't happening yet. So I do think it's several months out at this point in terms of a big deployment in Europe.
Jon A. Olson: I think there was some press release by Vodafone somewhere in the last 3 months on this thing, but I don't think we've seen anything significant with respect to our revenue.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes. So the 6 to 9 months is probably a good guess.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Jon, I just want to make sure the OpEx question, I got it right. So you're saying $860 million, that includes the amortization of roughly $10 million, right?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, Srini, it does include that. $860 million is all-in the full year of all of our OpEx.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then Moshe, it looks like there are some concerns about the China TD-LTE as far as the base station content goes. We've been hearing that a majority of these base stations are software upgradeable. I guess the question is, is that true? If so, what does that mean for your FPGA content in each of these base stations?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, we believe we have a phenomenally strong position there, and best we can tell, there's a lot of FPGA content in the product. So I don't believe that, that's going to pose an issue once the deployment starts in earnest in China. In the interim, what they're doing is, they're about to launch this next rollout of the previous generation, the 3G generation. But when 4G comes out, our product position is very strong there, and we're looking forward to that happening. And the faster it happens, the better from my perspective.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one last question. On the wired business, Jon, you said it was down last quarter and looks like it's going to be down again this quarter. I'm just wondering what's going on. Is it still inventory correction or is it just demand being weak?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. There was -- it was down this past quarter more from an inventory correction basis than anything else. And it's basically weak demand. If you look at our -- all of our large customers, our top, say, 15 or so customers, which are really communications and aerospace and defense customers. The communications customers are just almost plain flat. It's over the last couple of quarters with the only exception being in the wireless base station area. Everything else just seems to be kind of chunking along and not getting a lot worse, but also not getting a lot better. And since a lot of our businesses, our revenue levels are defined by these large customers, there really isn't a tremendous amount of growth going on. So it's just -- it's weak demand, not growing demand.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jon, just a follow-up on your last comment. So I'm looking at my model here, we're in the second half of fiscal '13. If I plug in some really good growth for Q4 and then double-digit growth for next year, we'll essentially have 4 straight years of kind of flattish revenue growth. So I mean, do you guys look at that? Are you reconsidering your long term growth rates for the PLD market for Xilinx? Has this come into discussion at all?
Jon A. Olson: So the answer to your very direct question is absolutely, we've had discussions around what is going on, where the drivers of our business really are going to come from and does our investment level and growth level still -- those 2 things match appropriately to what we've been saying. So there's no doubt this is a question. And this elusive metric that we, I call it elusive because I'm the CFO around design wins. The strength of which we are winning business gives us such confidence that the revenue growth is coming. But of course, macroeconomic issues can always play around with timing and when and how that happens. But we still have very strong belief here. That being said is, we are very mindful that we're outside of our business model from a percent basis, and we'll look very hard at that. We go through our planning cycle in early calendar year 2013, and I don't know what to say. I'm not going to say that we're going to cut our growth rates as we sit right now because our design win levels are really, really high on a relative basis to anything we've ever seen. Moshe wants to make a comment here.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Chris, I mean, we are -- it's obvious to us that there are challenges there, and that's why we are curtailing discretionary spending, and we are careful on the hiring front. Having said that, the impact of the design wins in 28-nanometer is not yet visible, right? It's still a tiny portion of our business. And given our very strong and broad portfolio, as we exploit that and as that goes to market and moves into production, that's when you'll start seeing accelerated growth, right? And that can't happen soon enough from my perspective, but it takes time in our business.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Throw me in that bucket of can't happen soon enough as well. A follow-up question as it pertains to OpEx. It's jumping up this quarter as a percent, but you guys are shaving it down pretty good in fiscal Q4. I mean, are we to assume -- can we assume that if we're in this kind of sluggish environment going into next fiscal year that there are a few more levers you guys can pull on the OpEx side to keep it down?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I think we certainly are going through -- we'll go through that process with plan depending on what we see the outlook for the top line is, and I think there are more levers that could be pulled if we get ourselves in a negative kind of growth situation again. But we're also not going to slow down technology too slow just to get back in the business model in the short term and then screw our opportunities for growth in the future. So it is a balance, and I do hear you. We're going to work through that.
Operator: And your final question for the day will be Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the earlier SSI question. Your competitor had talked about a fairly limited size for the prototype market. Can you -- understanding that you see more than just a prototyping opportunity here, can you help us size the overall opportunity for the Stacked Silicon Interconnect and how much of that is actually prototyping?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So let me repeat and so try to quantify it. The equivalent of SSIT from the customer's perspective is like having a much larger FPGA available 2 or 3 years earlier than they could achieve any other way. And in addition, because we have a version which is heterogenous, in other words, has [indiscernible] integrated with the FPGAs, it also enables a significant growth in terms of bandwidth. And so if you look at that and you say, "Forget about how it's implemented, right, that it's 3D and all of that, what does that -- what is the size of those markets?" And those markets overall are several hundred million dollars per year markets, right? Now there's a subset of that which is used for prototyping, that's correct, and that prototyping is where it's used primarily by semiconductor companies or ASIC or for the few remaining ASIC designs to do early product assessment of their products. And there, as long as you have the biggest one available, which we do now, it enables -- it facilitates itself and it's repeatable. So even though those customers don't go into production, whenever they're doing a new design then they're designing new versions of these ASIC prototypes, so it's not a one-hit wonder, and it actually is quite broad and as such that's why we believe that it's several hundred million dollar market. It's the high end of the FPGA market, and it also enables us to break into what would be the midrange of the ASIC market or the sweet spot of the ASIC market, and that's a pretty big market in of itself. So trying to minimize that is probably erroneous. It's significant. And as long as there isn't an alternative, it continues until that alternative exists and typically it takes 2 or 3 years before the next generation of FPGA is there and can achieve that level of complexity. So you can assume that there's at least a 2- or 3-year edge there, which we intend to exploit very aggressively.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow up. Do you foresee people wanting to stack FPGAs with non-FPGA devices such as CPUs or ASICs in the same interconnect structure? Is that something customers want and something that you might provide?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, generally speaking, we haven't -- we are the leaders, we're the only people who have it. We have our first generation of product you can get. We have wrung out all of the issues there. The first generation had 2 elements of integration and you can assume that in the next generation, there will be more things that can be integrated on using the 3D capabilities, and then it needs to be economically viable to do that. So some applications require things like memory, some applications require other elements. We're way ahead of anyone else in terms of identifying those and pursuing them.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific time, 8 p.m. Eastern time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of fiscal year '13 will be Thursday, January 17 after the market close. Please do save the date for our 2013 analyst meeting, which will be held on March 5 in New York City. More details to follow. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: At this time, ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the June quarter and then we'll open the call for questions. This quarter, we changed our revenue by product category classification. We make changes to these classifications periodically as products mature and new products are introduced, enabling the product categories to be more meaningful to investors. For comparative purposes, we have provided a supplemental schedule on our website at www.investor.xilinx.com that presents results based on both the new and old category classifications. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available, and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx's sales were $583 million in the June quarter, up 4% sequentially slightly better than the midpoint of our guidance. The quarter was characterized by strength in Asia-Pacific, particularly in communications applications, marginally better than anticipated shipments of last time buy inventory and expected weakness in North America driven by defense and industrial, scientific and medical. Turns were 55% for the quarter and relatively linear on a monthly basis. We continue to get the capacity we need from our foundry partners, and our lead times with few exceptions are within normal ranges. Gross margin was 66%, at the high end of our forecast due primarily to continued new product yield improvement. Operating expenses of $220 million were in line with guidance resulting in an operating margin of 28.2%. New product sales were up 31% sequentially, with strong growth from our 28-nanometer, 40-nanometer and 45-nanometer families. Sales of our 28-nanometer products increased significantly during the quarter surpassing our target of $10 million. On a year-over-year basis, new products are up nearly 80% with most of this growth coming from our 40- and 45-nanometer product portfolios, which continue to gain momentum as designs ramp into volume production. Mainstream products increased 4% during the quarter, but are down 16% versus the same quarter of the prior fiscal year and base products declined 5% during the quarter, but are down 10% on a year-over-year basis. Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. During the quarter, we modified our end market categories in 2 ways. First, we moved all data center customers into the communications category. And second, we renamed the categories to be more descriptive of the applications contained within each category, as well as more reflective of how we run the business. The communications category will now become communications and data center. Sales from this category were particularly strong during the quarter increasing 8% sequentially driven by strong wired communication sales and double-digit sales to wireless applications. The category that used to be called industrial and other will be now called industrial and aerospace and defense. This category decreased 5% sequentially with decreases from industrial, scientific and medical and aerospace and defense. The consumer and automotive category has been renamed broadcast, consumer and automotive. Sales from this category increased 12% sequentially during the quarter driven by strength from audio/video broadcast and automotive, while pure-play consumer applications were essentially flat. Lastly, the data processing category, which has been a relatively small business for Xilinx over the last several years, was renamed other. This category will continue to contain applications such as high-performance computing, server and computer peripherals. Sales from this category increased 11% sequentially. Net income for the quarter was $130 million or $0.47 per diluted share. Other income and expense, with a net expense of $9.7 million, higher than anticipated due primarily to lower than anticipated income from our investment portfolio and slightly higher interest expense associated with the accounting treatment of the convertible debt instruments. Operating cash flow for the June quarter was $163 million before $8 million in CapEx. We paid $58 million in cash dividends during the quarter and repurchased 3.1 million shares for $99 million. The tax rate in the June quarter was 16%. Diluted shares for the quarter were 274 million shares. There was a 6 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes. For questions relating to the dilution associated with the convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $16 million to approximately $3.1 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $1.8 billion. Days sales outstanding increased 5 days in the June quarter to 40 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx declined by $12 million sequentially during the quarter. Combined inventory days at Xilinx and distribution together were at 99 days, down from 110 days in the prior quarter. We are now within our target of 90 to 100 days, but expect days to increase slightly in the September quarter. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the September quarter at Slide 13. Our backlog heading into the quarter is down sequentially, due in part to the completion of our last time buy program, which we expect to negatively impact us by approximately $25 million. This is a somewhat larger number than we had originally anticipated given greater than expected last time buy sales in the June quarter. Additionally, we believe macroeconomic uncertainty may result in unpredictable customer ordering patterns. That being said, we are expecting continuing growth from our new products as we continue to enjoy strong demand for products in all technology shipping in this category. From an end market perspective, we expect communications to be down sequentially. Within communications, there will be certain pockets of growth such as wireless in North America and most data center applications. However, we expect these areas of growth to be offset by declines isolated to a couple of major end customers as they adjust internal inventories. Within industrial and automotive -- excuse me, industrial and aerospace and defense, we expect defense and test and measurement to decline with ISM to be relatively stable. Lastly, we expect broadcast, consumer and automotive to decline driven by consumer and automotive, with sales from broadcast expecting to increase. As a result, we're expecting total sales to be down 4% to down 8% sequentially with sales from all geographies decreasing. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 57%. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 66% consistent with the June quarter. We continue to make progress on margin improvement projects across our product portfolio with particular emphasis on new product margin improvement. Operating expenses in the September quarter expected to be approximately flat at $220 million, including $2 million of amortization of acquisition related intangibles. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $8 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 274 million shares. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 16%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. While there continues to be uncertainty in the current economic environment, I'm very pleased with the sales increase of 4% in the June quarter. This growth was driven by double-digit increases in half of our secondary end markets. New product sales were exceptional during the quarter, increasing more than 30% sequentially. This growth was driven by across-the-board strength from both our 28-nanometer and 40-nanometer, 45-nanometer product families indicating widespread customer adoption in all application segments. Particular sales from our 28-nanometer product family grew significantly in the June quarter exceeding our $10 million milestone. There is no question that we are realizing the advantages of our highly differentiated breakout portfolio that includes not only FPGAs, but also our pioneering all programmable 3D ICs and SoCs. The growth in June was driven by significant increases in revenue shipments of Virtex-7 and Kintex-7 FPGAs, Virtex-7 3D ICs and Zynq SoC products. Our 28-nanometer product family rollout continues at an accelerated pace. Not only did we achieve a significant revenue milestone for the family through the announcement of the first shipments of our Artix-7 family FPGAs, we are now shipping members of the entire 28-nanometer family. The Artix-7 devices extend the reach of 28-nanometer FPGA technology to applications requiring low power, low-cost programmable devices with the highest performance in the industry by far for this category of device implemented in a small form factor. Artix-7 devices are securing design wins in a large number of applications, including portable, medical, handheld radio, small cellular base stations. This past quarter, we also began shipping for revenue the Virtex-7 H580T FPGA. This is the industry's first 3D heterogeneous all programmable product. Virtex-7 HT devices use our stacked silicon interconnect technology to deliver the industry's highest bandwidth programmable devices, featuring up to 16 28-gigabit per second transceivers and 72 13.1-gigabit per second transceivers, making them the only single-chip solutions for addressing key 100-gig and 400-gig line card applications and functions. With the April announcement of our Vivado Design Suite, we now have all 4 key elements of about 28-nanometer portfolio in the market. All programmable FPGAs, SoCs and 3D ICs coupled with the next-generation design environment enable these next generation devices. The customer acceptance of Vivado has been outstanding, with more than 200 beta customers designing with this new software suite, which provides up to a 4x productivity advantage and an improvement of 15% in terms of quality of results over previous generation development environments. 28-nanometer design win momentum continues at an unprecedented pace. We continue to see customers move away from ASICs through programmable imperative accelerated this node. The same time, we're integrating and displacing evermore ASSPs, as mid-tiered vendors struggle to fund and deliver on their next-generation devices, while our 28-nanometer portfolio is enabling a whole totally new level of programmable systems integration coupled with game changing price-performance per watt parameters. Additionally, with our breakout 3D Virtex-7 ICs and our Zynq-7000 SoC products, we're penetrating markets and applications that traditionally were not served by FPGAs, and there is no PLD competition there yet. We have demonstrated indisputable leadership with our 28-nanometer portfolio. We have now shipped parts from all 5 of the 28-nanometer product families to hundreds of customers further demonstrating the very broad acceptance of the family. Having achieved the $10 million sales milestone in the June quarter, with sales expected to exceed $20 million in the September quarter, I'm confident that this 28-nanometer node will, by a very significant margin, be our most successful node ever. Despite some near-term concern in the macroeconomic environment, our clear 28-nanometer leadership puts us in a phenomenal competitive position that will enable continued share gains, against both ASICs, ASSPs and traditional PLD competitors. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: You talked about 5 out of the 10 submarkets being up this quarter. Can you talk about which end markets are sort of most or least below their prior peak in demand and given the guidance, are we done with inventory replenishment and restocking at this point?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I'd say from a peak perspective Ian, this is Jon, I think from a peak perspective, wired is a little bit below the peak and ISM is a little bit below the peak. I think those are a couple that are, I would say, marginally softer, but slightly softer. And then the computing aspect of things has been down a little bit from its peak, but generally others have been up. I'd say so wired and wireless down a little bit, I didn't mention wireless, wireless has been down a little bit because obviously there was some bigger build-up when both China and U.S. we're going at the same time. So it comes down a little bit and then pure industrial down a little bit. And did you have a second part of that question, Ian, I'm sorry, I missed that.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Just your sense as -- is inventory replenishment and restocking over at this point or if there's still...
Jon A. Olson: Yes. I may make some general comments about our posture and positioning here. And I think from an economic perspective, we really are seeing -- we aren't seeing anything really negative out in the market. I mean, orders have slowed, but yet cancellations and push outs have not increased. And my view here is there isn't any -- there is not significant build up of inventory in the overall in any of our end markets, with some exceptions in the communications segment. There are a couple of customers that I think have been procuring inventory a little bit ahead, and they're going to work through that in the next quarter or 2. I think that's the only place where we see anything. And that really isn't across the board, that's just at a couple of selected customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Just a follow up on that question, I'm wondering if you could kind of breakout, is it on the wireless or wireline side of this inventory piece, a few major customers that you have are building some inventory?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, it's wireline, primarily. Sometimes it's hard to tell because we do ship to some customers that have both wireless and wireline, but it is a little bit more wireline than it is wired.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: And then I guess the second question would be on the industrial side, which had a -- we just rebounded in the March quarter, I guess in the June quarter with some inventory refresh or replenishment to the cycle there, do you think that's now kind of a little bit completed or do you think there's any legs left in that part of the business?
Jon A. Olson: I think it's completed, and I think everyone's being really cautious about ordering. I wanted to emphasize our -- the fact that our lead times are in great shape on a relative basis so there -- my belief is that people are being a lot more cautious about stocking inventory, and they know they can get it in a relatively short amount of time. So if I go back to look at some of the other cycles we've gone into, we've seen push outs and cancellations increase ahead of the revenue drop, and we really aren't seeing that. So I think it's possible we've been cautious on our guidance for the coming quarter, but I do think we're going to be going through -- living through periods of up and down here as people make a decision on whether the economy is slowing down or not. Yet we still see CapEx spending very strong in the wireless area and even some wired initiatives going on in China. So it doesn't feel unhealthy to me. It's just feels like a lot of caution.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: And I'll sneak one last one if I could on the P&L. R&D was supposed to peak, I guess, in the September quarter, is that still the expectation, I mean, in the back half of the fiscal year we see some decline in the overall OpEx rate?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so total OpEx I believe will still be lower in the second half of our fiscal year than in the first half of the fiscal year. That being said, I think OpEx will move up a little bit from the $220 million in the December quarter, but then decline in December. So we're going to have a little more flat, instead of having a more pronounced peak like peak, it's going to be a little more flat than a decline.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So Moshe put out some 28-nanometer revenue targets, can you just give us a sense of how you expect 28-nanometer to ramp after this quarter and then if you could provide what the 40-, 45-nanometer revs were in the previous quarter and how you expect that to ramp as well?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, well, we aren't making any specific forecasts for this year, Chris, on 28-nanometer, but we do expect every quarter to increase on a going forward basis throughout the rest of this fiscal year. We're seeing very strong uptake from our customers even for samples, which is an extremely positive view relative to history on 28-nanometer. So we would expect increase. I know we're forecasting going from exceeding $10 million to exceeding $20 million and on a percentage basis, that's pretty good. I doubt that, that percentage increase will continue, but I do expect significant growth on a quarter-by-quarter basis for the rest of the year. And our 40 and 45, the whole new product, the new product category now is defined by being 28-nanometer and 40, 45 technology solely. So there's nothing else in there. So we grew overall new products over 30%, so 31%. And so I think you can probably do the math since we gave you the 28-nanometer number, you can figure it out pretty well.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And for my follow up, I guess a bit of a longer-term question, so if we look at your guidance for the September quarter and compare it with a year ago, revenues have bounced around, but it's roughly flat. And yet OpEx is up, I want to say like almost 15%. So can you just talk about your longer-term plans on how to get a little more leverage out of the model and to get the OpEx down towards your target and how do you feel about -- like the growth of the PLD industry and the growth of Xilinx these days?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so there's no question that we are spending ahead of the revenue growth level at this point in time and that's really primarily to leverage our leadership at 28-nanometer to make sure we get everything out as fast as we probably can and that speed and then the expense of the technology are driving that. And we've talked about in our long term revenue growth model of 8% to 12% growth. I mean, we need -- in order to get ourselves into model, we do need to grow at least at the 8% growth, and certainly the midpoint of that 8% to 10%, 5-year CAGR would put us in a position where we would comfortably be back in the model in my opinion. So we do need that, the top line growth in order to make that happen and to the extent that it happens, then our model holds, to the extent it doesn't happen, then we'd have to reevaluate, but we're not in that situation of thinking about reevaluation at this time.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And we're confident that the strong position on 28-nanometer is what will drive that growth, hence the ongoing investment to make sure that we don't compromise that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Jon, can you just explain this last time buy issue demand? I'm not familiar with it. It looks like it's having a meaningful impact to your guidance in the quarter. Is it a problem that goes away after the September period?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, well, this is just the obsolescence of old technologies that after 12 to 14 years, we tell our customers that since volumes are relatively low we're not going to continue to ship small quantities and hold the manufacturing capability in our foundries beyond that, and we'd give them a long notice to say, better to tell us all of the units that you need and then take them, and we give you a last date that you have to actually receive them all. And so, this is basically a 2-year cycle that goes on, so every 2 years, we have this kind of process going on. And in this particular cycle from that technology, yes, we have had some elevation in the normal run rate for those products, which we've characterized as approximately $25 million impact in the September quarter. We will be shipping a very limited number of those products from those technologies on a go-forward basis. So yes, after -- starting in September, we won't be shipping very many of them.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then on North America infrastructure, it was an area of strength for you last quarter, and I think you guys are saying it's going to be up again this quarter. Considering that this market tends to be lumpy, are you at all concerned that maybe it fades as the year progresses?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so we're still very bullish about wireless. Our customer's customer serving North America, and we believe that even though if you just look at the CapEx spending between Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile, at least Verizon and AT&T on a year-over-year basis, you said, while the CapEx spending really isn't going up that much why would Xilinx improve? Well, if you look inside of where they're spending their CapEx, they aren't spending on wired. They're spending more of it on wireless this year than they did last year. And so we're benefiting from their increased focus on 4G rollout in the U.S. And Sprint continues to be deploying as well and then T-Mobile in the second half of this year starts to kick in, in North America. So we are -- even though many of those units are shipped at different geographies for build and then shipped back into North America, we are still very positive on the rest of this year's impact with respect to our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO, Bank of Montréal.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Jon and Moshe, first, just a little bit more clarification on what I'm hearing from you guys versus what the customers are saying because on the wireline side it seems we have seen a parade of misses from the com equipment guys, and they have specifically called out North America spending slowing down, so you are saying that North America wireless is trying to think. Ericsson also talked about LTE becoming stronger going forward, but just reconciling that with what you were saying and more importantly, you mentioned that no "alarm bells" are going off and maybe you didn't use that word, but what then sets the alarm bells for you guys when you look at the order patterns, kind of what are the metrics that you look at and say, "Uh oh, this is not what we were thinking," i.e. it's much worse than what we were initially thinking. And then my quick follow up was rather tied to what Chris was asking, interestingly enough, when you go down another node and we heard about multiple patterning and how that entails a higher cost, would that keep your OpEx higher as you go to the next node of Virtex?
Jon A. Olson: Okay, so back on the comment on infrastructure business and particularly in North America that wire -- actually, wireline is a little softer. It will go down in the September quarter we believe and is wireless and that is the biggest issue positive issue for us. Wireline overall is, I'd say, stable in most places, down a little bit in North America and then down a little bit in Asia-Pacific. So it is kind of a mixed bag for us, it's a net down. But wireless, while wireless is -- went up quite a bit in the June quarter, a very healthy double-digit percentage, we think we'll be able to kind of hold that level, if you will, and there are these additional things that are happening with other carriers that we believe is going to give us some strength. So I know it's a little confusing because it's up some places, down some places, but we think we're in a really good position in this cycle with both, 65-, 40- and 28-nanometer technologies across the board winning designs at the key suppliers supporting LTE technology. Then your ordering pattern question. Yes, I know, there's all these things written in the paper, there's been a couple of companies that have come out and say things are softer in industrial, and they might miss their numbers and those kinds of things, and I respect that and that's why I think we've had a relatively cautious forecast, meaning down because we do think some things in industrial are going to be much more challenging. The data points that we look at are the rate of cancellations and push outs, the rate of orders, particularly when you're talking about industrial, how it shapes up from our distribution channel and what their forecasts are and what they're seeing, and we look at that by geography so we get a sense as to whether it's one geography or broad-based, a broad-based scenario. And it's entirely possible that we aren't seeing it yet and it's yet to come, but I also don't -- we talk to customers, we aren't getting the feeling that they're canceling their orders. And our backlog's down some, it's not down gigantic amount. So there's a lot there that could push out and cancel if they wanted too. So we look at all those data points, we review all that weekly, and we've taken our best shot of what we think the quarter is even though I know there's all this macro uncertainty that you read about. And I try not to read the papers too much because it can get you depressed and try to use the data to guide the business. Then the third question's around node...
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes, why don't I take that? So definitely, 20-nanometer is going to be more difficult than 28 and similarly 28 was technically more challenging and more expensive on a per device basis than the 40-nanometer. And the way we are addressing it is we are being ever more diligent in making sure that the return on our engineering investment is there to support the level of investment. So generally speaking, I think that it should more or less remain at the same level, but we will be more careful with regards to tape-outs and we'll make sure that everyone counts as they become more expensive and more difficult and the design investment, it's incumbent upon us to make sure that the returns are there to support it. So generally speaking, our product planning is more meticulous at the 20-nanometer node than it has been at the 28-nanometer node and similarly at the 28-nanometer node was a lot more disciplined than it was of the previous node. It's one of the reasons that we believe we have actually hit the ball out of the park on the 28. The products were designed very well, and they're more or less getting that response from the customers. They're getting the right level of performance and power for each of the target markets, and we just need to be more diligent because you can't, if the design costs go up 2x or the market costs go up 2x, then you definitely can't afford to have the same number of tape-outs and hence we are being more careful and more meticulous about the planning process.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Ryan Carver in for John Pitzer. Just following up on that last comment, given the focus on the return of engineering investment on the allocation of engineering resources for future nodes, how does that coincide with your stated intent to be pursuing ASIC and ASSP sockets, which traditionally have a lower ASP? I mean, how do you balance this resourcing for future nodes towards the right efforts with also pursuing traditionally lower ASP sockets?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So that's a good observation, one doesn't preclude the other. We just need to be -- to the extent that we're targeting or replacing ASICs and ASSPs, which is happening en masse basically. Clearly, much faster on the ASIC front than on the ASSP front, but its happening on both of those areas. You just need to make sure that the devices you do come out with are targeted to compete effectively and have the right performance and power and set of features that the customers need. So it's incumbent upon us to do that. Having said all of that, you need to realize that these same parameters apply to the ASSP and the very, very, very few companies that are still pursuing ASICs and typically only for extremely high volume consumer-type application. And their design costs are going up, so they can't continue to blanket the earth and start designs willy nilly, and they're not. And what we're seeing is an ongoing accelerated transition where less and less companies are pursuing those angles on the ASICs front and on the ASSP front to be very well documented that the companies that are moving forward, are moving forward very aggressively, and we are one of those who strive to be at the leading edge, but more and more are holding back and saying, "Well, we'll design at the new nodes 2 to 5 years from now because we can't afford it anymore, and at that point in time the market costs will go down and the yields will be at their peak, et cetera, and we'll be able to make the financials work." But at that point in time, we will, if we continue to move forward, we'll have a big advantage versus those companies that are holding back and that is part of the programmable imperative and it continues at least at this point basically unimpaired and full steam ahead.
Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then just sort of going back into the coms business. If you look back to the Q1 timeframe, I mean, you guys were up sequentially in coms, where your comp was sort of down 20%, and it seemed to be a pretty big gap in similar sectors, albeit, different geographical mixes and now you guys are talking about sort of a down September quarter on large customer inventory burn down. So I'm just curious, how much of the strength in the Q1 and the Q2 timeframe calendar-wise was attributable to perhaps pull-ins versus sort of organic demand?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I don't think there's any impact on any pull-ins to any large degree. We did call out, there was a couple of customers that built -- that has some inventory issues that we believe they built ahead. But on a broad-base, there really wasn't an exacerbated calendar Q1 or calendar Q2 impact from any of that. We were participating in a recovery in the March quarter in a very large way as customers very broadly across all of our end markets replenished their inventory, and I think we've had more, say, typical growth out of an inventory cycle. I'd say it's very typical for us that you'd have to ask a competitor about their particular profile and issues.
Ryan Carver - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. One last if I could, on 28-nanometer relative to March quarter expectations for the growth, I mean, how does that growth trajectory look? And I guess what I'm thinking about is, given early in the year commentary that 28-nanometer would be sold out through the balance of the year, how has your 28-nanometer trended relative to what you had perhaps told your foundry partners at the beginning of the year and are there any issues in terms of needing more product that they be can potentially supply or being forced to take more product than you actually need?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, we projected some time ago that when we'd hit $10 million this quarter, and we're delighted to have done that, and that's in line with our plans. For several quarters, we expected this to be a $10 million quarter. And similarly, we're looking at the $20 million mark and for the quarter we are in, the September quarter and as Jon alluded to, we expect growth, and it could be significant growth through the rest of our fiscal year because this is a rocket ship, and it's one of those things which when it takes off, given the nature of our business, it doesn't turn on immediately, it starts layering. And we're seeing an acceleration, which is the fastest we've seen, which we strongly believe is a function of the technology position we have and the breadth and depth of our product offering, plus the very significant advantage this gives over the previous generation of product in terms of much lower power and much higher level of -- much higher density or gate count. So fundamentally, the product offering is very strong. We're seeing that translate into design wins. Now design wins, those are very big numbers, they're in the billions of dollars at this point, but what really matters is revenue and that's the number we're fixated on, and that's the number that really matters. And we feel very comfortable in our fab partner, TSMC, at 28-nanometer being able to cover for us, and you need to keep in mind that these are great numbers for us, but these are still small numbers in terms of wafer volume for a large fab like TSMC. So they have the capacity to address this, and we do not see any issues either this year or to be honest next year in terms of meeting our demands.
Jon A. Olson: Nor do we have any deals, any relationship that forces us to take a certain amount of wafers out. You made some comment that I didn't really -- maybe I had misinterpreted, but that's not how our relationship works where we're required to take it. So I wasn't 100% sure where you were going. First it was sold out. You said it was sold out, implying that we didn't -- we couldn't get capacity. Well, we have what we need to meet our revenue needs, and I guess that's all I'll say about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Moshe, first of all, congratulations on the progress you've made on 28-nanometers. Can you give me, is it possible for you to provide some color as to the relative strength of this business across the 3 segments you mentioned, the stacked silicon and the high end product content so that I can just kind of get a sense of where the strength is coming from, why is it different across the board.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So no, we have 5 general product families and 2 of the 5 are unique, and they are product families that we pioneered, and we believe we have huge as in a year or more and potentially could be significantly more lead over the competition. Those 2 product families are SSIT, the 3D stacked silicon; and the Zynq product line. The Zynq product line is still, in terms of number of units shipped, it's quite significant, but it's a small ASP. The stacked silicon tends to be a smaller number of units, but it's quite significant for devices of that complexity, and it is a significant part of the revenue that we have shipped. In addition, when you look at the 3 other product families which are the mainstream ones, which is the mainstream Virtex-7. That is basically doing extremely well, is ahead of plan and given that it has a significant power advantage over the competing products, plus we actually have higher overall bandwidth going in and out of those devices. We're seeing a tremendous level of design wins, which is starting to translate to revenues. But that's not yet huge as part of the $10 million number. So the largest components of the number are the SSIT and actually the Kintex product offering. But very shortly, we expect the Virtex to translate into a significant number and actually if you look at the overall Virtex family it will be the majority of the revenue at the node will be the Virtex and the SSIT, which is the high end of the Virtex. And then the Zynq is sort of an expansion play, which is on schedule and we already have in our mind a year at a minimum of lead over the competition and that is starting to move into volume production in the foreseeable future. So it will be a major part of our revenue coming soon, but it will be less than either Virtex or Kintex as a stand-alone. Artix, we have sampled the product and that tends to be the low end so in terms of the overall percentage of the revenue that will likely be the smallest of the --
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Of the mix?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Of them all. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It does. It does. Let me just ask you a difficult question, part of the strategy to drive growth is to retake share in the 40-nanometer category, and you've grown that over just -- in the quarter that just ended. Any way for us to calibrate your progress and if we have any sense as to where your share was and where you like it'd to catch so that we know how to calibrate that, that would be helpful.
Jon A. Olson: Jon could just...
Jon A. Olson: Let me try that. So quarterly share is really dependent on customer mix and things like that relative to us versus our competitor, and so when I did the Analyst Day, as you may recall I talked about the fact that in calendar year '11, we had 35% share at that node, and we felt on a run-rate basis over the next several years it was going to move up to 50%. Last quarter, I'll say the March quarter, make sure we're in the right quarter, March quarter we estimated to be in the low to mid-40% because we shipped quite a bit, our competitor didn't ship as much. This quarter, I don't know what this quarter is going to be, but we had very significant growth, as we said, we had over 30% growth of new products and the overweighting dollar value of our new products happen to be in 40-, 45-nanometer because we're still very fresh with the 28-nanometer, $10 million or so. And so we had a very, very strong growth of 40-, 45-nanometer so we're very happy with where we are in terms of these key designs that are moving into production and starting to take volume. And I think because we've modified our new products to be only 2 technologies now, it's going to be easier for you guys to figure out what the growth numbers are, good, bad or different at any given quarter as we provide that data and information.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sure. That's helpful. And just one last question please, if I may. Moshe, can you just provide a bit more insight as to what's going on within China, ZTE, which is one of your customers, preannounced recently I think on Sunday night and that if I think about the various phases of events within China, it's something a little difficult to kind of get a clear view. So any sense as to how you see the China coms business developing and the road you expect to play in that will just be my last question.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, China's been a focus area for us, and it clearly was a smaller business for us than it was for our primary competitor, and I think part of that was due to a geographic focus and part of it was due to product focus. And I have no doubt that the Chinese companies and the 2 biggest ones are very well known are going to do very well in the communications business, and we feel that we have by far, the best product offering which addresses their requirements. So we don't know who the winners are going to be, but in terms of percentage of business for us in China, it should be much higher than it has been in the past and that will be driven by 28-nanometer. And it's already manifesting itself in terms of design wins and actually significant parts of the $10 million was shipped into China. So best we can tell that's going in the right direction for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you talk about the -- what you see in terms of small cell in terms of FPGA content? How meaningful that could be later in the year and whether we should be concerned on second generation of those small cell that there could be some migration back into ASIC or you think that FPGA has a very solid position in those new products or new class of products?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So what is becoming clearer is that they are going to be heterogeneous networks, which have a mix of macro cells and small cells and when we talk to our key customers in this area, we're hearing more and more that they expect that to be the norm, and it isn't going to be one replacing the other, but both of those will need to coexist, and they expect their end customers to deploy networks, which has a mix of those. And so as such, we are continuing to see a big investment in wireless base station infrastructure buildup which uses FPGAs. In those cases we actually see that the FPGA is becoming a larger portion of the bill of materials as our customers painstakingly point out to us every time there's a negotiation. And so generally speaking, we're addressing what is a larger market. Portions of it will definitely be addressed by small cells and those might be either done as ASICs or there's a whole host of ASSP companies that are probably overpopulating that arena and hoping that it will grow at a large rate. We expect those to coexist and we actually play in some of those markets with our products, but it's not in the high-volume consumerish places. It's in -- for a larger number of users that's where FPGAs are used to implement that. So this announcement on the death of macro cells is, and I'm paraphrasing, very premature at this point in time and everything we hear from our customers implies that they're going to be deploying massive amounts of macro cells in the future, both short, medium and long term, and it's not a one technology obviates the need for the other, they both will coexist.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, we're actively designing for some concept with FPGAs as a player in certain categories, in certain numbers of users of the cells -- of small cells, which if you get more educated, everybody's got their own version of a small, medium and large, but we believe we can participate in the medium-sized and the larger sized small cells if you want to get to be real basic in that. So we do think that we are -- we do believe it's going to grow and that category is going to grow, and we think we have a play in them as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk about on the wireless side, some of the geographical trends you're seeing and you expect over the next couple of quarters there's been a lot of mixed data points about what's happening in India and China and in other geographies including Europe. Can you maybe talk about what kind of deployments you're expecting? Do you think those are slowing down or you see them as largely unchanged in the end of the year?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so let me take that one, Jim. Over the next 2 to 3 quarters, I think there's a bigger opportunity for carrier spending first in North America then in Europe and then maybe third in China, and then India would be last. And I know Europe might sound odd, but some of our data points seem to indicate that there is a need to have more CapEx and to start to upgrade the network, which is starting not to keep up in some of the suppliers in particularly they have not even really touched the LTE technology at this point in time and there are carriers that are now making the call to invest even in the face of -- for their biggest macroeconomic uncertainty is, which is in Europe. So if those actually -- if they really go forward with that, I think that will be a very positive thing for us as well. I've talked a lot about North America and how strong it is with all the major carriers here making investments. Even Russia, for example, we believe there's a big play going on in Russia to start to roll LTE and again that's a very positive thing relative to the customers where we are. China seems to be the biggest potential consumer, but not a whole lot of movement going on about when things really happen, and when things are going to take off. And then India, I have no new information on India, just seems to still be uncertain of when it's going to happen.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful color. And then maybe as a follow up, normally in the December quarter, your defense business is up rather strongly based on the visibility you see in products today and how you think that's going to shape up, do you still think that's going to be the case this December quarter or do you think there is a potential that the fiscal issues could -- and the budgetary issues could have an impact on that this year?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, there's always an issue. There's always a chance that the fiscal issues could have some impact. But typically, it's more the volume or our revenue is typically projects that are well in flight somewhere and sometimes that can be impacted by the short term freezes and things like that, in other times not. I would still expect a better December in aerospace and defense than in September. That's my expectation, but I have to admit I have not looked at it on a customer-by-customer basis yet. We're saying we're down at September versus June, and I would -- my expectation is that we would be up again in December in that category.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a question on the magnitude of your guidance by segment, about 4 out of your down 6 points in your overall guidance is coming from the last time buys, if we take that out of the equation, you talked about your main end market categories, can you give us an idea of the magnitude of how you believe those would perform? Kind of what would be best, what would be worse, et cetera?
Jon A. Olson: Parsing out pieces of our revenue and not having a way to explain it to you on an equal basis is actually a little dangerous thing for me to do. I don't think I'm going to give non-GAAP information about our end markets that we publish on our filings and things like that by taking certain things out. I will -- I can tell you that, that last time buy has impacted several -- we ship things to several end markets, but industrial, automotive, aerospace and defense and some communications and kind of in that order. Those are the ones that were impacted the most by it. So you might imply from that, that oh, since industrial is going to be kind of flat, not counting aerospace and defense, then gee if you didn't have last time buy maybe it would have been up a little bit. So I'm not trying to be difficult, but I don't really think I want to get into non-GAAP analysis.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. And then one that might be a little bit straightforward, I guess, just a clarification of an earlier comment you made, Jon, on the OpEx trajectory for the rest of the fiscal year. Just to make sure I have the fiscal and the calendar quarters right, did you say that the December quarter OpEx would actually be up a little and then the bigger fall off to get the back half down year over or half over half would be in March or was it actually going to be down in the December quarter as well?
Jon A. Olson: It's what you said first, it will be up, it's going to be up a little bit in December quarter and then down in March.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question just a point to clarify. In terms of end of life, what was the sequential downtick in September that's negatively impacting your guidance?
Jon A. Olson: $25 million. Okay, we'll ship $25 million less of that category of inventory in September then we did in June.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And that will fully be resolved end of September and should not impact revenues going into the December quarter or will there be a sale?
Jon A. Olson: Correct. The tail is really, really small. So essentially it's -- that's it. Now we're done with that, with that technology.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Excellent. And then I guess a question on 28 and thank you for the great color there in terms of what's driving the growth in the mix there. And I guess my question is on the stacked silicon side, can you talk about what the kind of growth trajectory looks like there, my understanding is that emulation is the biggest driver for you guys, and I guess curious what the sustainability of growth looks like and how we should think about that part of the business exiting calendar '12 and moving into calendar '13?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So you're right in highlighting that emulation is a driver, but it's not the only driver and so if you look at who would use stacked silicon, you need to look at the -- what it provides customers and basically provides the customers with higher capacity and higher bandwidth than they can achieve any other way. And to some extent, it generates a market in of itself because the only other way to achieve this would be to design a hideously expensive ASIC and in some cases, even if they went to the most advanced process node then they would need to design for these to achieve these high frequencies, which is in of itself a very significant challenge. So clearly, the people who use it first are ASIC prototyping, but actually then it moves into other areas, which are wired communications, test and measurement and actually A&D, and it's all in the high end of those markets. So this is not a one quarter wonder and then the whole thing goes away. It does not really go away until there's an alternative, which if you use traditional forms at the very earliest, is available at the next process node, and it's available at the next process node only when the largest chips are available at the next process node, which typically take some time to get there. So you can count on this having a significant vibrant life and emulation are the early swallows, but then full-fledged spring starts with all of the other applications that use it, and it should have a 3-year life cycle just driven by the fact there is no other alternative. And as such we are very pleased with the opportunities it opens us.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's very helpful. If I could just sneak one last question in. Jon, what is -- and I know it's hard to calculate because nothing's normal these days, but what is typical seasonality for Q3?
Jon A. Olson: Q3 calendar, Q3 fiscal, trying to make sure it's September.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Calendar.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, September quarter. As you look back at our history, it's been up a little. So pretty flat and of course the standard deviation is actually pretty broad. We've had some times where we've been down a whole lot and up a whole lot, but if you look at averages over the last 5 years or 10 years, it's really in the neighborhood of kind of a plus or minus 2% range.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific time, 8 p.m. Eastern time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit the IR website. Our next earnings release date for the Second Quarter Fiscal Year '13 will be Wednesday, October 17 after the market close. This quarter, we'll be presenting at the 2012 Citi Technology Conference in New York City on September 5. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Muscha -  Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the March quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available, and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. Fiscal year 2012 was marked by challenging industry conditions. In spite of these, Xilinx introduced a record number of 28-nanometer products, gained market share on the 40-nanometer node and reported record operating cash flow of $827 million. Additionally, cost reduction efforts of the company contributed to gross margin improvement in each consecutive quarter of the year, enabling Xilinx to report a record gross margin of 66.4% in the March quarter. Turning to the March quarter, Xilinx sales were $559 million, up 9% sequentially and down 5% from the same quarter a year ago. This was better than our guidance heading into the quarter, primarily due to better-than-expected business from wireless communications customers deploying LTE and 3D technology, as well as a strong rebound across-the-board in the Industrial and Other category. Consumer & Automotive also posted better-than-expected strength due to exceptionally strong Automotive business across a broad base of customers and a better-than-expected growth from audio and video broadcast. Gross margin was a record of 66.4%, up from 65.8% in the prior quarter, driven in part by a more favorable customer and product mix, but also cost reduction efforts driven by the company, including better-than-expected yield improvement on newer products and better inventory supply chain management. Operating expenses were $208 million, only $1 million dollars higher than guided, as we were able to offset higher variable with expense management efforts. Operating margin was 29.1%, up from 26.8% in the prior quarter. New product sales were up 11% sequentially. Sales increases from our 28-, 40-, 45-nanometer and 65-nanometer products, all contributed to this increase. Mainstream products declined 4% and base products increased 21% sequentially or $24 million. The increase associated with last time buy products was about $18 million or approximately 3% of total revenue in Q4. Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. Communication sales increased 5% sequentially, driven by wireless sales, which increased double-digits during the quarter while wired sales were essentially flat. The Industrial and Other category posted the strongest sequential sales growth during the quarter, increasing 18% sequentially, with all secondary markets increasing double-digits. Consumer & Automotive sales increased 9% sequentially driven by strength from audio/video broadcast and automotive, while pure-play consumer applications were flat. Lastly, data processing sales decreased as anticipated, driven by weaker storage sales. Net income for the quarter was $134 million or $0.49 per diluted share. Other income and expense was a net expense of $7.1 million, better than guided due primarily to higher-than-anticipated gains associated with our investment portfolio and a non-U.S. investment credit. Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $208 million before $20 million in CapEx. We paid $50 million in cash dividend during the quarter, and recently raised our quarterly dividend $0.03 per share to 22% -- $0.22 per share per quarter. The tax rate in the March quarter was 14%. Diluted shares for the quarter were 276 million. There was a 7.7 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes due to an increase in the average stock price during the quarter. For questions related to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $175 million to approximately $3.1 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt and our net cash position is approximately $1.8 billion. Days sales outstanding decreased 3 days in the March quarter to 35 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx declined by $41 million sequentially during the quarter. Combined inventory days at Xilinx, distribution were 110, down significantly as expected from 142 days in the prior quarter. In the June quarter, we expect both dollars and days of inventory to slightly decline as we continue to align the appropriate supply with demand trend. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the June quarter of fiscal year '13. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up sequentially. We are expecting strong growth from our 28-nanometer and 40-, 45-nanometer product families. From an end market perspective, we are expecting sales from Communications to be up sequentially, with increases in both wired and wireless. We expect sales from Industrial and Other to be approximately flat sequentially, as increases in industrial, scientific and medical are offset by a decrease from defense. Consumer & Automotive is expected to be approximately flat, as increases in automotive are offset by a decrease in audio/video broadcast. Lastly, we expect data processing sales to increase sequentially. We expect last time buy sales to decline by about $5 million sequentially. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be up 1% to up 5% sequentially, with sales from Asia Pacific expected to increase, sales from Europe expected to be approximately flat and sales from the U.S. and Japan expected to be down. And the midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 55%. Gross margin is expected to be between 65% and 66%, slightly lower than the March quarter due to strong growth expectations from our 40-, 45-nanometer and 28-nanometer products. Operating expenses in the June quarter are expected to be approximately $220 million, including approximately $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. The majority of the growth in spending compared with the March quarter is in R&D and related to the 28-nanometer ramp, as our tape-out activity remains high. There's also some growth in our SG&A related primarily to variable spending increases as a result of higher revenue and also higher legal expenses. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $8 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 277 million shares. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 16%. This number excludes the impact of the R&D tax credit which has expired. Our estimate of the impact if reinstated in its current form, would lower the tax rate by approximately 1.5%. Let me now let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Sales increased over 9% sequentially in the March quarter, driven by double-digit increases from 6 of our secondary end market segments. This broad-based strength gives me confidence to us seeing a recovery in our business. Sales from new products, including our 28-nanometer and 40-, 45-nanometer families, drove growth during the quarter. With regard specifically to the 40-, 45-nanometer product family, revenue grew approximately 70% in fiscal year '12 over the previous year. This significant growth has allowed us to greatly improve our market share position in this node. Although this product generation will likely be much smaller over its lifetime than the 28-nanometer node, our share gains clearly indicate strong customer acceptance for these products. With regards to 28-nanometer, our sales during the quarter was driven by Kintex-7, the industry's first 28-nanometer FPGA family; and Virtex-7, including our stacked silicon interconnect technology, the industry's first 3D IC product with 2 million logic sales. 28-nanometer product family rollout continues at a rapid pace and will, without question, be the most successful node in the company's history.  In the March quarter, we achieved 2 significant milestones. First, we announced the transition to the production phase of the Kintex K325T FPGA. This has accelerated our ability to serve the demand created by the outstanding acceptance of 7 Series FPGA product family. We also began shipping Virtex-7 690T FPGA from our high-performance Virtex family. This device establishes a new benchmark for single-chip, serial bandwidth and is very well suited to address the market requirements of high-performance wired communications applications that require lower power, single-chip solutions. The 28-nanometer design win momentum continues to be outstanding. Now totaling more than 650, the total value of over $2 billion. Approximately 1/2 of the designs we have in the Communications end market are actually replacing ASIC or ASSP business, providing further testament to the acceleration of the programmable imperative. We've grown PLD market share for the past 5 quarters. The improvement in shares is a testimonial to the work over the past few years to deliver the most innovative, differentiated and highest value product portfolio. In addition, yesterday, we announced the delivery of the final, broad and very significant element of our indisputable technology leadership strategy. The Vivado Design Suite allows us to break away from the competition in productivity and enables the highest leverage of our next-generation product portfolio. Vivado is an IP and system-centric design environment built from the ground up to the next decade of what Xilinx calls, All-Programmable Devices. These devices go beyond programmable logic and I/O to enable programmable systems integration, leveraging various components of 3D stacked silicon interconnect technology, ARM-based embedded systems, Analog Mixed Signal, advanced high-speed serial transceivers, and a growing percentage of IP cores. The Vivado Design Suite is estimated to provide customers with up to a 4x productivity advantage over last generation development environments. Truly a revolutionary achievement. I cannot overstate how essential this is to enabling broad access for our customers to our leading-edge technology and for enabling accelerated revenue growth of 28-nanometer node.  In summary, I believe our all-in investment strategy is paying off. We have shipped parts from 4 of the 5 28-nanometer product families to more than 120 customers, demonstrating its broad acceptance. We're expecting 28-nanometer sales to exceed $10 million in the June quarter. We'll continue to execute the aggressive rollout plan. With continuously increasing market share, execution on the indisputable market-leading 28-nanometer portfolio, now and another breakout move in design productivity with Vivado, fiscal year '13 promises to be an incredibly exciting year for us. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura System.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: It's Romit Shah from Nomura. The results look pretty solid. I had a question on industrial. Is it fair to characterize the strength in this segment as largely driven by market share?
Jon A. Olson: Well, I wouldn't necessarily attribute it entirely to market share or even primarily to market share. I think what's happening out in the market, there is both a replenishment of inventory cycle that's going on but also sell-throughs. So we wouldn't have seen the -- I would say the overall strength in broad-based industrial or its scientific and medical applications, as well test and measurement, if there really wasn't a good pull-through going all the way. And while I do believe we are getting a lot of traction in the 40-, 45-nanometer area, and it's still very early on the 28-nanometer, we do think that was part of what contributed to share. But I don't want to say it's -- that's the only reason.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Then what changes in Q2 -- because I noticed that you're guiding that segment flat.
Jon A. Olson: Well, the biggest issue there is because of defense. So we had a defense program or 2 that was kicking in, in this past quarter in the March quarter. And so that caused our defense business to be higher. And so what's happening in the June quarter is that's coming back down. So in other words, the lumpy kind of a project acquisition from a defense perspective project, and the remainder of the industrial segment will continue -- continues to grow. So that's the balance that's going on, one piece going down, the other 2 pieces going up, but it ends up approximately flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from the Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Moshe, I'm sure, this is topmost in everybody's mind. There is variance between yourself and Altera, but this time, it's very big. I'm just trying to understand your -- just give us your perspective please, if I look at revenues, look at inventory and we do understand that you guys have a better kind of more diverse foundry relationship that allows you to step aside or at least mitigate some of the impact that we're hearing other companies talk about. And then my follow-through for you, Jon. On the margin front, are we ready to break out of the band that you guys have laid out for us? Because it sounds like STSM becomes a bigger mix and then as yields improve in 40, 45, shouldn't we be headed North of the stated trajectory?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So we can't really comment on what other people are seeing. We're seeing strong demand from the customers. We feel we have an incredibly strong portfolio, which after 4.5 years of building up is starting to demonstrate its strength. And this is now very, very broad. And the significant impacts of that are yet to come because this is mostly in 28-nanometer, and that's why we're projecting the $10 million for this upcoming quarter and we've, I think done a good job in meeting the customers' requirements. We believe that the technology choices we have made have high yields, enable the customers to get lower power and generally, higher performance across the board, and that should manifest itself. So from my perspective, the best is yet to come.
Jon A. Olson: I just want to add a little bit to that before I get to your margin question. If you look at what we've said going into this quarter and certainly, the way it ended up and when we're talking about next quarter, I mean, the recovery is well underway. I mean, it wasn't underway this past quarter. And we had 6 of our 10 sub-markets grew double digits, 7 of our 10 grow in absolute percentage. So that's not just a one-trick-pony kind of an adjustment situation for us. So we definitely feel, and Moshe pointed out in his remarks, that the recoveries underway and work through the first quarter and go again in the second quarter of it. So we do feel business overall, spending overall by companies is continuing to grow. I'm always a conservative guy. There's not snapback going on but there certainly -- it's -- we feel a lot more steady demand from our customers. So we're feeling pretty good. And from an inventory perspective, we do have some variety in our foundry partners. But on the other hand, we seem to be getting what we need to have even though in some places, it is tight, we were getting what we need to have from our foundry partners in order to meet customer demand. So I'm -- another example of what that means is our lead times are essentially up to normal standard. There's no extension going on, on any lead times anywhere. So we have ample inventory in order to serve our customers and we're getting support from foundries at that level.  From a margin perspective, yes, I anticipate this question being asked about 3 times today. Well, geez, why not improve your model? Well, the -- it's a difficult thing to forecast because mix is always a component of that. We had slightly lower top 50 customer contribution than the previous couple of quarters, 5 percentage point or 2. So there's a customer mix that tends to drive our -- to drive it a little bit better. We are very pleased with where we are with the yields right now, and I did say in the Analyst Day that once we got through the, I'll say, massive tape-out and introduction phase, if this route is -- this trajectory really holds is that we should flow that up to the top of the range or above. We just kind of got there really fast. And even though next quarter is -- we're still modifying that to say it's going to be near the top end of the range, 65% to 66%, we are very positive that we can operate at the high-end of that range given the dynamics, the way they are. So basically, I'm not ready to raise it. We'll see how things go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse. Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you'd comment on the kind of progress and the recovery in the communications vertical, specifically. You talked about wireless and wireline, both seeing strong improvement. Can you discuss any kind of differential in the wireless coming back faster than wireline or the reverse? And then maybe any kind of color by geography will be helpful.
Jon A. Olson: Sure. Let me take that one. So in the March quarter, it's driven primarily by wireless. So -- and if you also saw there, our European geographic segment was up. So -- and we talked -- and I talked in my remarks about LTE and 3G. So we feel like the activity going on in a worldwide basis x the Chinese manufacturers are actually going pretty well. And while I'm not necessarily saying that all the LTE providers in the U.S. are in a massive capital spend, they are -- we do believe that capital spend is going up and I think we've heard T-Mobile come out and say they're going to be doing some things in LTE. And so we are seeing a -- I'll say a nice support there relative to advanced technologies. And we happen to be tied strongly to one of the manufacturers of base stations that seems to be doing really well even on a worldwide basis. So that works out pretty well for us. So we definitely, in March, saw more of the strength in wireless than wired. Now if you take -- go back and look at December to March, our wired went up and we were concerned that we wouldn't be able to hold that. And we actually did hold that in this quarter. So it was flat. And now we're seeing both are going up, and what we're really seeing there is continued strength in the -- again, in the general LTE and 3G worldwide situation in addition to the fact, that we do see a network spend in terms of the network side of our wired business improving in the quarter. And it's actually fairly broad-based across several customers of the major guys. It isn't just one person popping up. So we are starting to see some spending going on, and we feel pretty good about where our position is in serving that capital spend that's going on.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then maybe could you comment a little bit on the strength you're seeing in Europe outside of your largest wireless customer? Is that all the increased you saw of 27% in the quarter or was there strength beyond that as well?
Jon A. Olson: No, there was really quite a bit of strength that of -- in the industrial category. In fact, between industrial and Communications, it was a very big pop for us there. So it was much broader than that. I know there's a lot being said about the economy in Europe not being all that well, but we're actually seeing customers really engaged with rolling out with new products, their products. So all that has been really, really positive to us and we're obviously hopeful that, that continues. And no, it was not just a wireless play in Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Let me just ask you a bit on the wired part of the business. So, Jon, you said you expect that to grow next quarter. Any comments you can make as to what you're seeing between service providers and enterprise? And I asked that because some of the comments coming out of the enterprise companies during this earnings season has been kind of mixed in terms how things are playing out now. So any comments you can make there would be helpful.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I think on the wired side going forward, it is -- there are several customers that I think have been pretty lean on inventory and is starting to build that inventory, and that's helping us even though I'm aware that their specific announcements haven't been all that great. But our design wins have been increasing there over the last few years in, I'll say, nontraditional FPGA areas and some of those designs are starting to kick in, particularly and we noted our 40-, 45-nanometer product family growing. We talked about that in the Analyst Day about how we thought that was going to be an increasing market share as we add designs taking off. And that in fact, is part of what's driving that for us in the wired, not solely, but part of what's going on there. And it is a more positive enterprise view than we had in the past quarter. So we are counting on the enterprise side of that being a leader in that growth in June.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. That's great. And just to finish up on -- do you have any 10% customers you want to mention to us? And I have a question for Moshe, for the quarter.
Jon A. Olson: We have no 10% customers for the quarter or the year.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Moshe, let me just ask you about the issues on 28-nanometer that TSMC has talked about. Obviously, you're not a high-volume customer yet of 28. But what is your take as to what that does in Europe for your ability to ramp in volume? Is that something that concerns you at this stage or not?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So Dr. Morris Chang gave a presentation at the TSMC technical conference and talked about challenges they have and, to a large extent, said that the worst was behind them. We were there first, picked out first, got product first, moved into production first, and we have the benefit of HPL, which has less process steps and probably is a tad less challenging. So it may be that, that is what is helping us through this. We don't have any HP or LP, and so far, so good. And you are right in pointing out that the numbers are very low at this point. But they're going to ramp up significantly in this quarter and the quarter we're in and the quarters going forward. So we watched this with -- very closely and we believe that our relationship is helping but more than anything else, it's the choice of the HPL process and being there first may have given us some benefits, which others may not have seen. Other than that, it's all conjecture on my part.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess maybe an extension to that question, which is to the extent there is any lack of availability of 28-nanometer wafers, not making a statement here about yield, is it possible that the 40-nanometer node may, in fact, play out a little bit longer? And might that not, at this stage, of 40-nanometer be a benefit for value because you guys are coming off your worst point of 40-nanometer share and are showing some signs of share gain there?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: No -- well, as you know, in 40-nanometer, we have relationship with UMC has worked generally well for us at that note in terms of technology availability. In terms of 28, it just provides such huge benefits in terms of much low power, increased performance, increased functionality and we have a much broader portfolio at 28 than we had at 40 and 45 node. So even though -- if you're asking for us to stack things, we don't see these issues at 40 at all. We do have the unique position there. So maybe that is helping us. And the 28 so far, we have not seen any challenges. It is, as Jon pointed out, very, very tight. And again, possible selection of HPL in addition to the product benefits maybe helped in terms of maturity yield, et cetera. But we really don't know. So we're a little puzzled as to those issues ourselves.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. I mean, I think that there's a lot been talked about relative to that from a couple of other companies and we have -- quite frankly, I've been scratching our head a little bit about the scenario that has been talked about. But nonetheless, and one of your premises there was that 40, might last longer because of this. I don't view any of the conversation with 28-nanometer suggesting it's including long-term capacity constraints or whatever. I'm certainly not thinking that, and we are very strongly supportive of growing our 28-nanometer as fast as possible. It's just -- again what we've been talking about has been our strength. So I think Moshe characterized it right. I mean, we've got some differences of what process we're using. It has different characteristics to it and maybe that has something to do with it. And we were very early with lots of tape-outs, and so I think we have a very broad portfolio that's been sampled and that may have helped us put some level of a number of wafers through the system, et cetera. I don't know because we've been at this with a lot of different parts for quite a few quarters now.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can I just ask as a follow-up, if I look at the quarter-on-quarter progression, I think someone else said that there have been gaps between yourself and your primary competitor. Obviously, this quarter's gap noticeable and I think if you normalized their results for some changes at the end of the quarter, you're gaining share this quarter and next. Is there any -- can you help us figure out where that share gain is coming from, from an end market perspective and also maybe from a geographic perspective if you can do that?
Jon A. Olson: Well, I think wireless is clearly one of those distinctions because the China market has not really been strong from a TD perspective. And that might be where we're weaker on a market share basis in the wideband CDMA portion of 3G and then LTE, where we have tremendous strength. So I think you're seeing a technology -- a manufacturer and technology gains going on that favor us quite a bit. And I think that's -- in the wireless space, I think that is what's -- the biggest differential is who we're partnering with the closest and what geographies that those customers are serving and where the strengths are right now on the wireless capital spend space. So we feel that, that's part of our driver. I don't -- I cannot explain the industrial side. We've seen extremely strong growth there. As I said very broadly, our customers are doing well. We've got parts for them. So I don't -- I don't know why we would have a different characteristics than our competitor. But we do, apparently. And geographically on the industrial side, all geographies grew for us there. So we had -- again, worldwide strength, not just one geography or one subsegment in one geography, et cetera. So the recoveries here and next quarter is the second -- the second quarter of it and we're moving along.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Digging a little bit deeper into the wireless 4G solutions that you talked about, are you gaining access in new content on these 4G LTE base stations or is it basically more of the same functions?
Jon A. Olson: Oh, no, we've been progressively increasing content so 3G to LTE is kind of a 2x factor for us in terms of penetration. So when we're off selling parts that end up in the LTE space, we end up selling a lot of parts. So to the extent that the CapEx, worldwide CapEx, spending in wireless is favoring the most advanced technology that favors PLDs, frankly. So that's helped us a lot.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: We've got the trend now for 3 generations. So with each generation of product, the amount of FPGAs used or the percentage of the system, which is implemented in the FPGA has grown significantly consistently and we see that continuing for a whole host of reasons.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right. So Moshe, if I look at the architecture, are you going closer to the edge of the network? Or the content increase is more in the core perhaps?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: It's primarily in the core and there's a huge deficit in terms of wireless infrastructure which is getting aggravated by this huge growth on the smartphone market, where the demands are just unbelievable. And this is well documented. There's a huge issue there. And it requires these upgrade to this new standard because the usage model is now totally different. So we see that continuing, and when we talk to our key customers in each of these areas, they don't see it slowing down. If anything, they see it accelerating generation-on-generation right now. Obviously, there are pricing pressures, et cetera, but it -- in terms of a need, that umbrella need is growing for what we call insatiable, intelligent bandwidths. And the intelligent in the wireless side comes from the smartphones.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And one of the biggest concerns that's been voiced about you guys was about the single architecture in 28-nanometers. You already got traction. Seems like you're getting good traction. How would you debunk or -- how are customers embracing your 28-nanometers and whether that issue which was brought up with single architecture versus designing for the low mid-high, I mean is that -- do you think it's...
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes, so we obviously did a terrible job in explaining what we're doing. So we -- it's true we have a single manufacturing process. That's absolutely true, which is HPL. We think that, that was at the core of the success because it's actually a high-performance, yet low-power process. So it actually enables us to span the product families. Now what we have is a scalable, optimized architecture with -- at the high-end, it's optimized for performance. In the midrange, it's -- which is Kintex, it absolutely has an unbelievably well-matched performance power footprint, which we believe is a huge differentiator vis-à-vis what the competition has, which use LP process there and typically, does not have enough performance. At the low end, the -- it was optimized for a lowest power and the lowest cost, and the fact -- they are fixing that. I can tell you that if there's one decision that not only would I never change but I -- if I could have done it on the 40- and 45-nanometer node, this is the decision. Right? And so if it -- if we have failed to explain the benefits of it, shame on us. But the customers are thrilled with it, and if you look at the product definition and what the customers can achieve, at the high-end, it's higher performance and higher capacity than the competition and higher bandwidth. In the midrange, it absolutely hits that performance power cost trade-off, which is not easy to achieve. But we think we've hit it and we think that the competition missed in a big way there. And at the low end, we've already rolled out the Zynq offering, which shows the Artix fabric, and the results are great, it's functional and part of our fast rollout and being first to market with the breadth of product is due to having the same manufacturing process but having highly differentiated [Audio Gap]  so if we failed to explain that they are optimized for the 3 points, we did a great injustice. But they are optimized, and if you go to the customers, just ask them what they see. We have the highest performance, we have the best trade-off in the middle, and we also have a low-cost, low-power version, which we think is second to none. So we're delighted with where we are. And again, I would never -- not change this and you can guess that to the extent that these options are available in the future, we're very likely to go the same way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I apologize for the technical difficulty earlier. Just a couple of questions. Jon, if I've got -- remember my numbers correctly from the Analyst Day earlier in the year, you guys kind of talked about growth rates by segments and I think you mentioned industrial is kind of being a 6% longer-term grower. And I guess my question is given that industrial is now is effectively flat with the kind of the peak you saw back in June '11, that is holding up a lot better than the rest of the business, do we have to rethink kind of the longer-term growth opportunity in that market? And if it is a better grower, what are the margin implications? And then I have a follow-up for Moshe.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so John, yes. What we have to be a little careful about in having one new data point from the Analyst Day and then try to extrapolate it. So I agree with you that industrial is -- has been stronger. But remember, some of this growth has been inventory replenishment. So that's got some part to do that -- to do with that. And I think our statement around the industrial growth rates during that time frame was one of the areas we were confident that we're going to grow quite a bit on, is with our Zynq product it's just going to take a while for that to kick in and have more significant growth. And the industrial category just take a longer time period. So I'm very bullish on the industrial over the long haul, it's just that we modified the industrial category a little bit, and I think it was mostly because of where we thought the defense spending was going more than anything else, and not the broad-based industrial and scientific and medical area.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And, Jon, to the extent that, that does grow faster, do you think that margin accretive or is too difficult to tell given the mix?
Jon A. Olson: It's generally margin accretive but to the extent we might be putting -- pitting Zynq against ASSPs, it's not clear yet to us.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then -- Moshe, just quickly, on 28-nanometer, just given the absolute dollar amount, it's kind of meaningless to talk about end market breakdown today. But if you think about design activity and which end markets are doing the most activity there, if you think about a 4-quarter aggregate number, how do we think about 28 by end market?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So the fastest out of the shoot is wireless, and that's why we chose to focus on Kintex because truthfully, we did not have the best solution in the previous generation, and we let the competition win more than we did at wireless in the previous generation of products. Now we expect to reverse that with a vengeance. And there's a lot of designs in there out the chute, really fast and that Kintex is the perfect solution for the wireless market. Then what we're seeing and we -- is now wired comms, in the -- all of the high-end, the prototyping market just benefiting from the higher capacity and higher throughput that there is on our Virtex 7 product as opposed to the competing product. And it is true that we started a little later there, but now that, that's moving ahead for us, we expect to not only catch-up but actually have a very significant lead in terms of market share over time on that. We just have higher capacity, have higher serial throughput. We actually have significantly lower power on the high-end, and that's where HPL is a major benefit. And so that should be the second out the chute and Zynq is obviously, starting that tends to be more markets like automotive and industrial that move little more slowly but the design wins are accumulating at a huge rate there, and we're very pleased with that. And then Artix will follow. Artix is -- there's elements which are targeted at some higher volume consumer-type applications, but it also has a whole host of other markets which will be addressed there. So that's sort of how we see the sequence and, to some extent, where the $10 million which were well underway to delivering this quarter is a function of all of those.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Looking at your base product revenue of 21% in the quarter, that's the type of increase that's typically unsustainable. How much of this is just the result of inventory replenishment because of the shipping in previous quarters and then how should we look at this going forward?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, Tristan, so it was up 21% or $24 million in terms of the quantification because I just want to make sure that the percentage increase doesn't overweigh the fact that the increase was $24 million on our base of $559 million. And of that 24% increase, there was an increase in our last time buy category or products, which are reflected in the base, so about $18 million. So the remaining increase was related to defense programs, spending primarily as some of the legacy programs continue to take parts over time. So that, that is an up-and-down thing depending on when those programs decide to take part. So we don't believe the base is sustainable at an increasing -- in fact, they'll be fewer last time buy parts being sold next quarter and then in the September quarter, the last time buy program will be essentially over in that point. So I think base returns back to its normal decline by the September quarter.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And was there any unusual pricing in the quarter relative to some of your turns business?
Jon A. Olson: I'm not sure what's behind that question, but no, I mean, we don't have any spot pricing kinds of things that happen in those situations. If you look at our ASP trends, they were pretty normal and as expected. So I don't think there was anything there. I'm not really sure what you're asking, but I hope I answered it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was hoping to ask a market share question. If I look at your share versus Altera back at the trough in Q4 '10, and the guide for Q2, it was roughly about 500 bps uplift or around $50 million per quarter in terms of gains. And so curious on that, what percentage do you think is sustainable versus what do you think is more lumpy like defense or and/or end-of-life benefit?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So there's quite a few elements, and that's a difficult question to answer. But end-of-life is something which is not a onetime event. It's part of the normal modus operandi in the semiconductor business. It tends to be challenging on the FPGA side because our product have very long product life cycles and the customers are in slow-moving markets. So we have a strategy which has a minimum of 12 years, and these end-of-lifes are actually at that point or are well beyond that. But it's something which is a sustainable part of the business. It's not a onetime event. It's not like taking a big ASIC deal at lower margin. It's sort of something which is really repeatable for us and we just sort of do that. And we have it mapped out and on our website, we actually have projections as to when to expect it going forward. So don't want you to sort of assume that there's some sleight-of-hand here. This is repeatable business going forward, and it's the way -- no, it's just due to the mismatch between fabs not having infinite lifetime at a given process node and our customers' requirement. And -- so that's the one element. The second element really, it's sort of difficult to look back and understand and to some extent, we're looking forward. And the reason for our bullishness is the strength of the 28-nanometer product portfolio. So there's 2 things we said. We believe that we're going to, over time, grow our market share at the 40-, 45-nanometer node, going forward to 50%. And obviously this quarter is a big leap from the mid-30s into the mid-40s, something like that. And the reason that we're positive on that is we have a broader product offering, which is now catching on. We definitely were later, and we paid the price for that. And -- but you're now catching up and a lot of that is the spot-and-fixed product, which basically -- we're there and to the best of our knowledge, there's no one with a significant FPGA low-end portfolio at the 45-nanometer. And that helps a whole host of markets, and that will help us over time grow between Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 that we continue to be -- to expect that to grow to 50%, as those products are now moving into production. Having said all of that, the real exciting thing is the 28-nanometer, the quality of the product offering, its position. And that -- if you look at the markets that have the biggest benefit there, as I mentioned before, short-term, it's wireless. But then, wired at the high-end and actually eating into the ASIC and ASSP market is starting to happen in spades. That's why we made the comment that on the communication space, as we look at our design wins, about 50% of them are actually in competition with ASIC, and in some cases, ASSP products. And the reason that we're seeing that is those are becoming hideously expensive either for companies to design as ASICs or for ASSP companies to continue their roadmaps. So there is this inevitable exit in terms of wired communications. And if you look back as recently as 10 years ago, there are probably more than 90 companies in that space that has dropped to around 20 companies in that space. And even they're struggling except for the very big one, to provide forward-looking roadmaps. And that's, that's what the 28-nanometer enables us to address. So you asked a very large question, and I don't want to spend everyone's time here. But I would say that those are the major effects.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Very helpful. I really appreciate it, Moshe. And, Jon, as a quick follow-up, cash -- net cash has grown out to A+ dollars. Curious how you think about dividends, stock buyback and what kind of cash level you really need to run the business.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so clearly, I think you see pretty broadly across many of the technology companies that cash has been growing and with the market being relatively hot there's probably some more reticence to do share repurchases than not. We've got our model that we do share purchases on in terms of strike prices and other ways of looking at it. We didn't repurchase any shares this last quarter but we're obviously, committed to purchase -- repurchase shares and we will adjust our model over time to do that. So I think you can count on us being in the market and repurchasing shares from time to time. And we are still very committed to growing the dividend on an annual basis on which we increased 16% growth in our dividend that we just announced for this current quarter. So it is -- it is definitely an issue, I know all in your minds and we're -- we continue to look at it.
Operator: Our next question comes our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a question on the long-term R&D intensity for Xilinx. I think you had the 2 successive years of very high spending outpacing sales growth. And it's not just for Xilinx. I think it's for all the lenders. The cost and complexity is growing and I think the 20-nanometer transition, even though it's a few years again it's probably going to be more expensive. How do you look at the R&D trajectory from there? How do you manage it? How do you get more leverage in the model?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So the way we look at it is we have a target and obviously, we're slightly above the target. In reality, that being slightly above is not due to overspending. There was expectation of revenue growth and since the market was a little soft, we tend to hit the high -- the top end numbers. But as we looked at it, we said okay, what do we do now? And we feel that the right thing to do is to exploit the very significant substantial edge we have on 28-nanometer because it's going to be a huge node for us. We have leadership in numerous aspects, now we have leadership on the software side too, which has the broadest applicability and that has the highest lever on growth, right? So we are big believers in that. Having said that, we're not taking that out of control. So we've given absolute numbers that we fully intend to respect and to live within those limitations. From generation to generation, we're actually becoming a lot more efficient and effective. What is happening is that the tape-out costs and the mass costs are going up significantly. And so when those happen en masse, as were they are happening now, as we're driving the products out so we can benefit from our portfolio, it generates a bit of an artificial bulge on our R&D costs. But the expectation is that, that will go down somewhat. If you look at our projected investment over the 2 years, it is where we said it would be. It's -- it was a little lower last fiscal year and it'll be a little higher this fiscal year than we had expected. But overall, the total number is actually less than we had urgently projected. And as we're working full steam on the 20-nanometer, we're just being a whole lot more effective and the design -- the products are being defined and hopefully designed in a way which should enable us to resume at that at that level. And it requires a lot more ingenuity and fiscal control and we're committed to doing that. So the question is valid one, and the answer is a lot of hard work in order to keep doing that. We don't intend to blow through with the numbers even though each product is more difficult and the mass cost for sure is significantly higher.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And perhaps more just something related and revisiting this issue of 28-nanometer availability. Obviously, this year is not as big for you guys from a revenue perspective on 28-nanometer. But as demand grows for 28-nanometer, are you looking at alternative supply sources just from a risk management perspective?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: If you were at the -- TSMC forum, they made it very clear that the worst is behind us at this point in time and they're continuing to invest and to bring up their capacity at 28 nanometers. So there -- our expectation is that, that will get resolved and actually, to a large extent, has been resolved from our perspective at this point. So now we have -- we're thrilled with our relationship with TSMC, and we continue to believe that, that was a great decision at 28.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Yes, I was wondering if you could help us with our -- I had a couple of questions. One was mix and then another was on the last time buy. On the mix, could you share just what the dollar value of your 28-nanometer product was? And I was also curious what your mix in the March quarter was of defense and wireless comm?
Jon A. Olson: So no, we're not -- we haven't -- did not or not providing our 28-nanometer number. Revenue in the quarter more than doubled from the previous quarter and it's on track towards our -- hitting $10 million milestone that we have been talking about for a couple of quarters, which will happen in the June quarter. So the defense business did grow quarter-to-quarter. And traditionally, it's been in the neighborhood of 15% of our total revenue and it's still in that about that same level, maybe a tad more. And I'm sorry I missed the other mix question.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: The wireless infrastructure as a percent of sales?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, wireless has been bouncing around a lot in -- the last time we gave a number, it was 25% but then there was a big cycle that went on, so it went down below 20% and it's moving its way back towards 25%, but still far away -- it's still, pretty -- got to ways to go there.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then on the last time program buys, it sounds like this was a -- or you stated it was a normal part of your business but is there something unusual about what's happening with the $18 million that you're calling it out and is it the case that the remainder of it will completely fall off by September? Or is it something that will kind of inch down over the course of the year?
Jon A. Olson: No, we called it out because it is a significant -- it was a contribution where to the revenue growth, where -- there was a concentration, and I'll say, an abnormal increase in that category of products and base. And we thought it was important to call it out. And it will go down some in the June quarter and then totally fall off from that class of products. It's a very old, old products that we have in September. And so we've been running mid-single-digit percentage of that class of product, and it will -- like I said, it will decrease a little bit in September, and then -- excuse me, in June, it will drop off totally in September.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time and 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal year '13 will be Wednesday, July 18, after the market close. This quarter, we will be presenting at the Jefferies 2012 Global TMT Conference in New York City on May 7, and the William Blair Annual Growth Stock Conference in Chicago on June 12. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-01-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Rick Muscha -  Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the December quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available, and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. Xilinx sales were $511.1 million in the December quarter, a decrease of 8% sequentially and 10% on a year-over-year basis. This was slightly better than the revised guidance we provided on December 19, due primarily to increased business from large communication customers in Asia-Pacific and North America during the last 2 weeks of the quarter. Gross margin was 65.8%, up from 63.9% in the prior quarter and better than anticipated, driven primarily by favorable customer mix and continued overall cost reduction. Operating expenses were $199 million, flat with the prior quarter and a little less than guided, primarily due to lower variable expenses associated with lower revenue and increased attention to fiscal discipline. Operating margin was 26.8% for the quarter. New product sales decreased 13% sequentially and increased 5% on a year-over-year basis. Virtex-6, Spartan-6 and our 28-nanometer product families all posted solid sales growth during the quarter. The new product category, however, was impacted by declines from our Virtex-5 customers in the wireless segment. Mainstream products declined 1% sequentially, and base products were flat.  Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. In the face of a continued weak wireless demand environment, communication sales declined 10% sequentially, more than we were anticipating heading into the quarter. Wired communications, on the other hand, increased during the quarter with particular strength from enterprise networking.  The industrial and other category was down, as expected, with sales decreasing 7% sequentially, driven by industrial, scientific and medical and test and measurement applications. Consumer and automotive sales were weaker than anticipated during the quarter, driven by declines from audio/video broadcast, consumer and automotive applications. Data processing sales were approximately flat. Net income for the quarter was $127 million or $0.47 per diluted share. Other income and expense was a net expense of $7.2 million. Third quarter net income included a tax benefit of $15.3 million or $0.06 per diluted share related to one-time items, including the lapse of the statute of limitations with respect to certain previously unrecognized tax positions. Operating cash flow for the September quarter was $181 million before $19 million in CapEx. For the past 4 quarters, cash generation from operations was $863 million, a new company record. We paid $50 million in cash dividends and repurchased 1.1 million shares of stock during the quarter for $32.5 million. The tax rate in the December quarter was 2%. Diluted shares for the quarter were 268 million. There was a 2.5 million share dilutive effect from our convertible notes due to an increase in the average stock price during the quarter. For questions relating to the dilution associated with our convertibles, please visit our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $95 million to approximately $3.0 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $1.7 billion. Days sales outstanding increased 3 days in December quarter to 38 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx declined by $2.2 million sequentially during the quarter. Combined inventory days, both at Xilinx and distribution were 142 days, up from 126 days in the prior quarter. In the March quarter, we expect both dollars and days of inventory to decline significantly as we realign our supply with the demand trends. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the March quarter of fiscal year '12. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up sequentially. We are expecting strong growth from our 28-nanometer and 40-nanometer product families. From an end-market perspective, we are expecting sales from communications to be up slightly sequentially, with wireless up modestly after a weak December quarter and wireline sales approximately flat. We expect industrial and other sales to increase as normal spending patterns return to many of our customers following 2 quarters of inventory drain. Additionally, we are expecting defense sales to increase during the quarter, driven in part by last time buy activity, but more significantly by the commencement of a large program. Consumer sales are expected to be approximately flat, and data processing sales are expected to decrease sequentially. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be up 2% to up 6% sequentially, with sales from Europe expected to increase, sales from Asia-Pacific expected to decrease and sales from North America and Japan to be approximately flat. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 55%. Gross margin is expected to be between 64% and 65% as we absorb new product ramp costs and customer mix returns to normal historical levels. Operating expenses in the March quarter are expected to be approximately $207 million, including approximately $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. The majority of the growth in spending compared with the December quarter is in R&D and related to the 28-nanometer ramp as our tape-out activity remains high. There's also some growth in SG&A related primarily to variable spending increases as result of higher revenue and growth in some key marketing and sales programs. The full year spending number is approximately $810 million, lower than our previous estimate of $820 million to $830 million. We will provide fiscal year 2013 guidance at our upcoming Analyst Meeting on February 15 in San Francisco. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $10 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 270 million shares, and the tax rate is expected to be approximately 14%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. While we obviously have not been immune to the weakness in the current economic environment, I am pleased with the nearly 20% combined sequential growth from our Virtex-6 40-nanometer and Spartan-6 45-nanometer families. Virtex-6, in particular, experienced very strong growth from wired comms and storage applications. We expect these families to show continued growth in the March quarter based on the beginning backlog and customer forecasts. As we begin 2012, I've grown ever more confident about the competitiveness and customer value of our next-generation 28-nanometer product portfolio. This is because our top customers around the world are consistently telling us we're delivering indisputable leadership in terms of 28-nanometer technology. I'm extremely pleased with the execution of the 28-nanometer rollout, which is without question the most aggressive and complete new product rollout in our history. We have now delivered more than 10 tape-outs and are confident, by the middle of this year, to be sampling members from our entire 28-nanometer family. Additionally, the industry's first 28-nanometer product, the Kintex-7 K325T, recently passed rigorous qualification criteria, would release for production shipments, as planned, in the June quarter. 28-nanometer success would not have been achieved without our exemplary technology partnership and collaboration with TSMC. TSMC's fully qualified HPL process optimized for both performance and power has provided us significant time-to-market advantage and is providing yields that are in line with our aggressive roadmap and better than what we had experienced in previous generations. This past quarter, we achieved 2 very significant 28-nanometer milestones. First, we began shipping the industry's first extensible processing platform, the Zynq-7000 device. This family enables a new level of hardware-software systems integration with a complete ARM Cortex processing subsystem and low-power programmable logic. With a very significant time-to-market advantage over the competition, design wins already totaling well over $100 million, this new class of product is creating an unprecedented level of excitement value in our customer base. We also began shipping the first device from our SSIT, Stacked Silicon Interconnect Technology family. The Virtex-7 2000T device is the industry's highest capacity programmable logic device, with 2 million logic sales, delivering twice or more of the capacity of competitive devices through single-chip FPGA integration. This innovation is absolutely game changing, conservatively providing us with at least a 2-year time-to-market advantage. Design win momentum has been exceptionally strong with over 30 wins valued at more than $100 million. Our only challenge at this point is our ability to more quickly ramp supply to meet all of the demand for this product. We're very actively working through all constraints and are confident that we'll be able to align our supply with the demand for this product line. We now have four of the five 28-nanometer product family shipping in the market. The Zynq and Stacked Silicon Interconnect initial shipments were preceded by the shipment of key Kintex-7 and Virtex-7, both mid- and high-end family members. With 28-nanometer design wins now totaling nearly 350 and well over $1 billion in terms of design win value, we have approximately 90 discrete customers currently designing in members of the 28-nanometer product family, demonstrating the broad-based acceptance of it. In the March quarter, we are anticipating continued strong sales growth and by the June quarter, expect to comfortably exceed $10 million quarterly sales for this family. Finally, after reviewing input from over 120 customers on our 28-nanometer leadership position, I can tell you that in my more than 30 years in the high tech industry, I have never seen a single product generation which has the level and breadth of customer impact as our existing 28-nanometer portfolio. I look forward to providing you with an update on our 28-nanometer momentum at our annual Analyst Meeting, which is scheduled February 15 in San Francisco. Let me turn -- let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering on the wireless communication side, could you talk a little bit about the visibility you're seeing in terms of your customer programs there? It sounds like you're expecting that to increase slightly in the March quarter. When do you think that might bounce back more materially? And are you seeing that bounce back happening more in the 2G, 3G or 4G areas?
Jon A. Olson: Jim, this is Jon. The visibility on wireless is really not very good for us. And while we still have, I would say, a reasonable level of business broadly across older generation technology, the uptake, particularly in North America, has been much weaker than the trend has been over the last 4 quarters. And then I think it's also pretty widely known that the next wave in China has yet to materialize in the same way that's being talked about. So we're kind of, in some respects, we're in a bit of a holding pattern waiting because the information we're getting from our customers doesn't really give us a precise quarter that they think the capital spend is going to start increasing at all those various providers. So it would be premature for me to speculate on when that might be. I still strongly believe it's just a matter of when, not if, just because of the strong need for bandwidth and the move towards LTE more globally, where we have an extremely strong position. So I'm not being very helpful, I know, relative to telling you exactly which quarter, but we think it is coming.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then maybe as a follow-up, I'll ask you maybe a similar thing on the wireline side. It sounds like that really hasn't even bounced back cyclically at all at this point, and we heard anecdotally from a lot of carriers that they were postponing a bunch of new wireline programs into sometime in 2012. Any more visibility on -- I know you have limited visibility across the board, but do you think that wireline comes back later than wireless when it does?
Jon A. Olson: I don't know exactly what specific programs you're referring to but -- and if you can tell, I probably couldn't give you specific customer data anyway. But we've seen a recent, I'll say, mini-surge off a low inventory point at several key customers. And so we're trying to read that ourselves to figure out whether it's an inventory replenishment above all others or it's got more legs. I think if you listen to the network guys, what they're saying, it's a little patchy as to whether they're highly confident or less confident going forward. So I think we're still in choppy waters there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Moshe, let me just follow by asking you about some of the comments you made on 28-nanometers. First of all, congratulations on the very strong design wins. But can you help me understand your 28-nanometer design wins today compare that with 40. And over the next year, my assumption is that 40 will still be the main revenue driver even though 28 design activities going on. Where do you see your 40-nanometer market share versus 28? And how do you see the growth of 28 ramping between now and, say, the end of 2012?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So let me first talk about 28. We have an extremely broad product line at 28, 5 distinct families: Altix, Kintex, Virtex, SSIT, which is a high-end and unparalleled in terms of density so it actually opens up a new market for us, and then there's the Zynq product line, which again is -- opens up a whole new set of market. When we look at our competitive position, our expectation is that we will have 70% of the market at least, and that's based on the fact that in 2 of the 5 areas, there is no competition now, and we expect that competition to take a long time to come. And on the other 3 areas, we actually feel we have an incredibly strong hand. Now in terms of how quickly we expect it to come out of the gate, it is coming out very quickly, much faster than the previous 2 generations of product. And because the yields are also very high and the demand is there because it either can enable capabilities that aren't possible with the previous generation of technology or if they are possible, then it's a lower power point and over time, a lower cost point, we expect that to grow at a very fast rate. So if you look at Virtex-5, which was our previous generation, a previous more successful generation, then that took 3 to 5 years to reach its peak. Here, we expect that the peak A will be much higher because it opens up significant new markets, and we actually feel that we have a much better competitive hand. So we would expect, as we indicated, $10 million or more in what is the April, May, June quarter, and we expect it to grow rapidly from that point forward. So we aren't giving predictions, but that's much faster than we've seen previous generations of product. The 40-nanometer and 45-nanometer, we clearly came out later than the competition. Our strength there is driven by the fact that we have a low-end product in the 45 and that is doing well. Overall, our goal on the 40 and 45 is to close in, over time, on 50% market share. We're clearly not there now, and it's going to take us some time to get to that point. But in parallel, we expect the 28-nanometer to totally flip the way the market share has grown over the past few years and enable us to win back significant market share. When that will become extremely visible? It becomes visible when the 28-nanometer moves into significant volume. If you look at the numbers, given that we're -- the market in of itself is between $4 billion to $5 billion now, then it requires more than $10 million per quarter to make a significant dent there. But at the rate that it's growing, by the end of the year, this should be very visible.
Jon A. Olson: I'd like to add one more thing. When we looked at this last of how we're doing versus the ramp on 40-nanometer, it actually wasn't this quarter. It was a quarter ago when we talked about having accreted $600 million of the design wins. We were 60% ahead of where we were on -- we were on 28 versus where we were at 40. And I actually didn't have a look at it at the end of this quarter, it could even be a bigger percentage. We'll try to give a little bit more information about that at the Analyst Day.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can I just ask you one question? Of the $10 million revenue you have now, how much of that is the SSIT product? Because from the numbers you provided, Moshe, it is a very high ASP product, and I don't know whether that is something that could be a sustained growth beyond the accumulation phase. So I'm not sure how to think about the sustainability, what the mix of that is and what the sustainability of the SSIT product would be.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes, so the projection we made for $10 million is in the April through June quarter, and that does not require a huge amount of SSIT revenue. And so you shouldn't assume that SSIT is necessarily a huge percentage of that. And the reason that we believe that it has longevity is that if you look at the capabilities there, there's no way to get to those capabilities unless you design a high-end ASIC, which obviously is becoming less and less viable. So we actually are seeing 2 -- no, sorry, 3 very large markets using it, one is prototyping and you can say that's the one which tends to surge and then decline, but the 2 which have longevity are the wired communications, where it replaces ASIC and the Mil/Aero where there's a huge demand for very high-end devices. And both of those, obviously wired communications happens at a faster rate typically than the military market, but both of those tend to have long life cycles.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. I also want to point out a couple of other things about the SSIT family, is that we have more than one member of that family, there's 3 members. And some of those members have a very high capability and total bandwidth for transceivers as well. And so this will get used a lot in communications design. So as those get taped out and through the sampling phase, et cetera, we think there's going to be a lot of legs in this particular family.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just on gross margin, guys. You guys have done a really good job in committing to the Street and then executing on that. I was just curious, despite the big comp customers coming back, you had a slight upside. How should we think about margins? What are the puts and takes around the 64%, 65% target that you guys have set? And then a quick follow-up, on inventory, Jon, is this a continued buildup from the end-of-line legacy that caused the total inventory to go up in the last quarter as well?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So on the gross margin, Ambrish, it spiked up in part by, we talked about customer mix, which essentially means we had a lower percentage contribution from large communications customers. And that had an impact of somewhere less than a point, but in that general neighborhood. So that brings us back down into more in the normal range that we have. And then as we tape out, we have many, many tape-outs going on right now, all going on at various stages in parallel, and that causes us to produce units that engineering has to test, et cetera, and some of those are salable, some of those aren't. So some of those things end up impacting our margin, but we've been able to hold ourselves at least within our model even to the start-up phase. So those are some of the bigger impacts. One other impact is that as we are cutting wafers pretty significantly, we have been the last 2 quarters, and that will kind of, I'll say, overrun our revenue decline now and therefore we'll see a precipitous drop in inventory dollars next quarter. And that has some high costs falling out that had some downward pressure to our gross margins and puts us in that 64% to 65% range. So those are the factors. So I would expect as we continue to have the ramp and get rid of the start-up costs, I suspect that we'll have, out in time, upward pressure going on in the gross margin number. We're kind of at a low point, if you will, at this point in time. From an inventory perspective, look, as you know, dollars went down very slightly, but let's say inventory was flat and days just shot up, and that's just a function of the arithmetic because revenue is down, and you use the cost of sales number to create the days number, so it was in absolute dollar, a lower number than in previous quarters. So days happened to shoot up even though inventory dollars really didn't go up. There is some of the last time buy inventory that is in there. It stays relatively constant for the next few quarters, just like our last time buy revenue will stay relatively constant for the next several quarters, so we're not seeing any real revenue blips because of last time buy or any significant declines in revenue coming because of the last time buy. It just takes a -- we've had to build so much of it because of the fab line that's being discontinued. We're just trying to manage that to a flat dollar level over the next 4 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with BoA Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm trying to compare your current visibility versus how it was, I think, in December or so when you gave your outlook. What end markets are you more confident about now? What end markets are still sort of uncertain? Where I'm going with that is your March guidance is suddenly getting closer to normal seasonality, but I'm still sensing some uncertainty in your comments about end markets. I'm just trying to read the lines here on what the underlying turns are? What end markets do you like, what are still sort of uncertain right now?
Jon A. Olson: I gave some comments earlier about the communications market. I think by our tone in the words, you'd probably come to conclusion that we think wireless has bottomed out for us, and we're -- now we're kind of waiting for whether there's additional CapEx spends by our customer's customer or not, even though we do see some modest increases going on there. And in the wireless segment, still choppy, not easy to predict where that's going or where the IT spend is really going to go or where the cable and satellite provider spend is really going to go. So I would say there, it's not really whether we like it or we don't like that. I'd say that the confidence level is -- we feel like we're pretty close to bouncing on the bottom, and we're not really sure when things are going to, I'll say, more fully recover to where they were 3 or 4 quarters ago. Almost the same statement on industrial and other. We do feel that that's more of an inventory drain situation, and that people have corrected their inventory and we're seeing a lot more orders coming. One of the reasons that revenue was a little higher than we thought, both primarily communications customers, but distribution also ended up being stronger in December than we had anticipated. Overall, we've pretty much counted on the last week or 2 to be very sparse with factories being closed because people didn't have a need to build stuff so they gave time off, and that was some of the word that we were getting through distribution. But then that actually didn't happen in the same way that we had anticipated. So a lot of our industrial customers come through our distribution networks, so that gives me a very positive feeling around. Again, we feel like we've reached the bottom on industrial. When is it going to come back? Consumer typically a little weaker in the March quarter anyway, so that's pretty much in data processing. That doesn't move the needle one way or the other that much for us. So I hope that's helpful.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Very helpful. And just a follow-up clarification and a question. What was the 40-nanometer as percentage of sales mix? And then the bigger question is very impressive design wins at 28-nanometer. I'm curious; when do you expect that to be, I don't know, say, take 10% of industry sales? Is it more a 2013 or 2014 time frame?
Jon A. Olson: I'll deal with the second one first. So the 28-nanometer design wins are a myriad of end markets, end customers in various stages of rolling out their products. So you can't really project the size of the ramp, if you will, or the speed of the ramp. But because we have so many different customers and so many designs, just our experience is that ramp is going to manifest itself faster than we've seen in the last couple of generations. So in some respects, we're going on some very specific information from specific customers. In other respects, where it's a very broad set of customers, we're kind of going on the way trends have worked in the past. So again, we try to give the best information we have, not overcommit on things and we think we've given you a pretty fair statement on that. Your question on 40-nanometer was around percent of sales. We really did not provide that this quarter. I don't think we're going to provide that number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question, and I realize visibility is somewhat limited here, but curious how you see the shape of the cycle off of the trough here?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. I'll give you my two cents. I don't know if Moshe has anything to add to that. But having lived through some of these before and see that there's certainly some end markets here where this is more -- it's a demand driven in addition to inventory correction, I view this generally as kind of a slow movement off the bottom over the next couple of quarters and then a better second half. But that's just an experiential thing, I don't think we have any data that necessarily supports that, because I think we look at the same reports that you guys do.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. And as a quick -- sorry, go ahead.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: My prospective, this is Moshe here, is that the one market which unquestionably is on fire relates to the smartphones. And if you look at what is happening there and the demands that they're putting on the underlying infrastructure, at a minimum, as those -- when people are moving away even in emerging markets and lower-cost markets, they're moving away from what I call feature phones, these smartphones. These phones generate huge, huge, huge bandwidth demands and as such, definitely, the systems need to be upgraded to support those. So on communications, both in particular, wireless communications infrastructure, coming back to Jon's comment at the very beginning, that can't continue. It has to be upgraded; otherwise, people will revolt against the fact that their phones, while flashy, can't be used for anything. And it's a huge business opportunity, and I'm very convinced that that's a question, as Jon put it, of when as opposed to will it happen. It definitely needs to happen soon. And we're seeing similar trends in other markets, which has similar characteristics but maybe they're not as visible because it's not driven by consumer smartphones which everyone knows about. So the other thing I'm hearing is in the whole host of ecosystem plays, there's been a huge bounce back from a very significant trough to now everyone building up to support the imminent requirements. And so I feel that good things are happening and timing might still be a question mark but just generally, I'm very bullish about the secular trends which are driving all of these needs.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's very helpful. And if I could just ask a quick follow-up. When you think about 28-nanometer growing as a percentage of your mix, I'm curious, given the increased capital intensity at the foundries growing roughly 50%, we're in the move from 4x to 28-nanometer, what impact that will have on your gross margin? So how should we think about that? I know it's down the road a bit, but we'd love to hear your thoughts there.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, every generation becomes significantly more expensive and 28-nanometer, vis-a-vis 20, if you just look at the wafer prices, there's no doubt that they're going up there, there's less suppliers and the equipment is more expensive and the number of customers who are driving at the leading edge is much smaller so as a result, you don't see the normal, more slow, that's one trend. The other -- on the other side, to balance that, there's huge amount of engineering, which is being put in place in the product design, in the product design for manufacturability and in the operations flow, which makes us very confident that we can, to some extent, compensate for those. So in terms of margins long term, we're shooting for the same margins, and in the short term, as Jon mentioned, we're actually being able to absorb this new technology, which is a lot more expensive for us, better than we have before, a lot of it due to these elements plus obviously, there's the higher yields we're seeing, which are helping out. So we're not, at this point at 28, expecting negative impact on margins for our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So you guys are guiding -- if I look at the numbers, kind of in line with what I would view as normal seasonal for the first quarter. I wonder if -- I guess just some questions about the relative expectations for the year. And 3 things: One, do you think normal seasonal is a pattern that is sort of the benchmark you're going to use for the rest of the year? Two, do you think that your business will outgrow the overall chip market? And thirdly, do you think that you should outgrow the end markets because you'll benefit from an inventory replenishment on top of just demand growth?
Jon A. Olson: So, no, even though it does appear March is in much seasonal line with this, I'm not sure I feel like we're -- the whole year ends up being seasonal, because I think there's some recovery that comes on this year, and so that kind of wipes out the seasonal -- the underlying seasonal activity that would normally go on end market-by-end market. So I don't see that seasonal affect naturally holding on this year. So I guess maybe I'm a little more bullish this year than maybe what seasonal or 5-year trends would say -- averages would say for us. I do think we are going to outgrow the rest of the semiconductor industry. I think we've been saying that for some time, I still believe that. We tend to talk about this in longer-term CAGRs, so any given year could look one way but we do think on the whole, it will be better. And then the intensity we have in terms of penetration at our large customers is growing, and the breadth of our new technology is helping us get there just as Moshe talked about today. So I guess that's a no, yes, yes.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then let me ask you a question just by bringing it closer to now, I suppose. Can you just talk a little bit about how your order patterns looked as you exited the year, and then how that may have changed, if at all, in January? And then you talk about sort of an uncertainty as to whether or not this will stick. I just wonder what are the kind of things you'll be looking for from your customers. What do you need to hear from them to give you confidence this is a recovery or it's not?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so the order patterns, again, we left -- we ended the quarter stronger than we thought. We ended with backlog higher than we entered the previous quarter. So these were all things that we viewed as very positive signs, and we were probably a little more bearish during the December month than we should have been, obviously. And so I think we -- we're bolstered by what we see in the backlog and how things are going so far in the first, very short 2 weeks of January. But quite frankly, we need the large customers to order parts and not push out what's on the backlog today, and that will give us some good signs. To me, that's the biggest sign, when the top 25 are in the game and they start putting orders on us and in some cases even expediting, that's what's going to make me start feeling a lot better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Well, it sounds like you'll give us an update on the trajectory of OpEx next year. But I was wondering if you could talk about maybe when you're -- when you expect the peak quarter to be in your 28-nanometer tape-outs? I believe in the past, you thought OpEx could decline next year. I'm just trying to figure out what the trajectory could look like at this point.
Jon A. Olson: So I have a hard time answering that question without actually answering the question I said I'm not going to answer, which is talk about spending number for next year. And we -- part of lowering our, and I've said this on the investor conference, or a good part of the lowering of our spending engineering number this year, our OpEx number for this year lower than we had anticipated was because we've moved some things from one year to the next. We've re-calendarized some of our tape-outs in addition to taking out discretionary spending, and that's what's caused our number to be going down from the $850 million or so kind of number down to -- $850 million or $860 million number. We're talking about million dollars of operating spending, now down to $810 million for this fiscal year. So that does imply that there is some of that going on. But because we haven't talked about what the full year is going to look like, I'd be hesitant to say exactly what the profile of engineering spending is going to be next year. That's what we're going to talk about in 3 weeks.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: You can't talk about when you think the peak tape-outs will be, if they will be in the first half or the second half?
Jon A. Olson: Well, the peak, yes. The peak will be, of 28-nanometer tape-outs, is more likely in the first half, but you have to actually know the profile to know whether that -- whether there's a flat roof or a peaked if you go back to my Analyst Day presentation. [indiscernible]
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then a follow-up on the...
Jon A. Olson: I'm not sure that's helpful. I'm afraid you're going to take -- you're going to draw conclusions from that, that may not be accurate, so just be careful with that.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: My conclusion is I need to wait for next month. So if I could ask a follow-up question on the inventory side. Can you give us some color on how channel inventory -- just the inventory declines stay flat or go up? And what's your view on the OEM side of the inventory equation?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. Our channel inventory has been pretty flat from a days perspective, so it's kind of tracked -- it's tracked our revenue numbers; been pretty flat around 15 total days for the company, plus or minus a couple, quarter-by-quarter for the last 4 quarters. And essentially we've again had short lead times. The distributors are quite confident they can get parts very rapidly, so they haven't been stockpiling parts nor have they been necessarily overly leaned out with respect to Xilinx. I can't speak for other lines that they're carrying. So for me, the inventory number isn't particularly a concern. Inventory at customers, we -- throughout the December quarter, we definitely had an increase of pull-ins by customers, meaning numbers of customers who were asking us to pull things in, which is a good sign that they have leaned up their inventory and they need things. These are all sizes of customers. I did point out that the last 2 weeks we had unexpected labels from large communication customers. One more in addition to our distribution customers. So to me, that's a good sign that we are bouncing along the bottom because while we still have some push-outs and reschedules, we also have some pull-ins. So it feels to me like that inventory at customers has worked its way through, for the most part with some exceptions, and we're now kind of more, I'll call it, hand-to-mouth, depending on what their end demand is.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Moshe, I have a question on the 28-nanometer products and the comments around $10 million in revenue through the April to June quarter. If you think about the ramp and how you guys were thinking about 28-nanometer maybe 6 months ago or even last year at your Analyst Day, would you say that the revenue ramp is moving in line with your expectations? Or do you think the macro -- the challenging macro has had some impact and perhaps some delays in some of the programs that you had won? And if so, do you think that there will be potentially an inflection point or a step function increase in 28-nanometer revenue later this year?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So that's another great question. So intuitively, it feels that it's happening more or less a quarter later than we had expected. Part of those are issues in the market, part of those are making sure that the products are fully qualified. As we have this scalable architecture and now that we have the first product basically having gone through -- both the processes qualified, that's happened a long time ago at TSMC and now the product is qualified to extend, that enables us to apply the pedal to the metal in terms of getting all of the other products out in an accelerated mode. And I do believe that, that will enable faster growth from this point on. And so the numbers we've projected are just the beginning of what we consider to be a significant ramp. And given that we have 5 product families, 4 of which already are sampling and the fifth is actually the simplest one, which already actually has been demonstrated, it's a subset of the previous ones, we feel very, very, very confident in our ability to bring this to market. And we do expect it to accelerate. Now the different products do tend to have different profiles and because we've started with the midrange product, which is Kintex, and we're now moving, and the Virtex product is catching up with that, that should provide some acceleration, too, because that tends to have a much higher ASP as does the SSIT, which was one of the questions we were asked about previously. So I know this is a supposed answer, but the answer -- if you summarize all of that, it should grow very rapidly through the second half of the year due to the breadth of the product offering.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And just quickly around Zynq and given that you've got some early returns from customers, would you say that the initial activity is in areas that would be incremental to the FPGA TAM? Or how are design wins working out? Is it kind of FPGA late replacement sockets or new sockets that you wouldn't traditionally hit?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So the markets we're addressing definitely -- we have tens of thousands of customers in nearly every market. So this is less opening a new market, but it enables us to significantly increase our penetration into markets which are not necessarily FPGA-centric. And an example on Zynq, which was targeted at 3 general markets: automotive, ISM and to a lesser degree, communications, we're seeing a totally new set of applications in automotive, for example, where truthfully, our percentage of the BOM before would be minuscule, and the percentage of the BOM now or the bill of materials is very, very significant. So no, it basically enables us to replace the solutions which used external processors, external DSPs, external analog mixed signal capabilities and external FPGAs to -- so it is a market expansion because it is -- it does have an FPGA element, there is an element of FPGA design, the tools we are providing to enable a larger, less skilled set of customers will be the key to enabling us to address that larger market in terms of designers, and that will enable us to reach a larger TAM.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It seems that both Altera and Xilinx are doing FPGA and microprocessor integrations, and it's not clear to me what the difference is, and I'm hoping that you can help me understand what's the difference between what you guys are doing, what your competition is doing.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Well, we've been focused on this area for a very, very, very long time, and you can check comments made by the competitor on this area as to when they got into it. As a result, we believe we have customer engagements for years now that are now reaching fruition, and we have a very, very significant time-to-market advantage. At this point in time, what we see from the competition is very early and if we compare it, it's probably equivalent to things which we showed customers over 2 years ago. And so we feel very comfortable with our product offering. We were there first. We have a very broad product offering. We have sampled, it works. It's in customer systems. The customer systems are working. We feel very good at our -- with our competitive position. We obviously need to continue running, right, because if you stop running, then the competition will catch up, but we definitely have a very significant early lead there.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, Mark, one more thing. I don't think we can actually say much about their products since it only exists on the paper and a block diagram, which happens to look close to silicon block diagram, looks very close to our block diagram. But there isn't any unit out there, there isn't any evaluation boards out there that I'm aware of, and so it's hard to know exactly what they will do with it. And I think, as you know, it isn't just about a piece of silicon, it's around all the software ecosystem, et cetera, that you build around a processor subsystem. And as Moshe said, we've been working on this for quite a few years and with real customers engaging on this. So it's actually difficult to make a real competitive comparison at this juncture.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Can you just say what are the biggest end-market applications?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: They are automotive, industrial and communications.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: When your sales started to pick up towards the end of the year and into this year, what did your customers say or distributors say as to the reason that they were ordering more? Was it that their demand was better or was it just that they'd kind of gone through the inventory burn phase, and they were taking some up or a little of both?
Jon A. Olson: I would say it's about 50/50, based on what I can tell. So I tried to go through the end markets and the customers because I was trying to understand that and get people to explain that to me as well. And the best information I have today from the distribution side were it's just a lot of different customers involved in it. It's really kind of been a little of both. The networking side, et cetera, I don't have as clear of an answer on that question.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just as a follow up on, it sounds like things are bottoming here. You guys have plenty of cash. I'm just curious as to why not get a little more aggressive on the buyback?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. Well, this is an annual process that we go through in our discussions with the board, and we certainly will be discussing all of the alternatives. As we have been committed historically to both and we continue to be committed to both dividends and cash repurchases, so I think you can expect us to continue to look at both of those as opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Jon, you talked about, last time, a program in defense. I'm just wondering if you can quantify it and also said that it's not going to go away, at least this quarter. I'm just wondering when it goes away.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, there are 2 things going on in defense for next quarter. There is some last time buy which is, I'll say, a relatively small portion in terms of billions of dollars, really small, if you will, but it's just needing some additional -- some parts, I guess, the last time buy program that we have. The bigger growth is really this new buy for a relatively new program or I should say an increase in the program of one of the defense contractors. So that's really where the biggest growth amount is coming from. Overall, if you look overall at the last time buy from this fab line obsolescence thing that we have going, it's a very small increase overall for the company next quarter, and it remains kind of in this low-single digit bouncing around tolerance band of revenue. It was last quarter and it will for the next 3 or 4 quarters. So we're not really getting a lot incremental is what I'm trying to tell you from the last time buy.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then just one clarification. On the enterprise side, you said that, that business grew in December quarter. Just wondering if you think that is just demand being a little better? And also if you could give us what's your expectation for that market is in Q1, that would be great. I mean, I'm talking the March quarter.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, well, I would read that as a positive sign for us in the network area from the standpoint of just the overall ordering patterns have been low and choppy, and I think the increase was a positive sign relative to what's going on in the potential IT spend area going into the new year, so our least expectation is that people are going to continue to buy equipment, so I think that's a pretty good sign.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And your expectation is that it will grow in Q1?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. Again, that's back to my answer to one of the earlier questions. I think wireline is still pretty choppy, and it's not clear to me that it's sustainable yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of clarifications on what you said about 40, 45-nanometers. If I understand, you said you want to close in on 50% share at this node. But that includes your low-end product on 40, 45, so you would have lower than 50% market share at the high-end product, is that correct? And can you also give us some sense of what percentage your 40, 45-nanometer reps now at high end versus low end?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So traditionally, the high end has been 2/3 of the market, and the high volume or lower end has been 1/3. And what we expect is for the sum of those to enable us to get to 50%, and part of that is driven by the fact that there is no competitive -- significant competitive product at the 45-nanometer node that we're competing with. So we think we'll have pretty plain sailing and we have a lot of high volume but more lower ASP design wins there, which benefit from what is a very strong profile in terms of low cost and actually very low power, too. And that would be our projection. It requires acceleration of our growth because we're definitely starting from behind these families. We're several months behind the competition, which did a good job and came out first, which is by the way why we made sure that at 28-nanometer that did not repeat and if anything, we feel we're well ahead on 28-nanometer.
Jon A. Olson: We didn't really comment on the components. We're not going to, but the 45-nanometer, our high-volume product, didn't grow as well quarter-to-quarter and as well as the high volume and we said there was 20% growth for that category quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sujee De Silva.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Maybe can you try to, from your anecdotal conversations, handicap the likelihood of wireless infrastructure spending snaps back some time in 2012 or can it stay at this low level?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, my position is that it can't basically because in Palo Alto, I can't get cell coverage, right? And then in China, which I was there last week, it used to have pretty good cell coverage and now seeing a lot of dropped calls in China, and this is based on one person's anecdotal information. I fundamentally believe that what is happening is there's a gross mismatch between the infrastructure and the consumer purchases, and that this will sooner or later generate a huge problem that will need to be addressed. And if you look at North America, the big carriers are trying to address this by limiting bandwidth, throttling back. There's a whole host of techniques that are being used. But at the end of the day, the number of smart cellphones is growing at such a fast rate that, in my mind, it's going to totally overwhelm the system. Having -- and this is not a North America-only phenomenon. It's clearly happening in China, too, in a big way as the number of smartphones is growing at a very rapid rate, and we expect it to have worldwide ramification. So I just don't see how you can go through another year of not investing in bandwidth unless there's a year of not selling cellphones, right? It's just at an imbalance already at this point and it's getting worse. And the number of applications and the usage models are just more and more bandwidth-intensive. So I don't think it's sustainable and it will happen. It will happen in different rates where it's driven by government mandate as opposed to where it's driven maybe only by commercial interests, but I think in both cases, there's absolutely a huge demand.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And then on 28-nanometer, thanks for giving us the $10 million forecast. I imagine that's concentrated around the Kintex and Virtex products initially. A year out, will that be spread between the 5 product families or still concentrated among one or two 28-nanometer families?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: It will be spread for sure on all 5, but it won't be evenly spread on all 5. I would expect Kintex and Virtex to be the 2 largest ones, then SSIT to be the third and then Zynq and Altix to be the fourth. And there's just an intuitive response as to how it's expected to be. And some of the significant growth in Kintex is driven by the fact that we believe it has sustainable competitive advantage in the midrange, particularly for wireless applications.
Rick Muscha: Well, thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Eastern Time -- 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our earnings release date for the fourth quarter of Fiscal Year '12 will be Wednesday, April 25, after the market close. This quarter, we'll be holding our Annual Analyst Meeting at February 15 in San Francisco. In addition, we'll be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 16, and the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on February 28. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Moshe N. Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Rick Muscha -  Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Brian Peterson - Raymond James John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Johnson David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC, Research Division Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Marvin and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the September quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements.  This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. During today's commentary, I will review our September quarter results. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the December quarter.  Xilinx sales were $555.2 million in the September quarter, a decrease of 10% sequentially. This was in line with the revised sales guidance we provided on September 20, but lower than the forecast we provided during our last earnings conference call due primarily to weaker than anticipated business from customers in the communications and industrial and other categories.  Gross margin was 63.9%, slightly better than anticipated, driven primarily by favorable customer mix and product mix. Operating expenses were $200 million, less than guided due to lower than expected restructuring charges as well as lower variable, R&D and legal expenses.  Operating margin was $155 million or 27.9% for the quarter. New product sales decreased 5% sequentially during the quarter due to declines from Virtex-5 which were impacted by decreases in wired communications that more than offset increases in wireless business.  Spartan-3 sales were also impacted by declines from wired communications during the quarter. 40 and 45-nanometer product sales increased sequentially, led by strong gains from Spartan-6. 28-nanometer products, particularly Kintex-7, contributed to new product sales shipping units to more than 50 customers during the quarter.  Mainstream products decreased 15% sequentially and base products declined 14% sequentially. Sales from Asia Pacific were particularly weak during the quarter, declining 21% sequentially due to weak sales from wired and wireless communications business. Asia-Pacific sales represented 31% of total sales in the September quarter, down from 35% in the prior quarter and down from 35% in the same quarter a year ago.  North American sales were down 11% sequentially, driven primarily by declines from the Communications and industrial and other categories. For the September quarter, North American sales represented 29% of total sales, down from 30% in the prior quarter and flat with 30% in the same quarter of the prior year.  European sales were essentially flat for the quarter, as the sales increase in Communications was offset by sales declines from all other end market categories. European sales represented 29% of total sales in the quarter, up from 26% in the prior quarter, as well as the same quarter of the previous year.  Lastly, Japan sales increased 5% sequentially in the quarter, representing 11% of total sales with strength from all end market categories, with the exception of Data Processing.  Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. Communications sales declined 12% sequentially, representing 44% of total sales driven predominantly by wired communication decreases.  Industrial and other sales decreased 10% sequentially to represent 33% of total sales, driven primarily by decreases from industrial, scientific and medical and test and measurement. Defense sales were down slightly.  Consumer and Automotive sales increased 2% sequentially to 16% of total sales, as increases in consumer and audio/video broadcast offset a slight decline in Automotive.  Data Processing sales declined 17% sequentially as declines in computer and Data Processing more than offset a slight increase from storage applications.  Net income for the quarter was $126 million or $0.47 per diluted share. Other income and expense was a net expense of $8.6 million, slightly higher than guided due primarily to slightly higher interest expense associated with the fair market value of certain elements of our convertible debt.  Operating cash flow for the September quarter was $200 million before $18 million in CapEx. We paid $50 million in cash dividends and repurchased 4 million shares of stock during the quarter for $122 million. The tax rate in the September quarter was 14%.  Diluted shares for the quarter were 267 million. There was no dilutive effect from our convertible notes, as the average stock prices during the quarter did not exceed the conversion price. To provide greater clarification regarding the dilution associated with our convertibles, we have recently posted a convertible FAQ to our Investor Relations website at www.investor.xilinx.com.  Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments decreased $17 million to $2.8 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt and our net cash position is approximately $1.5 billion.  Days sales outstanding decreased one day in the September quarter to 35 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx declined by $28 million sequentially. Combined inventory days at Xilinx in distribution in the September quarter were 126 days, up from 117 days in the prior quarter. This is inclusive of approximately 17 days related to the build ahead associated with the closure of a legacy fab line.  Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the December quarter of fiscal year '12. Our backlog heading into the quarter is down sequentially. We are expecting sales from Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families to increase and sales from our 28-nanometer families to significantly increase sequentially. From an end market perspective, we are expecting sales from Communications to be down sequentially with wireless declines offsetting an increase from wired communications.  Consumer sales are expected to be approximately flat, as Consumer and Automotive growth offsets declines from audio/video broadcast. Industrial and other sales are expected to decrease sequentially primarily due to declines from test and measurement and Industrial, Scientific and Medical. We're expecting defense sales to increase.  Lastly, coming off a weak quarter, Data Processing sales are expected to increase sequentially. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be down 3% to down 8% sequentially, with sales from all geographies expected to be down. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 57%.  Gross margin is expected to be approximately 64% as yield improvements and cost reduction efforts offset strong growth in our newest products. We remain committed to our corporate model of 64% to 66% and anticipate gradual improvement over time as we drive yield improvement in these product lines.  Operating expenses in the December quarter are expected to be approximately $203 million, including approximately $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. Nearly all of this increase will be associated with higher R&D spending associated with 28-nanometer product development.  For fiscal year 2012, we now expect total operating expenses to be approximately $820 million to $830 million, including amortization of intangibles as well as the recent restructuring charge. This is a decrease from the guidance we provided at our last Analyst Meeting last March of approximately $850 million, including amortization of intangibles. Most of this decrease is related to lower variable spend associated with a lower sales base, in addition to the impact of cost controls as a result of the weaker macro environment.  We will provide fiscal year 2013 guidance at our upcoming Analyst Meeting on February 15 in San Francisco. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $8 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 266 million shares. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 14%.  Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Weak sales in the September quarter and lower than seasonal guidance for the December quarter suggest we are in a period of inventory adjustment across many of our end markets. While the PLD industry is certainly not immune to macroeconomic forces and short-term corrections, believe that Xilinx is better positioned than ever for long-term growth. First the micro trends driving programmable solutions of our ASICs and ASSPs has never been stronger. Second, our competitive position has improved dramatically with clear leadership at 28-nanometer.  Third, our industry-leading innovations enabling programmable systems integration, driving a new level of bond [ph] and system level customer value.  The September quarter, while new product sales declined 5% sequentially, sales from our Virtex-6 40-nanometer and Spartan-6 45-nanometer products increased, now represent more than 10% of total company revenue. Spartan-6 devices experienced strong growth from communication, industrial and consumer applications, and sales from our Virtex-6 HXT devices with 11.1 gigabit per second transceiver speed increased over 30% sequentially. We expect these families to show continued growth in the December quarter as well based on customer forecast.  In the September quarter, we achieved a number of key milestones that significantly boost customer value with 3 key elements enabling programmable systems integration. ARM-based processing integration with the Zynq-7000 family, the integration with stacked silicon interconnect technology and mixed signal integration with our Agile Mixed Signal technology.  Last quarter, we take out the PLD industry's first embedded system platform. The Zynq-7000 device will be sampling in the December quarter, building on what we believe to be well over a year time-to-market advantage with customer designs which started over 18 months ago using our emulation platform. The Zynq-7000 family is the first of its kind to integrate a world-class 800 megahertz dual core ARM processing system, 28-nanometer low power programmable logic combined with a software-centric use model. It enables a great system and bond [ph] level value through the integration of the processor, DSP and FPGA functionality in one device.  Design win momentum is also very strong and broad-based. Current design wins include applications in the automotive, defense, test and measurement, industrial, scientific and medical market segments.  With regards to stacked silicon interconnect technology, SSIT, the Virtex-7 2000T FPGA has generated significant design win activity in this quarter. This device, which is scheduled to sample to multiple customers in the December quarter, is industry's -- has the capacity programmable logic device and delivers twice the capacity of the competition, almost 3x the system's bandwidth and 50% to 70% reduced system-level power and cost through single-chip FPGA integration. This is a game-changing innovation. It provides us with a generational time-to-market advantage over the competition.  Lastly, we have also delivered the third generation integrated Agile Mixed Signal at 28-nanometer. Now available across all of the product families, highly flexible integrated AMS block eliminates a wide range of discrete analog functions and delivers a typical cost savings of $2 up to $7 armed with greatly enhanced system-level performance, board savings and reliability. These bill of material cost savings are most highly valued by customers designing with Artix-7, our 28-nanometer high-volume FPGA family.  I'm delighted with the rapid rollout of our 28-nanometer product family, which is unquestionably the fastest new product generation rollout in Xilinx's history. We have taped out 6 devices to date and are confident that by early 2012, we'll be sampling from our entire 28-nanometer product family. Design wins now total more than 200 designs, well over $600 million of lifetime revenue. Last quarter, we sold thousands of units to 50 discreet customers who are anticipating significant revenue growth in the December quarter.  To summarize, I've never been more confident in Xilinx's opportunity for growth and in our expanded product portfolio. Despite some uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, remain convinced that the overall larger trends are intact and expand our opportunity as our 28-nanometer leadership has led to significantly improved competitive position that our innovation in enabling programmable systems integration is creating a new level of customer value at the system and bond level.  As a result, we expect our 28-nanometer product families to ramp significantly faster than our 65-nanometer and 45 -- 40 and 45-nanometer families and expect our game-changing product strategy will drive continued share gain against ASICs and ASSPs as well as PLD share. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If I look at your guidance relative to some of your peers with similar communications exposure, or some of your customers or coms OEMs, it seems better, and it seems to me like some of that differential can be explained by the fact that you expect wireless to be up. So can you talk about why you have confidence that wireless will be up when in past quarters, you've had various levels of customer pushouts in that area?
Jon A. Olson: Jim, this is Jon. So first, relative to data points, I really haven't studied many of those data points because there are as many out there, relative to the supply chain in the communications at this point in time. So our guidance is impacted by a few things. One is last quarter, I did talk about the build aheads that were being done in some of our Communications business, so that was -- it kind of exacerbated our down situation and there was more inventory adjustments than we had even anticipated some of those large communications suppliers. So we are seeing some bounce back, particularly in Asia, from that area. So I think there's a little -- part of your -- the answer to your question is a little bit of timing of when they took it versus when they're going to take it in the supply chain. The second part is, I think you may have incorrectly heard us that we think wired is going to be up next quarter and not -- and wireless is not going to be up; it's going to be down for us. So from a wired perspective, again, many of the same inventory adjustments that occurred were in the wired space and we do think we're going to get some bounce back from that perspective. On the wireless side, we had a very strong wireless showing that this quarter and again, there is some moderation in that across our big customer base.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Thanks that's very helpful. And then just a follow-up on the OpEx guidance. You talked about most of that reduction being on the SG&A and variable expense side. Can you talk about any kind of pushouts or anything on the -- that's affecting R&D? Because I think there was some R&D effect in the September quarter that you had talked about during the pre-announcement.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. The OpEx thing has got a few twists in it, so kind of let me go through it. The reductions overall for the year are actually mostly in R&D. It's mostly us pulling back some in headcount and so a little bit of smoothing going on and masking the wafers between this fiscal year and next fiscal year. And that's really just the way we've realigned a couple things in our product roadmap, so nothing really significant to the production worthiness of our product family and our fast rollout that we've talked about before. But we are pulling back some in R&D just because we were pretty aggressive in some of the hiring plans, and so we're trying to find places that we can save money here and there because of the macro environment to make sure our bottom line still looks pretty good. While it is true that variable expenses, which hit both R&D and the sale on the SG&A side, because we have quite a bit of re-compensation which is variable. Then again, variable on the sales side would be commissions, those kinds of things. Unfortunately, some of that is being, that savings is being offset by higher legal expenses. Even though we said we had lower legal expenses this quarter, they're popping back up again in the second half of the year, as we continue to be -- to get -- I guess attack, maybe is the word. If people -- the trolls keep coming after us for things and so we have a strategy of vigorously defending ourselves in these particular IP litigations. And so we're having a protracted period of higher expenses which are offsetting some of the expenses in SG&A. So net-net, we see SG&A going down not very much, and we see R&D going down the most.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the demand environment. On the one hand, PLDs are supposed to be the secular growth market and should be somewhat immune to the cycle. But on the other hand, when I look at your guidance and trends, they're only slightly better than, say, the more mature analog sector as an example. I understand there's perhaps a bit more lumpiness among some of your customers. But I'm really interested to hear what you're seeing in the end market. Is it just customer lumpiness? Or are you seeing perhaps a slowdown in this ASSP and ASIC replacement by PLDs?
Jon A. Olson: Let me give a little end market color and then maybe Moshe can jump in with a little more customer trend kind of thing. Essentially, what you're seeing is a lot of weakness in the midsize and small customers and a lot of this is in the industrial and other categories. So broad-based Industrial, Scientific and Medical has had a very good run over the last 4 or 5 quarters for us, and we're seeing much more caution in inventory adjustment and just general reticence to jump into things in that particular area. So it's not all communication story here. There's a broad base of customers that are definitely having slowed down. Having said that, the communications side of the business, there is lumpiness going on with large customers. Very strong wireless, particularly out of our European customers serving -- as they serve the rest of the world. But then a lot of lumpiness coming out of Asia-Pacific where you saw such a strong decline for us, 21%, but then we do think that bounces back some in the next quarter. So there is a fair amount of lumpiness. One more statement before I turn it over to Moshe is, there is -- in terms of all the new designs and some of the existing designs from our last 2 or 3 generations of products that are still in the mill, we are not seeing people, our customers, push out design cycles for them. They are being more cautious, but no one's canceling -- at this point we don't see canceling of design activities going on. So I'm trying to kind of be cautious about the macro environment but say there's a lot of inventory adjustment and caution going on overall.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes. I can reinforce what Jon said, and the trends that we are seeing in terms of our customers' new systems is that a larger and larger portion of the solution is being implemented inside the FPGA and the primary change there is that ASICs are becoming really quite rare. And as we move forward to the 28-nanometer, then this trend accelerates. And so our expectation, and this is fully supported by what we're seeing as the number of new ASIC design starts, is that FPGAs are becoming -- replacing a significant part of ASICs. Those trends are now starting to manifest themselves. They were apparent at the 40-nanometer node and they're accelerating at the 28-nanometer node. Unfortunately, in terms of revenue, that's still a small part of our revenue and hence, that gets drowned out when there's sort of a macroeconomic downturn. So that trend is very, very solid and ASICs definitely are on their way out. And in some areas and in lots of applications, we're finding that what we're competing against is, if it's high-volume application, then we're competing against ASSPs. We're being quite successful there, in particular at the -- with the 28-nanometer solution. Now where that gets accelerated is due to the 2000T, the newest device we have, which has twice the capacity of what you can achieve on a monolithic device, and that enables us to compete with higher end ASICs than we ever have before, and that will enable us to capture market share. But again, you shouldn't confuse the short-term trends with the longer-term ones. And the short-term ones are driven somewhat by macroeconomics, but the strategic direction of more FPGA content is definitely continuing to strengthen and I'm absolutely confident that, that trend is going to continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As you guys think about what's clearly an inventory reduction that's going on now, can you give us a sense, one, if you have any idea if we're coming to a bottom. Some of your peers have suggested that we may be in that inventory reduction. And then maybe in response to that, could you also compare and contrast to the environment that you saw in 2008?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. I'm reticent to say that we're approaching the bottom or not, because I don't really know. I mean, we're certainly -- and I'll kind of go to the second part of the question and kind of circle back to the first one. If it ends up looking like 2008, we have a lot more bottom to go because there was a lot lower drop -- precipitous drop in the industrial segments than we're seeing right now. And our indication of what's different at least at this point in time from 2008 was really around design win activity and cancellation of programs that were in flight or close to our production level, and we are definitely are not seeing that now. That's why I kind of wanted to emphasize that in the answer to the previous question is, this doesn't, right now, feel to us like it's a 2008 scenario, but I don't have enough visibility to really forecast whether we're at the bottom in the December quarter or not.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can I just start off by asking you about Automotive? Your comment about Automotive being slightly down, you're being contrast with Linear, as I reported today, and their comment was, this is one area where they're going to see growth. Obviously, I know you sell different things, but any comment as to what you can make to round out the module [ph] would just be helpful.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, we're very bullish on Automotive, Uche. This quarter was -- I would say again, has something to do with inventory adjustment and a kind of a platform switching to our latest platform, we have even more content. So we actually -- I do believe Automotive continues to be a strong growth area for us. I think if you -- last quarter when we were on the call, several people had said Automotive was weaker and ours was actually stronger. So there's obviously some timing differences between when those things occur for us versus others, and what are the value position that we're in, in the automobile is, versus maybe other people. We're seeing much more -- much bigger adoption of FPGAs and when I think about the SoC level device of a Zynq platform, we're seeing even a larger uptake of that across the Automotive platform for the in-car kinds of things that we do, driver assist and infotainment, that level of product. So we're still very positive about Automotive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Question on margins. Good to see you guys deliver on the promise of keeping margins -- having them go up in December. As we think through the next couple of quarters, your yields have come up on the 40, 45, but then you're also wrapping 28, albeit it's going to be a very small number. How should we think about margins, everything else being equal?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So the challenge for us always when we're ramping new products is, and particularly we have this fast ramp, is that as we throw a 100 wafers into the foundry early to get engineering samples and then early customer samples and then we move into production; the more of those you do, the more margin drag you end up having in the process, but we've been cautious about talking about margins from the standpoint of, we know those things are coming at us, but we also know that we had cost reductions in the form of both internal things we've done, and also price negotiations for wafers that were giving us second half benefit. And so the way we have things modeled now is, those things can offset each other and give us a little bit of a positive along the way. So assuming all those elements happen as we estimate it, we should be okay. So we have counted on the fact that we're going to be ramping new products in this whole algorithm. And barring any serious issues with the new products, we should be in reasonable shape.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess on the OpEx side, the implied midpoint there is about $218 million or up 7% in the March quarter. I'm just curious there, should we be reading that as largely legal? Or are you seeing increased mass set designs, tape-outs, et cetera? How should we interpret that?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I would say it's probably at least 2/3 R&D because of mass sets, and not so much headcount growth -- some, but those expense is related to that, and then a little bit in SG&A due, again, primarily to the legal forecast.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I guess just a follow-up in terms of gross margins. As you think about the ramp of series 7 and I guess yield implications from series 6, how should we be thinking about that, as that -- as we go through the next couple quarters? Is that an important part of the gross margin story here? Or are there other factors that we should be thinking about?
Jon A. Olson: That is probably the biggest issue outside of our customer mix is the rate of ramp and the rate of improvement of the defect density in the foundries. And we've been very pleased with the results we've got on the new products, particularly all the 28-nanometer products in terms of yields. And so if we stay on that yield path that we are on, again, I think that we've got other things going on elsewhere in cost reduction to help offset any drag that would give us, but that is the biggest factor other than customer mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Given the lead time contraction versus a few quarters ago, do you expect any changes in your ASP trends going forward, notably from mainstream and base products? And also you mentioned that there was some weakness at small and midsize customers. Does this have any gross margin implications?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So from a lead time perspective, there's no doubt that our lead times have been shortened tremendously and you that our turns estimate from a percentage basis for next quarter is quite high from our last 4 or 5 quarter trend at 57%. So we are -- we do definitely believe that because of the short lead times and people's caution, they've waited in terms of placing orders on us, so that gives a fairly high turns number. From an ASP impact of all that, not really much because our ASPs are generally baked in, I'll say in the medium term. For large customers, they might have as much as a year in advance pricing. And then smaller customers, unless they just do spot buys, they typically are running 3, 4-month kind of price commitment. So we have a pretty good understanding on an order-by-order basis of what the margin's going to be. Then mix, both the customer and the product mix have the biggest impact. But I don't think we're going to -- we're really exposed on ASPs in particular on that. And then relative to the weakness of the midsize and small customers, there's no doubt that midsize and small customers pay us higher prices and that has a drag effect on gross margins. If you look at the impact or the percentage of our large customers, our top 50 customers as a percent of total revenue, it's about the same as it was last quarter. So therefore, everything kind of moved down in the same percentage and the same proportions, if you will. So that weakness, if it's greater than our large customers, it could have some drag on gross margins, but right now, we are -- we think things are pretty well balanced going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two quick questions. Jon, maybe just a follow-on to your last answer. You mentioned turns were higher for this quarter than they have been in prior quarters. Can you put that into perspective as far as where we are in the cycle? How worried should we be about this turns level given where we are in the cycle for guidance? And I have a follow-up for Moshe.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So -- I mean, that totally is a $64 question, or $64 million question or whatever relative to why we have high turns, and we're saying that business is off for us. What's our confidence level in all that? And the way we go through our process is we do a buildup of both large customers forecast, short-terms and long-term forecast and then we also have an order patterning coming from both -- all our sources for the medium and small-sized customers distribution, our own salesforce if they happen to take care of the medium-sized customers, and then we sit down and we look at all those trends and we track those actually on a daily and weekly basis, just on a go forward, rolling basis and look at where the trends are. And so, while it is a high number, we do feel confident that even if quite a few customers took the same or less, we'd still be able to meet it because we do have a fair amount of our top 50 that have convinced us they're coming back for more products and more revenue than they had in the last quarter. So it's just the overall amalgamation of all that as a downward trend.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then I guess, Moshe as a follow-up, given that it's still early days in 28. When you look at the momentum that you guys have there. How much of this is, kind of, rewinning sockets you lost at 45 versus, kind of, new market opportunity with ASIC replacement? And as you guys think about regaining those sockets, how should I think about incumbency and the benefits of that as you try to get back share?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, incumbency has value, but it has limited value because most of the customers actually are capable, at least the big customers are capable and have strategy -- have some level of balance between the 2 major providers and they have the tools and they can do designs with both. And obviously, we felt that because we clearly had the majority of the business -- vast majority of the 65-nanometer node and then at the 40-nanometer, at the high end, it clearly went the other way. Being first, having a broader product portfolio, rolling it out as quickly as we are and having tight market advantages in our mind are compelling reasons. And that's why we expect to see our share inside the FPGA or PLD market start growing again as 28-nanometer goes into production. And then this will just benefit from the fact that the market is clearly expanding as FPGAs are replacing ASICS in more and more applications. So we see the pie growing and we see our portion of the pie growing back with the 28-nanometer. Now it's difficult for me to sort of size those 2 trends, but I think the pie, overall, is growing at a fast rate and market share tends to shift over time. And the market share becomes more evident, but it takes longer for it to be visible whereas growth of the pie happens faster. And so if you're looking for numbers, I would expect that market growth -- overall market growth is 2x faster than the implication of market share and that's somewhat intuitive, but that's the best I can do.
Jon A. Olson: I mean, of the things I will just add to that, is that Moshe talked about, the design win lifetime revenue is over -- greater than $600 million, and now it's just [ph] quite a bit bigger number than a quarter ago when we talked about it. There's no doubt that some of that $600 million is winning things back that we had lost at 40- and 45-nanometer. Just like there's no doubt that it's expanding the market through Zynq, our SSIT platform, large FPGAs. Both of those are gaining significant tractions and those are largely expanding the market beyond traditional PLDs against ASSPs and/or ASICs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Just a couple of mix questions, and -- but before I get to the mix question, my first pre-question is on cancellations and pushouts. Did you see anything near the end of the quarter? Maybe if you can comment quickly on linearity.
Jon A. Olson: So, yes. There's no doubt that we, throughout the quarter we saw pushouts and -- because we were -- that was really the source of our pre-announcement relative to a lower revenue number. We had quite a few pushouts and there were cancellations in that. But then we also saw that after the cancellations, there were some re-bookings. So it's really a mixed bag and you kind of feel for a few weeks there like you're in a freefall, because you're not really sure where the hard ground is, but we definitely have seen both of those more on the pushouts than cancellations though.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: And do you expect the December quarter to be fairly linear? Or are you counting on certain months being your stronger months?
Jon A. Olson: December is typically fairly linear for us. It gets a little soft at the Christmas timeframe, but generally pretty linear for us.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then -- sorry my mix question is on -- you talked about the 40-nanometer -- your 40- and 45-nanometer revenues grew. Can you quantify that for us and maybe share with us what your mix of 40-nanometer is today?
Jon A. Olson: So generally we talk about these things kind of in one generation, so 40 and 45 to get us on -- if you're asking me to parse this to you, I'm not going to be able to do that. As a group, they -- it did grow and relative to -- I'm trying to recall how you asked the question, sorry.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Well, how much did it grow? Can you quantify it?
Jon A. Olson: Yes, it grew 10%, excuse me -- between 5% to 10%, sorry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley.
Sean Hazlett: This is Sean Hazlett dialing in for Sanjay. It looks like the last time you reported earnings, about 85% of the lead times of your line items were 4 weeks or less. How does that compare to lead times today?
Jon A. Olson: Well, that's our metric is -- the percent of lead time is over 85% and we are, I'd say we're higher than that. I would say we're -- excuse me, we're less than 4 weeks, I'd say we're 95%, maybe 95% plus.
Sean Hazlett: Okay. And then another quick question. When can we, kind of, expect to see a meaningful percentage of revenue from your Zynq-7000 product?
Jon A. Olson: Zynq won't be significant for us for quite a few quarters. I mean, we have some very significant early design wins, but there's a lot of work to be done to integrate a SoC in a customer's application, so they're working way ahead of that. And it's also a new category, and we're being very expeditious about making sure we can support processor-like support for everybody in terms of the ecosystem and we've been focusing on a handful of end markets to make sure we're very effective, they're like Automotive, scientific and medical, broad-based, industrial, and then some in Communications, but I think it will be several quarters before you see anything really significant.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: There's a view out there that the wireless network topology shifts to smaller cells and less expensive base stations to accommodate the higher wireless data demand. And I'm wondering if you could share your thoughts on how you see this trend playing out and how this impacts you. And if you could maybe give us some kind of relative metric as to the kind of typical content you might have in a large base station versus a smaller base station.
Jon A. Olson: Well, there's a lot of different topologies relative to what different companies are talking about, what the future is going to look like in terms of how much is sitting out close to the antenna and how much is back in the Central Office or how much is being run in the cloud and et cetera. The small cell has been getting a tremendous amount of talk lately and things. But quite frankly, even -- any of the OEM's strategies always have -- still have macro cells at some level involved in all this. Small cells are something that we continue to look at and look for opportunities to play in those, but we see this as -- it's not going to merge for quite a few years before there's any significant percentage of the overall infrastructure revenue coming out of small cells. It just doesn't seem to be well worked through yet in terms of how it's going to roll out, which providers would adopt it, and how it -- they can't throw away all of what they have today, so it is pretty interesting how -- when think you think about how the new thoughts are going to play with the old thoughts when a lot of it -- a lot of your money comes from expanding existing -- coverage in existing cities. And so there's a lot of things to be worked out there and we're definitely in the middle of that from a strategic perspective, trying to figure out exactly how it's going to roll out and we're confident we'll be there and still play in a significant way in the wireless infrastructure even if small cells become the thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Jon, just returning to that question about 40-, 45-nanometer. Can you give us an idea of what percentage of revenues you've gotten to today? And then as a follow-on to that, you talked about Spartan-6 starting to ramp here. In terms of your 28-nanometer products also ramping, do you expect Spartan-6 to be a meaningful product? Or eventually in next year and the year after, do you think Kintex and perhaps Artix will take over for Spartan-6?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So 40- and 45-nanometer collectively was greater than 10% of revenue in the quarter, so get that question out of the way. And Spartan-6 has really been our -- been an extremely strong competitive answer to the fact that our competitor did not do a high volume base product at that node, the 40-, 45-nanometer node. And the reason that we're getting very strong design wins and starting to have some pretty significant revenue ramp there is because we kind of have a free reign relative to design wins for this -- devices that have a certain scale that have transceivers associated with the small form factor. In fact, our biggest competition is likely the small -- one of the smaller PLD competitors versus Altera in that situation. We're doing very strong, very well because of the transceiver capability there and the low power capability of Spartan-6 versus all other alternatives out there today. So those are the winning dynamics for that. So while it's true that Artix will come in and certainly play a role for the next generation in that same category, it's going to be a while before that -- there's traction there. We're just going to be sampling the first Artix early and that seems -- early sampling early in January and it will be -- excuse me, early in the January -- the March quarter and it will be a while before we -- there's real traction on the Artix family. Also Artix brings some different characteristics like the mixed-signal capability that we talked about. So it's going to have, also, some different play and it's going to move up in -- the high end of Artix will move up and play a role and some of -- where traditionally the midrange has been for our competitors. So it's actually a pretty broad family relative to what Spartan-6 was.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Jon, on the wireless and wireline being little bit lumpy here, just trying to understand -- if you look at from a different geographic standpoint, just trying to understand what are some of the trends you're seeing in China as well as in the U.S. And also and on the wireline side, I'm a little surprised to see that it's actually coming back up in Q4, if you could kind of tell us what's driving that?
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So from a wireless perspective, we had a really strong quarter in that particular area, I mean in wireless area that was driven out of our -- you can tell our geographic -- from a geographic perspective that Europe was essentially flat and it was the only geography that was in that situation, so you can imagine that a lot of that came from our strong wireless business there. And some of that was a little bit of catch up from the previous quarter, but generally, we do feel wireless will be, in that area, will be strong for us again another quarter. It's been -- if you look at the Asia-Pacific sales, our Asia-Pacific sales were down significantly 21%, in terms of it's down, and a lot of that was due to our communications businesses there which has soft in both wireless and wireline. So the view that things are coming back in wireless, excuse me, wireline is really one of an inventory adjustment that had happened -- pull-aheads in the previous quarter and those customers are going to be taking some product this quarter. So there are customer-specific situations where we think the inventory adjustment will be over and that's now over, and therefore, they're going to get back to, obviously, a normal run rate and those happen to be more associated with our Asian -- Asia-Pacific customers and in the wireline area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Johnson with Pacific Crest Securities.
David Johnson: I want to come back to the OpEx. I talked about R&D in the March quarter being impacted by higher amount of mass cost. I was wondering if we should expect the majority of that to roll off exiting the March quarter. And then second question was just on the stacked silicon technology. I'm just wondering if you could remind us whether that technology is going to be fairly limited to the high end or if you anticipate it proliferating throughout a broader set of your product groups.
Jon A. Olson: So I'll take the OpEx one and give Moshe the stacked silicon one. From an OpEx perspective, so yes -- so we do continue to see an increased number of tape-outs quarter-by-quarter for the next several quarters as we continue to roll out our 28-nanometer family. We aren't -- the peak for that in this fiscal year is going to be the March quarter. We aren't providing a forecast at this time for FY '13, but we will not be done rolling out our 28-nanometer product, taping them out by the end of March. There's still more that will come in the next year. But we're going to provide more color and information around that when we talk about our OpEx number for next year and we get to the analyst day in mid-February.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And with regards to SSIT, it started at the high performance in the high end of the family and it addresses 2 portions. The first is with regards to capacity or density, and all of the high-capacity devices are implemented using SSIT. And in addition, we're going to use that technology for integrating our ultra high performance transceivers. And that will enable us to have, what we believe is transceiver performance which is second to none using that technology. So both fall into the high end of the product offering and they're both Virtex derivatives: one is high capacity; the other is high transceiver count and high transceiver performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: For the generation of product following the 28-nanometer technologies, are you going to stick with a similar design manufacturing plan? In other words, are you going to have a unified architecture manufactured on a single HPL-type technology with a single foundry?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So we obviously haven't announced what our plans are in that regard, but we are delighted with the benefits we've seen on the 28. And you can bet that we will continue to use similar methodologies as it makes sense. And we are in the midst of advanced definition and starting the implementation of those products. So it's a little too early to give away the recipe at this point in time, but it's going to be a wonderful product. We're very excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sandeep Shyamsukha with Auriga USA.
Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC, Research Division: For 40-, 45-nanometer, now that you have announced that it is more than 10% of your revenue, would you be able to estimate what sort of market share you expect this family to have once the family is completely mature? And also, if you can speculate or estimate when you expect to hit a similar milestone for your 28-nanometer family.
Jon A. Olson: From a 40, 45 share perspective, where our strengths have been is in the Spartan class of products where there really isn't significant competition for us, as we have said in the high volume category, we expect to start gaining share next year all across all high-volume products. From a balance perspective though, of 40, 45 together, since we did introduce our 40-nanometer products later than our competition, I think if you aggregate the whole thing, we're -- we'll be approximately 50%. From a 7 series 28-nanometer perspective, our 7 series product family, I really can't estimate right now when we'll be at 10%. One would think that we could get there sometime in the next fiscal year, but I'm not going to exactly say when. I'm not sure yet.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Brian Peterson - Raymond James: This is Brian Peterson filling in for Hans. Just a clarification on 28-nanometers. Could you guys discuss what percent of sales that was in the quarter and what the split was between Kintex and Virtex?
Jon A. Olson: So the most significant thing here, Brian, is the fact that we shipped for revenue to a very broad base of customers -- 50 customers and we shipped thousands of units. Really aren't disclosing anything specifically about the revenue number. I mean it was significant, but I mean, from a new product perspective, but it's not significant relative to the totality of our revenues. It's very early and the message for us has really been around the strength and the breadth of number of customers and across designs. From a product, individual product, there was certainly a higher percentage going to Kintex than Virtex because Kintex was the first part we taped out, the first part we sampled to customers. So Kintex was the leader, I'd say relatively significantly the leader in what we ship, but there's no doubt we ship significant numbers in revenue dollars of Virtex-7 products as well.
Rick Muscha: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, 8:00 p.m. Eastern time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter fiscal year '12 will be Wednesday, January 18 after the market close.  This quarter, we'll be participating in the CLSA Asia Forum in San Francisco on November 8 and the Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference on November 29 in Scottsdale. Lastly, please do save the date for our 2012 Analyst Meeting on February 15 in San Francisco. More details to follow. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Rick Muscha -  Moshe Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC Delos Elder Deepon Nag - Macquarie Research James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Ian Eigenbrod Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is David, and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx First Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Thank you. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We'll provide a financial and business review of the June quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It could be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website.  Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. During today's commentary, I will review our June quarter results. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the September quarter.  The Xilinx sales were $615.5 million in the June quarter, an increase of 5% sequentially. Sales were slightly better than guided due primarily to better than expected strength from Wired Communication, Industrial, Scientific and Medical and Data Processing applications. Wireless business on the other hand was weaker than anticipated due to non-PLD component constraints at a large customer following the Japan earthquake. Essentially, these constraints resulted in a push out of our PLD business to the September quarter. Offsetting the impact of the wireless push out were pull-ins from a few communications customers.  Gross margin was 63.7%, slightly lower than guided due primarily to product mix, which was impacted by stronger than expected growth from our Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families concurrent with declines from our Base and Mainstream Product families.  Operating expenses were $204 million, $2 million less than guided due to lower than expected acquisition expense and lower share-based expense. Operating margin was $188 million or 30.6% for the quarter.  New product sales increased 17% sequentially during the quarter, led by Virtex-6, Spartan-6 and Virtex-5 increases. Mainstream Products decreased 6% sequentially, and Base Products declined 5% sequentially.  Sales from all geographies about Europe increased sequentially. North America sales, which represented 30% of total sales, increased 14% sequentially driven by strength from communications and defense applications. Asia-Pacific sales represented 35% of total sales and increased 6% sequentially due primarily to increased sales to communications and industrial customers. Japan sales increased 18% sequentially, representing 9% of total sales with strength driven by industrial and test and measurement applications. European sales decreased 8% sequentially due primarily to declines from Wireless Communications, which I mentioned previously.  Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. With the exception of Wireless Communications and audio/video broadcast, all secondary end markets increased sequentially. Communications sales increased 1% sequentially to represent 45% of total sales. Strong wired sales during the quarter outpaced the decline in Wireless Communications sales. Strength in wired was driven by metro, access and enterprise networking applications.  Industrial and Other sales increased 11% sequentially to represent 34% of total sales with all secondary end markets increasing. Consumer Automotive sales were flat sequentially at 14% of sales with strengths from Automotive applications, offsetting declines from audio/video broadcast applications. Lastly, Data Processing sales increased 15% sequentially to represent 7% of total sales driven by increases from both storage and computing and Data Processing sales. Net income for the quarter was $154 million or $0.56 per diluted share. Other income and expense was a net expense of $7.8 million, in line with expectations.  Operating cash flow for the June quarter was $238 million before $14 million in capital expense. We paid $50 million in cash dividends and repurchased 1.9 million shares of stock for $65.7 million. The tax rate in the June quarter was 15%.  Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $180 million to $2.9 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $1.6 billion.  Days sales outstanding decreased 8 days in the June quarter to 36 days due to higher cash collections in the last week of the quarter. Combined inventory days in the September quarter were 117 days, down from 133 days in the prior quarter. From a days of inventory perspective, we have returned to our approximate target range inclusive of the build ahead associated with the closure of a legacy fab line.  Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the September quarter fiscal year '12. Our backlog heading into the quarter is slightly up. We are expecting to see exceptional strength from our Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families. From an end market perspective, we are expecting sales from communications to be flat to up with strengths from Wireless Communications associated the with LTE and India deployments, offset by declines from Wired Communications.  Industrial and Other is expected to decrease due primarily to test and measurement and Industrial, Scientific and Medical declines. Consumer and Automotive sales are expected to be flat sequentially. Lastly, coming off a very strong June quarter, Data Processing sales are expected to decrease sequentially. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be up 1% to down 3% sequentially with sales from Europe expected to increase, sales from Asia-Pacific expected to decrease and sales from North America and Japan expected to be approximately flat.  The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of 55%. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 63%. The primary contributor to the lower margin is the faster than anticipated ramp of Virtex-6 and Spartan-6. Sales for both products are currently ramping ahead of their predecessors at the same point of the product life cycle. We expect yields to improve measurably on these products over the next several quarters but to be offset somewhat by the aggressive introduction of our 7 series products. The net result is that we expect to be back to the low end of our corporate model of 64% to 66% by the December quarter. We remain committed to this model and anticipate gradual improvement over time as we drive yield improvements in these product lines.  Operating expenses in the September quarter are expected to be approximately $218 million with almost all of the increase occurring in research and development. The R&D increase will be primarily related to high mask and wafer costs associated with our 28-nanometer roll out. Inclusive in the increase is approximately $2 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and approximately $6 million of expense related to a recent workforce reduction that impacted the satellite office. We continue to be comfortable with the OpEx spending range we provided at our Analyst Meeting in March. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $7 million. The share count is expected to be 278 million shares. The tax rate for fiscal 2012 is expected to be approximately 14%. This is lower than the previous year estimate of 16% and driven by a forecasted change in the mix of geographic profit.  Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Our 5% increase in revenue in the June quarter was driven by the fact that 7 of our secondary end market segments grew sequentially by double digits. This very broad-based end market strength resulted in revenue growth that exceeded the high end of our revenue guidance and speaks to the continued displacement of ASICs and ASSPs by PLD.  In the June quarter, new product sales drove our growth with a 17% increase. A portion of this is attributable to our 65-nanometer Virtex-5 family to increase 15% during the quarter. This is driven by applications in wired and wireless communications, image processing and storage. This family remains the industry's largest FPGA family, in terms of quarterly sales with ongoing design win momentum well beyond initial projection. Notwithstanding the unparalleled success of Virtex-5 in the market, it's worth -- it is worth noting that cumulative sales of Virtex-6 actually surpassed the cumulative sales of the Virtex-5 family the same point in its life cycle. I'm very pleased this combined sales for our 40-nanometer Virtex-6, 45-nanometer Spartan-6 products grew by more than 40% and now represent nearly 10% of total company revenue. We expect these families to experience significant growth in the September quarter as well based on customer forecasts. We continue to see strong design win momentum in our 40, 45-nanometer family.  Virtex-6 family provides our customers with significantly lower power, lower costs and up to 12 gigabit per second transceivers. Spartan-6 family continues to be the only 40 and 45-nanometer low cost offering from major FPGA vendor enabling 40% lower power, 10% performance advantages with up to 3 gigabit per second integrated transceivers in a low cost device.  Our 28-nanometer product family roll out continues at an accelerated pace. Last month, we sampled the first device from our Virtex-7 product family. Coupled with Kintex-7, which was the industry's first 28-nanometer product which we sampled in the first calendar quarter of the year, we have now sampled members from 2 of our 428-nanometer product families and in addition, taped out the core technologies for a stacked silicon interconnect based offering.  We are also the first to deliver full year release 28-nanometer design software supporting all families. To enhance the design process, we recently released our ISE Design Suite 13.2 which provides increased design of productivity, proved quality of result for our 28-nanometer 7 series families, including the Virtex-7 2000T device, the industry's largest density FPGA both using stacked silicon interconnect technology. We are confident that by early 2012, we will be sampling members from our entire 28-nanometer family. The roll out of our 28-nanometer family continues to be the fastest next-generation product roll-out in our history. We are exceptionally pleased with the design win activity of our 28-nanometer family, which significantly exceeds previous generations at the same point of product introduction and currently represents several hundreds of millions of dollars.  Based on our leading customers' feedback I'm convinced that our 28-nanometer strategy most effectively addresses the 3 industry mandates: Scalability, optimization and integration. Scalability is enabled through our unified architecture which allows customers to gain their designs independent of FPGA family selection, reuse IP across the family.  A key element of optimization is enabled by our world-class technology partnership with TSMC, now proven with actual silicon that the usage of the TSMC HPL process delivers superior performance with the industry's lower power. Further, 7 series optimization is provided with industry-leading connectivity, DSP memory solutions, each of which is tailored for the unique needs of different end markets.  Finally, we've developed 3 leadership technologies for systems integration. First of these is the Zynq-7000 family. It's the first industry's extensible processing platform that integrates an ARM Cortex A9 processor-based system with a 28-nanometer low-power programmable logic.  With the Altix family, we offer high-volume customers superior performance and lower power with a significant bill of material cost savings through the integration of programmable mixed-signal function. Lastly, with our stacked silicon interconnect technology have a superior strategy for integrating multiple dye for 2x total capacity and bandwidth relative to all alternatives in the market.  I'm confident that Xilinx has clear technology leadership at the 28-nanometer node is the only venture currently addressing all 3 of the industry mandates; scalability, optimization and integration. We expect our innovative and differentiated product offering coupled with time to market leadership will enable us to accelerate our ASIC and ASSP share gains to gain future PLD share as well. The combination of the continued Virtex-5 design win strength beyond our initial projections, the rapidly accelerating 40, 45-nanometer momentum and now the fastest design win ramp in the history of the company with 7 series gives me tremendous confidence in the depth and breadth of our customer base and product portfolio. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Christopher Danely of JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You talked about gross margins bouncing back in the December quarter. Can you give us any sense of what we should think about OpEx in the December quarter and beyond? And then what, if anything, should we be thinking of normal seasonality for the December quarter?
Jon Olson: Yes, Chris. We are -- from an OpEx perspective, we're still sticking to the ranges -- full year ranges that we gave at the Analyst Day. The R&D number was $460 million to $475 million, and SG&A was $365 million to $375 million. Or it's probably attending towards the high end of those ranges. And so the -- it's hard for me to tie -- to be real precise on what's Q3 versus what's Q4 because of the alignment of the tape-out strategy, which has a lot of things sometimes towards the end of the quarter, so it might move from one quarter to the next quarter. But we're still confident we'll stay in those spending ranges that we gave. And with respect to seasonality, you know that I'm really bullish about the -- some of the segments, meaning, the Wireless segment, we still think is extremely strong and we think we've proven that our Industrial segment has a lot of legs and it's been -- grew 11% this last quarter and a lot of strength in the scientific and medical area as well as broad-based industrial. So from an end market perspective, I'm feeling pretty good about the second half of the year. But I don't think I want to venture giving a growth rate and with that little granularity for the second half.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Schneider of Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just returning to gross margins for a second. Given the strength you just mentioned, you saw that industrial -- I'm a little surprised that gross margins were that negatively impacted by the Virtex and Spartan-6 ramp in the quarter. Can you talk about the level of confidence you have in getting back to that 64% number in the December quarter? And what factors might swing that either way or might prevent you from getting that? Or, like, might provide the upside of that?
Jon Olson: Sure, Jim. If you think about the factors that I talked about, there were actually 2 areas. One is the strength -- relative strength that we had in Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 over our expectations. And I think our Spartan-6 family, it's very clear that we're pretty unabated with the competition in that particular area. And we've been really racking up design wins, so we expect that to take off very strongly. But the second factor was around a precipitous drop of both our base and mainstream sectors, which I think if you look back at history, we haven't had both those drop at that level of percentage all at once. And I think that was one of the bigger factors that is kind of resetting us for this past quarter. And then the current quarter, which is still impacted by the fact that we built ahead a little bit on some of the 6 series products because of what we thought was tightness in the boundaries. And so we're kind of flushing through that more expensive Virtex-6 inventory that we purchased. So then the confidence comes from 2 things: One is the volume levels that we're now putting through the boundaries so, therefore, we get cost improvements and defect actually declines, a. And then b, overall, we have a variety of our cost-reduction programs kicking in and contributing in a bigger way in the second half. And so that's why we believe that the second half will have very much stronger gross margins.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava of BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Jon, just following up on the margin. What caused the precipitous decline in both the mainstream and the base? And then my quick follow up was, is there any unusual pricing activity going on? It's for 2 just -- or coincidental more that both you and Altera have guided lower for the coming quarter as in the reported quarter?
Jon Olson: Yes. And so again, on the gross margin. The base and the mainstream, we declined more than we -- it's more than we had anticipated. Now some of that was contributed by the fact that there were some last time buys in the previous quarter, and we did some, I'll say, end of life of some older products, but then there was some additional downward mix. And there's no question that over time those 2 decay, and they have very high gross margins for us because they're very old products. But nonetheless, the applications that they're selling into are far from dead. So I think it was just a little bit of bigger impact than we thought for the last time buy in the previous quarter and then just a customer/product mix issue. Now with respect to the pricing competition, I really don't sense any stronger competition than normal, if you will, out there between the other FPGA supplier and us. I think we generally are -- it's an opportunistic thing for both of us where we bang heads and other places it's not a big deal. So I don't view this is as some sort of a decay of the segment from a profitability perspective on a long-term basis.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy of Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: First question, Jon. On the wireless commentary, you're expecting some growth coming up here in the September quarter. If you x out kind of the push out that you saw in Q2 at your large customer, I think in Europe, if you x that out, would you still grow the Wireless business? And then secondly, on the R&Ds that appears, just reactionary at all to any feedback that you've received on the current shipping Kintex- or Virtex-7 products?
Jon Olson: So on the wireless comment, if we didn't have strong European wireless sales, I suspect we would be a little bit down in the Wireless segment. So obviously, we're counting on that. And we've all -- and we made appropriate judgments there on that revenue account in that forecast. And the revenue coming out of that region is very significant for us. So it is important that those shipments happen in order for us to grow wireless. From an R&D perspective, no, there's really nothing in the dollars that's significant at all related to anything other than continuing our tape-out strategy or rapid roll-out of products. There isn't anything extra in there for any other reason.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sandeep Shyamsukha of Auriga USA.
Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC: Your competitor mentioned yesterday that they are not seeing any quotes from you on the high end of the 28-nanometer family. Given your comment that you're already sampling a high-end family you started sampling last month, could you give us some indication of the competitive level there in terms of -- have you won design wins at the high end also? Or your 28-nanometer design wins are more concentrated in the midrange of the family?
Moshe Gavrielov: So from our perspective, our midrange actually covers a lot of the high end, and our high end is actually higher end than their high. So we see a lot of activity there both on the Virtex side and on the high end of the Virtex side, which is the SSIT where there's a unique product, which actually has no competition. The 2000T and the 1500T are much larger than the monolithic dyes, which we have and anyone, any competitor has. So that's a place where we actually have no competition. The activity there is very high. It's driven by prototyping, by Wired Communications, by test and measurement equipment. All of these will typically stretch the edge of the envelope, and we're on schedule and we made the choice to address the midrange first and then within 2 months have the high end part out. It's out. It's working -- no, we're working on the tweaks that are necessary to bring it into production. We're very confident that we have a good footprint there.
Jon Olson: Yes, I will just point that in Moshe's remarks, he talked about several hundred millions of dollars of design wins. And a significant amount of that is Virtex family, Virtex-7 design wins. So it's not like that all those are related to Kintex by far. That's not true by far, Kintex was very strong in that accounting of things, but Virtex has also got significant numbers.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shawn Webster of Macquarie.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Research: It's Deepon for Shawn. I just have a question about order linearity to the quarter. And also, if you could talk about lead times, that'd be great.
Jon Olson: Yes. We were actually pretty linear this quarter, even more linear than maybe I've ever seen it. We've had turns other than maybe a big bubble towards the beginning of the quarter. Turns were extremely level and within the average tolerance level of the average turns number after the big bubble, so it was pretty interesting from that perspective. And then the second question was related to -- I'm sorry, I missed that?
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Research: Lead times, please?
Jon Olson: Oh, lead time -- oh to lead times. Yes, our lead times have all moved back to our stated goals which is to have 85% of our line items at 4 weeks or less, and we are at -- just at that level right now of 85%. And then there are -- if you go out to 6 weeks, then we actually cover up to like 90%, 95%. So we're in very good shape on lead times, even though our inventory is, on a days basis, has dropped quite a bit.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Hugh Orgy [ph] of UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Moshe, I just wanted to ask you about the wireless ramp we've talked about in the emerging markets in the past. Can you give us any update as to what you're seeing in China, particularly as we start start to talk about it transition now to TD-LTE and also any update on what happened with the next phase of TD-SCDMA, that's one. And then also, if you can touch on India, just to recall that this is one of the areas that we are expecting to see growth for the wireless infrastructure sites. Any update on those 2 markets will be helpful.
Moshe Gavrielov: So if you look at our Wireless business, there's tremendous strength in the end market in North America and there's tremendous strength in India. China is at a bit of a lull at this point and we expect it to grow somewhat. But most of the bounce we see at this point is driven by deployments in North America and India and less in China at this point.
Jon Olson: Yes, I think our best Q2, Hugh, in China was that sometime in this quarter that we're in, some orders could be let overall and then we'll start to see some ramps. So it's been -- I think it's been pushed out a little bit from at least what I think our expectations were a quarter ago in this call. I think I was a little more bullish on what would happen in the June quarter and, in fact, it's pushed out.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Brendan Furlong of Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC: I'm going to return to the gross margin question, if you're seeing potentially better yields on your selling down the inventory of the expense -- the more expensive product in the next coming quarter and industrial and comps continue to hold up, should we expect the more to the mid- high range of your gross margin guidance as we go into fiscal 2013?
Jon Olson: So yes. So our current statement is for the second half of this year be to the low end of the margin, and there's no doubt that we believe that we'll continue to work on that. And our goal is to operate 64% to 66%. It isn't just to be sitting at the bottom during the whole time. So I think there's a reasonable chance that based on the information we can see today is that we will be up at least in the midpart of that range in '13 based on what I see today.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Glen Yeung of Citi.
Delos Elder: This is Delos for Glen. you mentioned some acceleration of the design activity at 40- and 45-nanometer, I believe, on the Spartan product. Could you describe a little more about where you're seeing that activity? And is it enough to catch up in terms of market share at that node?
Moshe Gavrielov: So it's really broad, and we clearly, in terms of introducing the product, we're behind the competition on the high end. But on the Spartan side, we are the only guys who have a solution, and it's a very good solution. And between the 2 of those, those 2 together, we expect to, at that node over time, reach the 50% point. I think that's our target, which sort of clips the fact that we -- it isn't where we traditionally have been just due to the lateness, but we target is to get 50%. And we have a very strong product offering on the Virtex-6 side now, which is out. Transceivers are working. We're told that they are the best in the industry on the Virtex-6 side. They beat anything else that the competition may have in terms of the quality of the signals and the I, et cetera and the [indiscernible] of those characters. So we're seeing increased design win at the high end. And obviously, it's still up and running at the low end. That will continue for some period of time best we can tell.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda of Citadel Securities.
Ian Eigenbrod: This is Ian in for Sumit. Jon, I know you commented the backlog was up for the quarter, but were bookings also up?
Jon Olson: Yes, well, the fact that our backlog was up, that would indicate bookings were equal or greater actually than our billings for the quarter. So if you look at our book to bill, I think that's a reasonable conclusion to draw from that, yes.
Ian Eigenbrod: Okay, and then on the restructuring, did you quantify the timing or magnitude of any savings from that?
Jon Olson: So the reserve will all be taken in the September quarter because the employees all been informed of their status, so that will occur in that quarter. And we expect to be able to save on an annual basis $1 million to $2 million. Some of that gets put back into some headcount and low-cost geographies. But generally, there will be some help on the R&D line over time.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from Shawn Webster of Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Just quick follow-up. For the defense market, you mentioned in your previous remarks that was strong for you. Your competition actually pointed as a sign of weakness. And ethanol also came out today and about some push out of military orders. Have you seen anything of that effect? Or is this something different?
Jon Olson: No, I mean, I think certainly in the Defense business, there are designs that you win or designs that you win. We've continued to be able to grow our Defense business on an annual basis, and we're still very positive about that segment. We had a very strong quarter. We tend to have more strength towards the middle and the end of the calendar year because of the timing of things. And I would say we're pretty much on track, and I'll say seasonal from the standpoint of the Defense business in that area. So we're not seeing any pullback from any of the programs that we're associated with at this point in time. So everything's pretty much on track for us in the defense side of thing.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from Hugh Orgy [ph] of UBS.  [Technical difficulty]
Jon Olson: Or not.
Moshe Gavrielov: That's a bad signal.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions in queue at this time.
Jon Olson: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter fiscal year '12 will be Wednesday, October 9, after the market close. This quarter, we'll be presenting at the Deutsche Bank Securities 2011 Technology Conference in Las Vegas on September 13. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Rick Muscha -  Moshe Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kristen, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Muscha. Mr. Muscha, you may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially.  We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It could be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website.  Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. During today's commentary, I will review our March quarter and fiscal year 2011 business results. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the June quarter.  Fiscal year 2011 was a record year for Xilinx on a number of fronts. Sales of $2.4 billion increased 29% from fiscal year 2010 and were driven by strong double-digit sales increases across all of our end markets. Gross and operating margins also reached record levels of 65.4% and 33.6% in fiscal 2011, up from 63.4% and 23.6%, respectively, in the prior fiscal year. Improvements in our profitability were a direct result of sales growth as well as continued focus on efficiencies and cost reduction by the company.  During the fiscal year, Xilinx generated over $720 million in operating cash flow, up from $554 million in the previous year. We repurchased $469 million in stock and paid shareholders $169 million in dividends during the year. In this recent quarter, we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.03 per share to $0.19 per share, continuing our commitment of returning shareholder value. This strategy is a clear competitive differentiator.  During the March quarter, Xilinx sales were $587.9 million, an increase of 4% sequentially, outpacing the competition in capturing PLD market share. Gross margin was 65.3%, slightly higher than guided, due primarily to better-than-anticipated yields on Virtex-6.  Operating margin was $181 million or 30.8% for the quarter and up 16% from the same quarter of the prior year. Operating expenses were $202.9 million, $8 million more than guided due primarily to higher-than-expected legal expenses associated with patent defense activities, acquisitions and contributions to support the disaster in Japan.  New Product sales increased 10% sequentially during the quarter led by Virtex-5 increases. Mainstream Products increased 1% sequentially, and Base Products declined 5% sequentially.  European sales were particularly strong during the March quarter, increasing 40% sequentially to represent 30% of total sales. With the exception of consumer, all secondary end markets increased sequentially with Wireless Communications posting the largest incremental gain. Asia-Pacific sales decreased 5% sequentially to 35% of the total sales due primarily to decreases from wired and Wireless Communications. North America sales decreased 8% sequentially to 27% of sales driven primarily by Communications, defense and test and measurement declines. Lastly, sales from Japan declined 7% sequentially to 8% of total sales primarily related to declines from Communications and Consumer.  With regards to the recent tragedy in Japan, we are very thankful that all of our employees are safe. From a business perspective, the impact was immaterial to the guidance we provided at the beginning of the March quarter. We believe that we have sufficient inventory in place to minimize near-term disruptions to the supply chain. In addition, we have qualified additional suppliers as necessary and we'll continue to carefully manage customer demand to help mitigate future disruption.  Let me now turn to a discussion of end markets. Communication sales increased 8% sequentially to represent 47% of total sales. Strong wireless sales during the quarter significantly outpaced a slight decline in Wired Communications sales. Industrial and other sales decreased 1% for the quarter to represent 32% of sales driven by defense and test and measurement while Industrial/Scientific/Medical increased sequentially. Consumer and Automotive sales also declined 1% sequentially to 14% of total sales due to declines in Consumer that were nearly offset by sales increases from Automotive and audio/video broadcast. Lastly, Data Processing increased 12% sequentially to represent 7% of total sales driven by increases from both storage and computing and Data Processing.  Net income for the quarter was $160 million or $0.59 per diluted share. As a reminder, this amount included $6 million or $0.02 per diluted share impact for previously announced restructuring charges covering a variety of actions associated with continued realignment of resources and driving overall efficiency. Additionally, included in Q4 net income was an investment impairment of $5.9 million or approximately $0.02 per diluted share related to an equity investment. Other income and expense was a net expense of $6.5 million and lower than anticipated due to higher than expected interest income, a hedging gain and a realized capital gain from our investment portfolio.  Finally, tax expense was lower than expected primarily due to a change in the non-U.S. investment profile of the company. As our investment levels have increased outside the United States on a relative basis, the result is an overall lowering of the tax reported on our financial statements. The impact to EPS of the tax change for the full year of fiscal year '11 was reflected in Q4 net income and was approximately $0.10 per diluted share. The impact of this change will carry through to our fiscal year '12 tax rate estimate which will be stated later.  Operating cash flows for the March quarter was $245 million before $17 million in CapEx. We paid $42 million in cash dividends. The tax rate in the March quarter was 5.2%, lower than expected due to the previously mentioned decrease in tax expense.  Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $268 million to $2.7 billion. We have approximately $1.3 billion in convertible debt and our net cash position is approximately $1.4 billion. Days sales outstanding decreased to 15 days in the March quarter to 44 days as expected. This is in line with our corporate target of 45 days and a result of the cessation of extended credit terms with our primary distributor. Combined inventory days in the March quarter were 133, up from 130 days in the prior quarter and slightly higher than anticipated. In the June quarter, we expect inventory days to be approximately 120 to 130 days.  Let me now turn to the discussion of guidance for the June quarter fiscal year '12. Our backlog heading into the quarter is slightly down. We are expecting to see continued strength from Virtex-5 as well as strong growth from our new Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families. From an end market perspective, we are expecting sales from Communications to be up driven by strength in Wireless Communications associated with LTE and phase 5 of China mobile deployments.  Industrial and other is expected to increase driven by Defense applications. Consumer and Automotive is expected to decline sequentially due to decreases from audio/video broadcast and consumer while Automotive sales increase. Lastly, Data Processing is expected to increase driven primarily by high-performance computing applications. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be flat to up 4% sequentially, with sales from Japan and APAC flat to down and sales from Europe and U.S. increasing.  The mid-point of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 56%. This is higher than the 53% in the March quarter, what we believe it is appropriately supported by forecast from our major customers. Gross margin is expected to be between 64% and 65%. The primary contributors to the slightly lower margins are product mix and higher costs associated with the ramp of the new products.  Operating expenses in the June quarter expected to be approximately $206 million, including approximately $2 million in amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. Research and development will increase consistent with the 28-nanometer product rollout, and SG&A will be higher than historic levels primarily due to legal expenses associated with ongoing patent litigation.  We expect slightly elevated legal spending to continue but we do not believe that will have a significant impact on our full year spending estimates. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $8 million. The share count is expected to be 274 million shares. The tax rate for fiscal 2012 is expected to be approximately 16%.  Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Our 4% sequential increase in revenue in the March quarter caps an outstanding fiscal 2011 in which sales increased by 29% to $2.4 billion. According to iSuppli, ASICs and ASSPs grew 8% and 16%, respectively, during the 2010 period, which means Xilinx sales grew more than 3x the rates of the ASIC market, nearly twice the rate of the ASSP market. This type of growth clearly speaks to the programmable imperative that the need for lower-cost design, increased flexibility on making FPGAs a preferred alternative to ASICs and ASSPs. My only disappointment for the year is our decline in PLD market share. We've been working for multiple years on the plan to regain this market share with clear technology leadership and are executing to plan.  The March quarter, New Product sales drove our growth with a double-digit percentage increase. Combined sales for our 40-nanometer Virtex-6 and 45-nanometer Spartan-6 products for fiscal 2011 was approximately 50% higher than our initial plan. We continue to have the industry's only 45-nanometer high-volume FPGA family with embedded transceivers and we are gaining broad acceptance with this product family in all of our end markets. Additionally, sales from our 65-nanometer Virtex-5 family increased more than 20% sequentially presenting more in quarterly sales than any other PLD family in history.  We made 2 key product announcements in the March quarter to enhance our 28-nanometer leadership position. We announced the Zynq-7000 family, the industry's first Extensible Processing Platform, which tightly integrates complete ARM Cortex-A9 processor-based system with 28-nanometer, low-power programmable logic. With what we believe to be at least a full year lead over the competition in accelerated design win ramp, we expect to drive incremental market opportunities in areas such as video surveillance, automotive driver assistance, factory automation, audio/video broadcast.  On March 18, we also shipped the industry's first 28-nanometer product, the Kintex-7 K325T, mid-range FPGA. Kintex-7 FPGAs are designed to provide optimal price performance at the lowest power to meet requirements for key applications. We anticipate having a 20% performance towards competitive advantage coupled with at least a 9-month time to market advantage over our competition.  Already, we have won key designs in a variety of applications including video processing, optical networking, wireless communications and avionics. This family is winning against ASICs, ASSPs and the PLD competition.  In addition to delivering Kintex product to customers in the March quarter, we taped out our first Virtex-7 device. We expect to ship product samples to customers in the June quarter. We anticipate sampling members of our entire 7-series FPGA product family by the end of this calendar year. As stated, the rollout of our 28-nanometer family promises to be the fastest next-generation product rollout in our history. This is enabled by the unified architecture, which is shared across the 7-series. The unified architecture also benefits customers by enabling them to begin FPGA development using any product family for designs that may ultimately migrate to any other family.  Numerous designs are underway today in our 7-series FPGA product family, presenting hundreds of millions of dollars in design wins. 28-nanometer success would not have been achieved without the exemplary technology partnership and collaboration with TSMC. TSMC's HPL process is optimized for performance and power has provided us a significant time-to-market advantage. In addition, this collaboration has enabled us to extend our technology leadership by recently taping out the industry's first stacked silicon interconnect product. This innovation is game changing as it allows us to introduce a 2 million logic cell device on 28-nanometer, effectively, a full-process node ahead and representing a 2x density advantage over any competition.  Additionally, our stacked silicon interconnect technology enables a superior integration approach for the highest quality 28 gigabit per second transceivers unmatched by anything. Finally, this technology allows us to ramp complex parts faster with superior defect densities and associated cost advantages.  In summary, I'm very pleased with our financial performance and the successful production of our 7-series FPGA product family. Xilinx was the first PLD company to tape-out the 28-nanometer product, the first to deliver silicon to multiple customers and the first and only company to demonstrate working silicon at the recent NAB Conference and the Globalpress Summit. Our clear technology leadership of 28-nanometer and game changing product strategy will make fiscal 2012 an exciting year.  Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Thanks for taking my question. Jon, can you go to a little bit more detail about the backlog being down in the quarter, just if there is something specific that drove that or just normal course of business? And then given that your turn requirements are up slightly for the June quarter, what your sense is of visibility, was there something -- is there something there that's going on or is it again just something in the normal course of business?
Jon Olson: Sure, Glen. It's actually not that much of a dollar amount or percentage amount lower, it was just slightly lower so first let me just characterize it as actually kind of minor. But the thing that -- there's a couple of things that I can point to you. I mean, first, the Japan earthquake hit about, I guess that's the second week of March in that time frame. And during that time period there was a lot of confusion around supply and a lot of things written about BT resin and all those kinds of things that are important to us. And 1 of the things we decided to do was to not schedule orders for a time period of around 10 days. We accepted orders but we didn't really schedule them out. And that caused some disruption in terms of people not sure whether they could place orders and not orders and what the story was going on. So because it's such a really minor amount, when you look at the distribution of where end markets of where that backlog is, it's pretty typical to what we run. So there really isn't anything that really stands out in the whole process, and I would just say it's not that big of an issue. What's more important to us is our large customer forecast and the growth rate with which some of our larger customers are growing this next quarter and taking on products. So that's why we feel pretty confident that the growth is really there because again of our outsider top 20 customers in terms of their forecast to us of how good business is overall.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: And then maybe the second question. In the quarter, you printed 47% of your business as being from Communications. When you think forward, I guess in 2 timeframes, 1 in the second half and then 1 next year, how do you think Communications looks as a percentage of your business?
Jon Olson: I think it still -- it maintains itself somewhere in the 45% to 50% range but 47%, plus or minus, 1 or 2 on either side, it jumped up because of a very strong wireless business. I think we are going into another solid year for wireless. And we do think we're making some gains in the wired side as well. So we're pretty bullish on -- overall on it. But again the industrial category's also growing very rapidly. It grew at a higher percentage full year on full year than even Communications did, that's still a very strong growth area for us.
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. How important is incumbency at a particular node to leadership by the next node. For instance, it's widely believed that your competitor has a larger share at 40-nanometer. What does that say in reality about your ability to regain that share at 28-nanometer?
Moshe Gavrielov: So basically, incumbency has some value and better product earlier has more value.
Jon Olson: Yes, I think, Vivek, if you think about it at a Virtex-5 or 65-nanometer level, we have the -- a very, very high percentage of the business. And that's we're obviously seeing that strength in our numbers. And we had incumbencies. So how much does that matter when the competition came with their product earlier. So it really kind of depends on, as Moshe said, being first. But there is some value in incumbency just because of whose IP that might be used, et cetera, and those things are more sticky. So it's not to say there aren't sticky pockets but being there first, it seems to mean a lot more by actual example of history.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. And just 1 other quick one, Jon or Moshe, either one. You described the strength in Communications. How do you think we should think about the overall year in terms of sales growth for you?
Jon Olson: Well we're not giving a full year top-line growth because, again, if you look at history, we're not very good at forecasting individual years but more on trends, which is why we gave a 5-year CAGR in our analyst day in the 8% to 12% range overall. Coming off a very, very strong year that we had in this industry, I don't think we're going to end up with anywhere near 29% again but we are pretty bullish on the penetration of programmable logic, and we certainly are planning on growth this year.
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Moshe, a question on the 28-nanometer. Now that you have an offering in the mid-range, could you just help us understand what are the relative sizes of the 3 segments, high end, mid-end, as well as the low end? And does that change with 28? And I have a follow-up as well.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, generally speaking, what we're seeing is now if you break the overall FPGA market down into the traditional high end and high volume, it was 2/3 high end and 1/3 high volume. Now there are 2 things that are happening. First and foremost, there absolutely is tremendous growth where FPGAs are replacing ASICs, and that is happening at the high end of the market fastest. And so that's expanding the high end. In addition, as you move from generation to generation forward, there's just an expansion of the markets that can be addressed, which are more cost sensitive and they are higher volume based. If you look at all of that, finally, after several years, it has been demonstrated and hopefully everyone is a believer in the fact that the FPGA market is growing overall. It's not stuck at the $3 billion level. And the numbers prove that it's looking more like $5 billion and growing to a much larger potential serviceable market in the next few years. And as such, there is room to partition it into more categories. And I would say that there's in my mind, actually, 4 major categories: there's the very low end, low power; there's the low end; there's the mid-range; and then there's the high end. If you break it into those 4 categories, then we actually believe that the fastest growing market is in the mid-range. And that even though that's still isn't a large market, it's the market which is growing potentially fastest. And that's why we felt a need to target it earlier. If you look at breaking it down in terms of percentage points, then the very low end is probably 5% of the market. It's a small part of it. The low end is probably approaching 30%, the mid-range is 30% and the high end is 40%. And okay, that's more than 100% so you need to sort of round some of those down. I just realized my math is fluid here. Sorry, but I'm just the CEO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then my -- that is helpful, Moshe. And then my follow-up is on the embedded segment. You guys are -- with your stacked approach and you're talking about design wins, what -- the embedded market is huge, what kind of revenue opportunity you are seeing and what kind of time frame should we think as we look out in '12 and when you will start to have some meaningful revenues?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay, so you're right. It's actually an enormous market of tens of billions of dollars. And we're focused on a sub-set of that market. And the parts, which potentially is in the billions of dollars in terms of serviceable market but it'll take more than 1 generation of product to address that, and this is a market where there's a need for a high-performance or a mid-range microprocessor, tightly knit in order to do streaming applications with an FPGA fabric. The part is on schedule. We expect to tape it out this year, to deliver samples to customers this year and for it to move into production in the second half of 2012 most likely, and then the revenue will start happening in 2013 and 2014. We already do have customers who are designing for this product. And we have an emulation platform, which actually has several key customers who are doing designs because they need to develop software on this product ahead of availability of silicon. And so we expect the ramp up to be significant in calendar 2013. Anything before that is unlikely to be something you guys would worry about.
Jon Olson: Yes, we definitely will have revenue in calendar '12. But as Moshe says, it's not going to be -- it's not going to show up in a way and just say, "Oh, the game changer is realizing itself." But it's coming and the design wins are pretty solid even early on.
Operator: Our next question is from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. Just with respect to the guidance if I got it right, I think you were guiding all of your end markets to be up except for the Consumer Automotive market. So you can help me square that with the guidance of flat to up 4% and why it may not be a little bit more than that? Is it just conservatism or something else?
Jon Olson: Well, I mean I realize that all this end markets -- if all of them grew 0% to 4%, I guess, they would -- proportionately, that will be the case that they'll all be up. So we are -- we do believe that there's a -- for example, let's take defense, which is part of our Industrial category, there is generally a low point for us and then we bounce back with individual designs. So that may or may not be up even a slightly higher than an average. And we do think Wireless will be up at the high end of that range, and everything else is, I think, is pretty much in the mid-to-lower end of that range.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, fair enough. That's very helpful. And then with respect to what wireline telecom and networking did in the quarter, you didn't mention that, did that decline in the quarter? And what do you expect for that in the upcoming quarter, please?
Jon Olson: Yes, it was somewhere in my conversation. It did decline very slightly, wireline, and which for us is wire plus networking together, is that it was down just a little bit. And we do expect that to increase in the next quarter.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. And just one follow-up, are you seeing any kind of spending priority changes from either the carriers or enterprise in terms of more of a shift towards wireline going forward?
Jon Olson: No, I don't think so. I mean, we're seeing positive trends, very positive trends in wireless and reasonably positive trends in our network and wired business. I'm not sure I understand your question, maybe I'm not...
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess -- I'm sorry, I guess I should have been clear. What I meant is wireless has been strong for a very, very long time while wireline has lagged a little bit. So I'm wondering if you think carriers or other people are going to sort of shift back that spending priority for backhaul or other applications going forward?
Jon Olson: I see. Yes, I mean I think there's also -- there's always also competitive things going on amongst our customers since we do serve everybody. So sometimes it's a little hard to ferret out what is who's taking a share and in what proportion. But I do think we feel like the backhaul business generally has been strong. And for the most part, we've seen IT spending being pretty robust overall, and that's helping drive switches as well as some other -- some carrier backhaul improvement.
Operator: Our next question is from Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: On the inventory side, it popped up a bit. In the March quarter, you expect it to come down. What is the optimal split going forward would you say between the inventory held on at Xilinx as well as your channel? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Jon Olson: Yes. So the inventory is up. And we do expect it to come down, and we want to manage it down. Just to remind everyone that we are building up inventory because of a foundry line that is being closed on an older product family that we have announced end-of-life buying request to our customers. And later on this year, those forecast will be solidified and we'll start to ship some of that product out. So we are every quarter building up for some build ahead for older products that will become end-of-life. But even taking that off, off the table, our base inventory has grown, maybe a little more than we'd like because of things like what happened in Japan and our concern about certain supply chain we've allowed to flutter up. But again, I really want to make sure that we manage that down in the coming quarters. With respect to the balance between distribution and what Xilinx owns, we're pretty good in this low 20 days or less kind of a number that distribution has. We've been able to service through our -- customers through our distribution partner without having them hold excessive amounts of inventory. And we've been doing a pretty good job of that. So we think it's pretty -- keeping them lean is just fine, and they seem to be very pleased with the customer service level.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then sticking with the inventory thread, can you give us some color on channel and OEM inventories from your standpoint? Are there any end markets or application areas that look particularly lean or have probably a little bit too much right now? And then on SG&A, since you're sticking with your full year guidance, should we expect that to come down in the next several quarters? Thank you.
Jon Olson: So from a channel perspective, a lot of our big customers are now through VMI arrangement of various types. So we're getting -- from our view from them, we're getting very direct pulls when they're building products. And our sense is that nobody is warehousing. Of note, certainly, the communication side is warehousing lots of product either at a component level or their end level. In other words, their demands seem to be pretty good because their pulls seem to be quite regular and that's really a good way of managing or viewing those kinds of things. In terms of any end markets where we see things are lean, I don't think so. I think the whole, I'll say the bounce back and the recovery from the last 8 quarters or whatever, I think things are back to more normal. I'd characterize it more normal in terms of flow and inventory. And then on SG&A, ER SG&A will be up. It will start to trend down. Hopefully, we'll get through some of these issues around our defense of patent trolls and things like that which are causing a little bit of the gap. From a profile perspective, it's popping up and it should gradually come back down throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Thanks so much. I was wondering, Moshe or Jon, if you could give some sense about given that you've seen growth in March and you see growth again in June, how are you guys feeling about the year? Do you think that you're returning to an environment where you may be able to see some steady sequential growth? Or what are the broadest puts and takes on that overall?
Jon Olson: Yes, let me take a round at that. So I do believe we will grow this next year. So we do believe that not just the strength of existing traditional FPGA designs but the fact that we are penetrating ASIC and ASSP at a more rapid rate, we're getting a lot of very positive signs out there from our customers. And the fact that we grew in the March quarter and it grew and we're forecasting we'll grow again in the June quarter and the relative strength of our backlog and large customer signals, we're feeling pretty good over all about growth and hopefully not sitting at some new plateau or whatever as we sat there for $1.8 billion for a number of years. It feels good. It feels very solid pending any macroeconomic whatever that goes on.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, and it's sort of driven by the fact that regardless of macroeconomic trends and you can factor them in however you want, we are -- by moving forward to more advanced technologies, we're servicing larger markets. And that's sort of by far the biggest trend which is driving our business. Today, you can do with FPGAs amazing things in the whole host of applications, and that is by far the biggest secular driver. When you sort of build that on top of the macroeconomic trends then you can appreciate that sometimes it can be muted but generally, as long as we can continue to move forward, we can address more markets than we ever have before. ASICs are less viable, ASSPs continue to be very viable but due to the expense of the design, they're only valid for high-volume applications. And that's generally the picture as we see it. And with 28-nanometer, which is going to be deployed broadly this year and next, you can basically do away with anything up to and including the 90-nanometer node in alternatives. You can design it very effectively than FPGA, that's sort of the growing market.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: With respect to that, you have said in the past that you thought your share overall for growth may begin to stabilize as you go into the second half of the calendar year. Is that still the case? And obviously, last night, the compactor [ph] was inferring that you're strong in the mid-range in 28, but did they sustain leadership in the high and low end? If you could give some color as to why that may or may not be the case. And possibly all say kind of what does the stacked silicon thing really do for you, that will be very helpful. That's it.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. First and foremost, the 40- and 45-nanometer, even though they have grown quicker than we had expected, they're not yet significant. And where we have in the past lost market share is in the low end, and the 45-nanometer Spartan-6 is in our mind the ultimate solution for turning that around. That will likely start to be visible in the second half of the year. Overall, we had the issue on 40-nanometer where we came out late vis-à-vis the competition in the high end. Between the Kintex and the Virtex, both being -- earlier with the Kintex and actually having a superior product offering, which on the Virtex side, we believe that when that moves into production, which that starts in 2013 -- sorry, 2012, when that moves into production and there's a delay until it's significant, that sort of will enable the market share to change. If you look at other elements and think it's something that we believe we a huge time advantage over any competition, something we've been working on for several years, and we expect that to again, given the previous question start being significant in terms of revenue in the 2013 timeframe. So those are the 3 elements: Spartan-6, second half of this year; the 28-nanometer starts being significant in terms of revenues; and it moves into production in 2012 and become significant revenue in 2013.
Jon Olson: I think, one other comment on that, you made this comment, and Moshe made a comment earlier about how the mid-range is expanding at a much more rapid rate and part of is what he talked about in his remarks about the ability of the HPL process to scale power and performance in a way that really broadens that in a different way than the mid-range has ever been talked about in the past. So it's not even -- I don't think it's even valid to compare it to the previous mid-range. It's actually a different class of product in a lot of different ways. And that, I think -- we've been trying to explain this by the mounting design wins we received already on this product and this is really going to be a pretty significant driver of revenue for this company.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Thank you. Jon, just a clarification on the OpEx. Given the increase in the first quarter and also in Q4, did you say that you still expect to reach your target that you gave us at the analyst day, I believe that was 14% growth year-on-year?
Jon Olson: Yes, overall, I gave a range and I'm not going to say where I'm going to be in that range in total but we still believe we'll be in the range for the year. And the biggest -- R&D profile is pretty much as we -- as the underlying numbers that supported that range for R&D. SG&A is taking off at a much higher rate than I anticipated because of some of these pseudo-onetime things going on. I would say pseudo onetime because we have few quarters of elevated legal expense. But we do think we're going to be able to with other efficiencies in the company to have the SG&A come back down on a quarterly run rate and still stay within that range.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay, great. And then on the Wireless segment. Obviously, you're seeing pretty solid strength there. I'm just wondering what kind of visibility do you have into the next few quarters to see if this trend is going to continue. It looks like the strength is coming from the Western markets. And you also mentioned that China, something about China phase 5, I'm just wondering how big that opportunity is versus what we saw in phase 4? Thank you.
Jon Olson: The phase 5 thing, I really don't have good information on how big it is. It is -- it will be somewhat significant, I think. And I think that's positive, and we're getting some signs that, that is beginning this quarter, which is the current quarter we're coming into, we're in right now. And that's why we mentioned it. It is true that the U.S. market as well as India is driving, but primarily the U.S. market is driving a big upswing for us. We feel pretty good about the first half of the year in terms of visibility. The second half of the year, visibility isn't nearly as good. And we're working very closely with our customers to make sure we have the right product for them. So I would say, there's pretty good visibility in the first half and we still got away to see a little bit for the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christopher Danely with JPMorgan Chase.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thanks, guys. I guess just a quick follow-up on the OpEx/model. So you're sticking to your SG&A and R&D targets for this year. Does that imply that R&D could be down on an absolute basis for next year as well as SG&A? And then also if you could comment on the trajectory of gross margins, they've been down the last couple of quarters. It looks like we're at the lower end of the range. Do you expect that to hold for the rest of the year?
Jon Olson: On OpEx Chris, the diagram I was showing at the analyst day implied that overall, R&D would go down in our fiscal '13 on the basis of a lower mass cost, not that our base in the number of employees and that spending would necessarily go down. That probably still trends up a little bit. But because of the very large increase in mass cost in this fiscal year, because of so many tape-outs that we're able to do so rapidly, that was driving it. And there's nothing changed from what we said in the analyst day on that at this point in time. So I still feel that way. SG&A, I didn't really make any comments about fiscal year '13, and so typically SG&A for us has been relatively stable, a very slight upward trend. I wouldn't expect it to be that much different on a go-forward basis. Gross margin -- yes, gross margin for this next quarter is trending a little bit lower. There are definitely costs associated with the fact that we're starting up new products and we have a large inventory balance that we've built up and does have cost decline impacts to it. Again, we still think we'll be in the range for the full year. So with whatever, will we trend to the bottom end of that range? I'm sure as heck going to try to make that not happen. And we'll see how the second half turns out. We got a lot of energy around here to keep our margin up, and we're working very hard to do that.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great. And as my follow-up, I guess, could you guys just sort of give us your take on how much of a lead do you think you have at 28 versus the competition? And then maybe give us a synopsis of what the rollout schedule has been, you versus them, so far, and then what you expect the rollout schedule competitively to be, you versus them, for the rest of the year?
Moshe Gavrielov: So, we have limited visibility into their actual plans or no visibility into their actual plans. But the best we can tell based on feedback we get from our customers is we're 9 months ahead on the Kintex side, neck-on-neck on the Virtex side and we've taped that one out. So yes, they taped out the first version ahead of us but we are just around the corner on that. We expect to have the Artix, which is the higher volume, lower cost, low power version, ahead of them. And we believe that we are likely to be a year ahead on the Zynq front, which has the embedded core. One of the reasons that you're seeing this huge investment in masked sets is once you have the time advantage, you really want to exploit it. And that's why we're driving forward aggressively to exploit that position.
Jon Olson: I think, there's another thing to look at, Chris, is the maturity of the software. And we have -- all of our product families instantiated in our software for some time now. And I actually don't know today what the status for our competition is but for the longest time, they only had their Stratix, they didn't have the rest of their product families available. I don't really know what the status of that is today. So I think we have a bit of a softer lead. But the second thing that's even more important is this unified architecture. This allows people and this is what our customers have been asking us is how do you implement something in your software and be able to scale it to different devices as we change our mind. And because we have -- what device we need to have is the ultimate production device and because we have all our devices defined in the software, it allows those customers to with confident pick our product family and know that they're going to be supported. And that is something that I believe is unparalleled out there than anybody in any of the competition. So I think that is an additional first mover advantage in addition to what Moshe had talked about.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Thanks for letting me ask a question. Jon, maybe another way to ask the sustainability on the Wireless business question. Can you help me understand how much of your business today in Wireless you think is 3G versus LTE deployment? And what happens to kind of your revenue opportunity as you mix from 3G to LTE and maybe differentiate between developed markets and developing markets there?
Jon Olson: Actually, I don't think I have all that data available. I mean our content is certainly more at LTE than it is in 3G, and we've talked about that being kind of 1.5 multiplier in terms of content for us meaning the LTE is higher. It's actually because our customers in some cases don't actually tell us with the 3G and LTE sometime because they have system level products, they can do either depending on how they populate it is actually somewhat difficult. But I do believe that of the growth rate of the last couple of quarters for us, a greater than 50% has been driven by the LTE North America aspect. And that's kind of a combination of that business getting stronger and the China phase 4 ending, which is clearly a 3G capability. I think that's about the best I can do on that in the absence of doing a whole lot more data mining.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Jon, just to be clear, you said 50% of the growth you think over the last few quarters was LTE-developed?
Jon Olson: In our Wireless sub-segment I believe is LTE meaning North America deployments for Verizon and AT&T. They call some of these things 4G and they're using LTE. I'm not going -- whether it's 3.5G or 4G, I don't want to get into all that. But I believe it's the LTE platforms that they're -- from our customers that they're using.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: As my follow-up, Moshe, you talked about the 28-nanometer, the opportunity for this to kind of be the fastest node ramp in company history. Can you help me understand when we should start to think about maybe the $100 million in revenue milestone? And when you think about this as being the fast potential ramp, is this because you do fundamentally believe at 28, the ASIC, ASSP replacement storage starts to accelerate?
Moshe Gavrielov: So I absolutely am convinced that it starts to accelerate. We're hearing our customers are doing less and less ASICs. That's a trend that started several generations ago. By now the ASICs are really few and far between. At 28-nanometer you can obviate the need for ASICs except for ultra high-volume applications, and there are very few of those. You're seeing less customers start those. If you look at what is happening, this is sort of traditionally been a trend in FPGA. If you think about the FPGAs 15 years ago, they used to be used predominantly for glue logic on the board. And if you looked at the board at that time, there was a big set of SRAMs on them from very good companies who were SRAM companies. Today, that businesses does not exist. Guess where those SRAMs are. It's not standard products. They've been swallowed by FPGAs. After that, the same thing happened with DSP capabilities, with embedded controllers and with transceivers. So we are grabbing a larger portion of the silicon real estate. With this new generation, we can continue to move forward. And to some extent, if you look at the 28-gigahertz transceivers, which we have announced and we've demonstrated already, those are almost impossible to find in anything except the most advanced ASICs. But because you can't afford to do the most advanced ASICs, my belief is that, that will accelerate the transition and will consume the ASIC space even faster. Now with regards to when we expect the 28-nanometer to reach $100 million, if you look at the prediction we gave for the 40- and 45-nanometer, we gave a certain prediction, we actually hit the $100 million accumulated on that 1 quarter ahead, and I think that was -- originally, it was 5 quarters from the introduction and it happened 4 quarters from the introduction. Here, I think, it could happen faster than that by an additional quarter and that sort of accelerates from that point on.
Operator: Final question will come from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thank you very much. So when you gave your guidance, your June guidance, does that assume any demand suppression in Japan that might rebound at some later point?
Jon Olson: No. There are certainly issues with the Japanese customers meaning they're not all online and in production. But I don't think this is a situation when there's going to be some sort of pent-up demand that's all of a sudden going to get released in Japan. We're -- forecast from I would say our normal run rate are off single-digit million kind of a dollar number, not that significant, quite frankly.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Right. Thanks. And on the 28-nanometer, you have several product lines. Do you expect roughly the same gross margin for each of them? And how do cost of 28-nanometers compare to your prior generations given that you are using a different foundry?
Jon Olson: We do expect gross margins to still, in the aggregate, still be in our business model. I don't see there's anything different about that. And our experience with the new foundry is low at this point in time, but what we've seen is quite positive and yields coming through quite well. We are expecting kind of a relative basis to the previous generation, some improvements in yields and the overall cost structure.
Rick Muscha: Well, thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time, today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal year '12 will be Wednesday, July 20, after the market close. These completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-01-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Rick Muscha -  Moshe Gavrielov - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG Sukhi Nagesh - Deutsche Bank AG Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kristen, and I will be your conference operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Muscha. Thank you. You may begin your conference.
Rick Muscha: Thank you, and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the December quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website.  Let me now turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Rick. During today's commentary, I will review our December quarter business results. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the March quarter. December quarter sales decreased 8% sequentially to $567 million, in line with the revised guidance we published on December 21. Turns business for the quarter was 44%, down from 48% in the prior quarter. Gross margin of 65.7% was slightly higher than guided, primarily due to proactive cost reduction efforts at the company as well as more favorable product and customer mix. This is up from 64.1% in the same quarter of the prior year and represents the fifth consecutive quarter of improvement. Operating expenses of $189 million were inclusive of $4 million in restructuring charges and were slightly lower than guided due primarily to lower variable expense associated with lower sales. Operating income was $184 million or 32.4% of sales in the December quarter. This is up from 26.6% in the same quarter of the prior year. This operating income performance represents a year-over-year increase of 34%, over 3x the rate of sales increase during the same period. This speaks to the aggressive cost reduction efforts and spending discipline undertaken by the company over the past year. New product sales decreased 10% sequentially in the December quarter to 43% of sales, driven primarily by Wireless Communications sales declines for Virtex-5. Sales from mainstream and base products both declined sequentially. Sales from all geographies declined sequentially during the quarter. European sales were down 22% sequentially, driven primarily by declines from Wireless Communications. But Wired Communications, audio/video broadcast and test and measurement were also weaker than expected.  North American sales declined 7% due to declines in most end markets. Asia-Pacific sales were down 1% sequentially as Wireless sales decreases were partially offset by increases in Wired Communications and Industrial. Sales to Japan decreased 3% sequentially with increases from Communications, offset by Industrial and Consumer applications.  From an end market perspective, Communications sales decreased 14% sequentially, driven almost entirely by Wireless Communications. Industrial and other sales decreased 2% sequentially as increases in Defense sales were offset by decreases in test and measurement and Industrial/Scientific/Medical. Consumer and Automotive sales decreased 6% sequentially due to declines from Consumer and audio/video broadcast, while Automotive increased sequentially. Data Processing sales were down as expected during the quarter with declines coming from computer and Data Processing and Storage applications. Net income for the quarter was $152 million or $0.58 per diluted share. Other income and expense was a net expense of $3 million. This is better than the $9 million net expense that we had forecasted, primarily due to the settlement of a previously written off investment and other investment gains. Operating cash flow for December quarter was $333 million before $15 million in CapEx, the highest quarterly operating cash flow figure Xilinx has ever reported. As we discussed with you during the October earnings call, we temporarily extended credit terms to our primary distribution partner in exchange for a significant increase in technical selling resources designed to broaden the reach to customers worldwide. The impact to Xilinx was a significant increase in receivables in the September quarter, which negatively impacted our cash flow. As we begin to return to historic credit terms, we will begin to experience a positive impact to cash flow stemming from a reduction in receivables as we did in the December quarter. We now expect the fiscal year '11 operating cash flow to exceed $650 million. During the quarter, Xilinx repurchased 106,000 shares for $2.6 million. We also paid $41 million in cash dividends. The tax rate in the December quarter was 16%, lower than guided primarily due to the recent extension of the R&D tax credit. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments were $2.4 billion, an increase of $314 million from the September quarter. We now have approximately $1.3 billion in outstanding convertible debt, and our net cash position is approximately $1.1 billion. Days sales outstanding decreased to 59 days from 82 days in the prior quarter. We expect days sales outstanding to continue to decline in the March quarter, consistent with the explanation on cash flow that I provided earlier. Combined inventory days in the December quarter were 130 days, up from 89 days in the prior quarter with nearly all of the build occurring at Xilinx as we have returned to full safety stock models. For the next several quarters, we expect to be outside of our 90- to 100-day inventory target.  While we did have higher inventory levels as a result of lower-than-expected revenue, there are two other factors that will drive our inventory days to be higher than model in the coming quarters. First, in order to assure supply on high-running products and advanced technologies, we have made the decision to increase safety stock levels on certain parts in the face of tight capacity at our foundry partners. Secondly, we are building ahead a number of legacy parts due to the closure of a particular foundry line. This will result in a buildup of inventory ahead of our end-of-life process with customers. The impact of the build ahead to the fiscal Q3 inventory ending value was approximately $29 million. This amount will increase over the next six quarters and then begin to decline as our end-of-life process with customers begins to offset the builds. As a result of these changes, we expect inventory to fluctuate between 120 and 130 days for the remainder of calendar year 2011. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the March quarter of fiscal year '11. Our backlog heading into the quarter is down sequentially. Lead times have returned to normal. We are expecting to see particular strength from our Virtex-5 family. From an end market perspective, we're expecting sales from Communications to be up sequentially, driven by gains in Wireless. We are expecting Industrial and other sales to decrease, driven by declines in Defense, Industrial and test and measurement. Consumer and Automotive sales are expected to be up, driven by increases in Automotive and audio/video broadcast. And lastly, Data Processing sales are expected to increase.  As a result, we are expecting total sales to be flat to up 5% sequentially in the March quarter with sales in North America expected to be flat to slightly down, sales in Europe expected to increase and sales from Asia-Pacific and Japan expected to be down sequentially. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of 54%, higher than last quarter but consistent with a normal lead time environment. Gross margin is expected to be 65%, plus or minus a point. Operating expenses in the September quarter are expected to be approximately $195 million, which includes $6 million in restructuring charges covering a range of costs associated with continued realignment of resources and driving overall efficiency. Other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $9 million. The share count is expected to be 266 million shares. The tax rate for fiscal 2011 is expected to be approximately 21%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Declining sales in the December quarter were primarily attributable to a large customer rescheduling in the Wireless Communications end market. While we did not achieve a fifth consecutive quarter of record sales, my conviction in the programmable imperative remains strong. Calendar 2010 marked a tremendous year of growth for Xilinx with sales increasing 36% over 2009. According to iSuppli, ASICs and ASSPs grew 7% and 25%, respectively, during this time period. This means that Xilinx grew more than triple the rate of ASICs and easily surpassed the ASSP growth rate as well.  Increasingly, FPGAs are becoming the default solution in next-generation customer systems where the need for low cost and flexibility are making FPGAs a preferred alternative to ASICs and ASSPs. Combined sales of our 40-nanometer Virtex-6 and 45-nanometer Spartan-6 product easily exceeded $100 million in accumulated sales in the December quarter, one quarter earlier than we had anticipated. Sales from our 40-nanometer, 11.3-gig Virtex-6 HXT devices increased significantly in the quarter. The customer traction we're gaining from this product family, coupled with having the industry's only 45-nanometer high-volume FPGA family with embedded transceivers are significant drivers of the leadership we have in transceiver shipments. During the December quarter, we made two key announcements, which are integral to our 28-nanometer strategy. We announced the industry's first stacked silicon interconnect technology, which will allow Xilinx to deliver breakthrough capacity, bandwidth and power savings using multiple FPGA die in a single package. We expect this innovative platform approach to enable Xilinx to overcome the technical boundaries of Moore's Law and to offer customers unparalleled power, bandwidth and density optimization for the large-scale integration of their systems. We also announced our Virtex-7 HT FPGAs and demonstrated 28 gigabit per second serial transceiver performance required for next-generation 100 to 400 gig applications. The 28 nanometer FPGAs enable communication equipment vendors to develop integrated, high-bandwidth proficient systems to keep pace with the insatiable bandwidth in the wide infrastructure and data centers. These new devices are equipped with the industry's high-speed and lowest [indiscernible] serial transceivers available in an FPGA to support extremely stringent optical and backplane protocols. As we begin 2011, the focus on a successful rollout of our 28-nanometer family is paramount. We are executing to plan and last month taped out the industries first 28-nanometer FPGA device. The 7 series FPGAs will offer the industry's lowest power, highest density devices in the market. This portfolio of 28-nanometer product is built in the industry's only unified architecture scales from low cost to ultra high end. This unified architecture allows customers to design their systems independent of FPGA family selection and reuse their IP across families, resulting in tremendous improvement in their productivity. We expect to augment our 28-nanometer leadership and expand the market for programmable logic with our ARM-based extensible processing architecture in 28-nanometer. I look forward to providing you with updates in the near future.  In summary, I'm excited about our next-generation product portfolio, and I remain confident that we have a product leadership position at the 28-nanometer node. Our 7 series FPGAs and ARM-based architecture provide game changing innovation and accelerate our market expansion. Having recently taped out 28-nanometer silicon, we remain on plan to deliver product samples in the March quarter. Look forward to providing you with an update on our 28-nanometer strategy through our annual Analyst Meeting, which is currently scheduled for March 14 in New York City.  Let me return the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: So let me just ask you quickly. The $35 million that was lowered during the last quarter preannouncement, is that now fully incorporated in the March quarter guidance?
Jon Olson: So yes, I mean, we were -- from the midpoint of our original guidance to the actual numbers, it was more like $40 million, right? But sure, I mean, our next quarter's guidance is reflective of what we view next quarter to be at inclusive of a recovery of our Wireless business.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Just sort of quickly, I mean, I just want to understand how you think the competitive dynamics has changed in the industry since you rolled out your 40-nanometer products. And also part of that, if you can also talk about the recent comment about pushouts or delays in India, whether that had any impact on you and whether we've started to see that come back through either now or when we think that can come back in 2012.
Moshe Gavrielov: There's a series of questions there. So with regards to our competitive position, it is clear that we were later than our major competitor on 40-nanometer, and we also actually had been suffering from skipping a generation on the high-volume 65-nanometer. That's why we brought out both the 40 and 45, and at this point, the 45-nanometer has had unprecedented success. And so that should enable us over time to recoup the market share on the high-volume side. When you add that to the fact that we have the broadest product offering and we are committed to being out there as early as possible with that product offering at 28-nanometer, we expect to shift the market share back to where it has historically been. So combination of all of these elements, the 45 high volume, the 28 with its full breadth, and then that gets built upon with the ARM solution, which we are well on the way to implementation, we've already shared with the customers, that will enable Xilinx to regain market share.
Jon Olson: And in your Wireless question, we don't really have a great picture by sub-segment right now of the next year given our fiscal year's the end of March. But I've seen the same things about India and the concerns over the absorption of the kind of price that it would take for the average India cell phone user to absorb 3G, and there's some speculation about all that. But quite frankly, most of our shorter term demand, meaning the next quarter or two, is coming from very strong LTE shipments and expansion of U.S. networks as well as the European networks and then followed by continued growth in China. And I think one of the things that also adds on to the first part of your question is very apparent also in the Wireless segment is the penetration of PLDs into that segment continues to be more and more. So even if CapEx is down year-on-year, we could very well have flat to up revenue in this segment because of the penetration. And this is just validation of our technology overall. But specifically about India, we're really not counting on a, I would say, very large number in the coming quarters for India. The big wireless uptick is really around the LTE generation starting to take foothold and the expansion of the AT&T environment. Also, over the last couple weeks, we've seen that AT&T has started to change the names of things to 4G, and they're going to pull in their real 4G deployment by a year. So all those things are very positive for us.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: You described how at the higher end of 40-nanometer you'd seen pressure, but you feel that you're seeing traction in high-volume 40-nanometer. And then you're suggesting that your 28-nanometer should help you. Do you think that your share will start to stabilize such that your revenue growth will be similar to your peers by the middle of your coming fiscal year? Or when should we think about you returning to sort of a more stabilized share position?
Jon Olson: I think we'll talk a little bit more about that in March. But I believe from a high-volume product family perspective that the kind of traction that we're seeing with our Spartan-6 45-nanometer product is that by the end of the calendar year, we should see stabilization of share in the high-volume segment and then an increase, starting to see an increase in share. The high-performance end of things is a little fuzzier because we're bifurcating the product family to some extent. And as Moshe pointed out, we were late to the party on 40-nanometer, so it may take a little longer for that to move the other direction. But the way we're coming out, the speed at which we're coming out with technology of 28-nanometer, we're pretty confident that that's going to start around in '12.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Also, just, Jon, could you give us some feel for how you think the year, the calendar year or the fiscal year is going to play in terms of which segments you think may grow and which may grow more? And whether you think, now that your lead times have normalized, et cetera, that you're going to see fairly traditional seasonality in the June quarter and onward?
Jon Olson: Well, I would expect that we'd start to return to overall more seasonal patterns just in general just because of that because we're at a level of business where still can be obviously still be volatility in certain end markets. But the economies are at least seemingly stable for now, and all that looks pretty good. We really aren't -- I'm not going to venture our forecast on which end markets are going to be better next fiscal year or not. We'll do that in March.
Operator: Your next question is from Ruben Roy with Pacific Crest Securities.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: I'd like to follow up with you, Jon, on the commentary around the LTE. And if you look at kind of the near-term strengths that you're seeing in Con and Wireless related to European OEMs perhaps and then U.S. rollouts of LTE, would you say that, at least the initial designs and maybe through the end of the year, the design activity for LTE is behind us? And following on, when is the next real design win opportunity as it relates to perhaps next-generation LTE? And is that what you guys are talking about when you talk about 28-nanometer and potential market share gains at that node as you look out to maybe the middle of this year?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, Ruben, yes. This is all kind of confusing to some extent if you start to equate LTE to 4G and 3G kinds of activities and then the providers changing their names of what their networks really are providing, et cetera. What's really happened here is then a consolidation of technologies on to FPGA so it handles all the protocols and waveforms in one line card. So while they may be selling into an HSDPA-plus kind of a network, it also can support LTE going forward. So most of the base stations that we sell into have some level of LTE capability so that providers don't have to replace everything all the time. That being said, at least from what I've read and certainly what we know, is most of the capabilities of the base stations are at the full range of what the LTE spec says. And what that means is that the bandwidth that they're providing under the name of LTE now will increase over time as they do improvements in terms of the base stations and et cetera. And those designs, I would say, would be kind of the next generation. Those designs need to be won in 2011, and those products will start rolling out in 2012 and 2013. And that's why we're pretty confident about our new 28-nanometer product family and having designed products specifically to win those designs.
Operator: And your next question is from Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: If we were to take out or that move from last quarter into this quarter, technically you're guiding for declines in the March quarter. And I looked back at your history. In 16 years, you've only had three March quarter where revenues declined. Can you give us a sense as to what you specifically think is going on in the first quarter? Is it your customers working down inventory? Is there something there that looks particularly weak?
Jon Olson: Well, I think we did note that even in the December quarter, there was weakness more than we had anticipated. But one of the phenomenon -- and we specifically said that in the audio/video broadcast area was a little bit weaker than we thought, for example, and we think that's bouncing back. And some of that, specifically on AVB, was inventory correction at the customers we serve. So there has been a broader based inventory balancing going on, which I think started in the September quarter and continued on in the December quarter in markets other than communications. Now with respect to the Wireless business and what's going on there, China, while it was still significant amount of business for us, but the fourth phase of the TD-SCDMA is now wrapping up. So from a geographic perspective, in Q1, there's actually some declines going on in that part of the Wireless business, while the other parts that we serve primarily through the larger European customer are growing extremely rapidly. So there's a lot of gives and takes going on. And while the overall demand is still really, really strong for us in the Wireless, we had this giant lump, a negative lump that we had in the December quarter.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the inventory side, even if I strip out the increase that you attribute to the legacy products and the shutdown of the line there, I'll have to look back until almost 2001 to see an inventory absolute dollar number that was this high as it is today. Well, so I guess my point is, what's your level of confidence in terms of the strategy of maintaining that high an inventory level going forward even if excluding the legacy products? And how do you make sure that that doesn't stay or really get out of control?
Jon Olson: Jimmy, that's a good question because we are taking a little more risk than we normally would have here. But I will also point out that we're operating at a much higher revenue level than we were back in that time period. So you do need the inventory in order to support that. But that being said, we've also gone through a couple of periods the last two to three years of not being able to deliver to our customers. And that's not lost on us in terms of a customer service level perspective. And then since we're taking this position that we feel that things still could be tight at foundries, we wanted to be cautious about how we adjust our capacity. So we've taken this position to add a little more inventory. But we are going to be very watchful of what's going on in the revenue line so we can manage this on a go-forward basis. We have no intention of getting ourselves out of line here in a big way. It is a kind of part by part we're managing this, and we have a monthly review meeting where we, in tremendous amount of detail, going through this to make decisions on which wafers we start out in time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Patrick Newton with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick Newton: I wanted to dig a little bit into your product results. And if I heard you correctly, you said that Virtex-5 sales declined sequentially. I was wondering if you can discuss the magnitude of the decline, and perhaps your thoughts on the potential that Virtex-5 revenue has peaked as a family?
Jon Olson: Yes. So we did talk about new products being down about 10% and Virtex-5 is the largest revenue contributor of the company. So therefore, it would be the largest percentage of the new products. So you could look at that 10% decline and use that as a surrogate for the number you ask. I mean, it's not precise, but it's close. And the additional question?
Patrick Newton: Well, has it peaked?
Jon Olson: Oh, has it peaked? No, we don't believe it has peaked yet. Even though it went down this quarter because of the situation with the one Wireless customer, we don't believe it's peaked yet.
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a question on the architectural differences. Timing seems to be -- so both you and Altera are on the same time for 28-nanometer. Just help us understand what are you guys targeting versus Altera, whether it's end market, and then what are the architectural differences that you have confidence and that will enable you to regain some market share on the 40-nanometer side?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, if you look at our product offering, we use -- there are a couple of key elements. First and foremost is we are targeting the HPL process at TSMC, which is a process that we co-developed with them and has since been adopted by several additional customers. Basically, that's a process that enables you to achieve very high performance at a lower power point. And as a result of having that, generally speaking, we can use a unified architecture to implement all of the three major product families. So it's the Virtex, Kintex and Artix. So it's the high end to mid-range and the low-end. That's unique. That will enable us to roll out products at a much faster rate than we ever have before. It will enable our customers to scale the designs, which is something they've asked for across the product families because they do need that very frequently. It will provide us with lower power points overall. And actually, having a lower power product will enable us to achieve at the high end a higher performance product because actually, it's the power capacity which is the big issue and we can achieve high capacity. So if you look at our product offering at the high end, it's actually significantly higher than everyone else, and one of the elements is the lower power process. The other element that enables us to do that is the stacked silicon interconnect, the SSIT, and that's another area that we're pioneering. So even though in terms of rollouts there's no doubt that generally, first availability of silicon is more or less equivalent to all of the companies that care to be at the front end, and we do care, it's the speed at which we'll be able to roll out the family, the breadth of the family and the transition between the different elements of the family which should be significant differentiators. The other element is we've been working on the ARM-based solution for a long period of time. We actually have emulation boards we provide our customers, and we believe that, that is a breakthrough product. Integration of the most popular microprocessor family in the world with the most powerful FPGA fabric will enable us to break into additional markets. So when you look at all of those elements, I'm extremely confident in our product position at 28.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: So other logic vendors in the market have been talking about accelerating their operating expense growth. I was wondering if you could share your view on calendar '11 or fiscal '12 OpEx trends for Xilinx. And then I was wondering if you could quantify also what your lead times are currently. You mentioned they were nine weeks roughly for September.
Jon Olson: Yes, so we're not forecasting our spending level for next fiscal year at this time. We'll do that in March. But we will have an increase because of the very rapid rollout of 28-nanometer, and those mass are quite expensive. So we will have an increase, and we'll share more about that in March. We are not planning, I would say, any large-scale headcount increases in the next fiscal year. So the dollars will be driven -- increase will be driven heavily by the mask and wafer increase and, to a much smaller degree, by any headcount and other kinds of spending at the company. And we'll be more specific about that in 60 days, or a little less than 60 days actually. On the lead time perspective, we have this metric that's the percentage of our product lines that are four weeks or less in terms of lead time, and the target we have is 85%. And in this current quarter that we're in, we're back into that milestone of being greater than 85% of our products are less than four weeks.
Operator: Your next question is from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Moshe, if you can just talk a little bit about your product with embedded processor. I know that you are ahead of your competitor in that area. If you could just talk about what significant applications you are targeting and what is additional market you can address and something on the timing of when does that becomes significant.
Moshe Gavrielov: So this family was announced quite some time ago, and we haven't yet disclosed the details about the family members. But that program is being executed in parallel to the 28-nanometer mainstream, and it will definitely tape out this year. And we expect to provide samples to customers this year, too. It's a unique product in that it, for the first time, addresses the low and medium range of the market with a very powerful embedded microprocessor. And when you look at the embedded market, there is quite a few applications that are ideal for that. To mention just a few, if you look at Industrial, Scientific and Medical, if you look at Automotive, if you look at some elements on the Communications side, they actually are ideal for a product of this sort where the integration, the higher performance and the lower power are very important. So this is a breakthrough product. We have had embedded microprocessors in the past, but they were more targeted at the high end of the midrange and the high end of the market. This sort of goes to another place and should enable us to expand our footprint very significantly. We're having tremendously positive customer traction on this product. We have emulation platforms we've given to our customers so they can actually start developing software way ahead of the silicon availability. And it's probably one of the most exciting products to come out in the recent years in this logic space.
Operator: Your next question is from Sukhi Nagesh with Deutsche Bank.
Sukhi Nagesh - Deutsche Bank AG: Jon, can you just clarify a little bit on the inventory side again? Did you say that roughly $30 million of the buildup was due to the closure of the fab line, which should indicate roughly $40 million? The incremental $40 million was due to the higher node product, is that correct? Am I reading that right?
Jon Olson: So the $29 million that I talked about is part of our $240 million of inventory. So the amount of that ending balance for the quarter in that was $29 million of this build ahead, if you will. And that $29 million number is going to increase over the next several quarters as well, and we'll talk about how much as we go through because it's about a timing with the line closure and the amount that we have to build ahead in order to intersect with our customers' need. I didn't really try to reconcile every bit of the inventory growth number, of how much was associated with the revenue drop. The $40 million was the decline in revenue from the midpoint that we originally gave in guidance. So the midpoint of our original range versus our actual results was approximately $40 million.
Operator: Your next question is from Srini Pajjuri with CLS Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Jon, just wondering why the Turns business declined in the December quarter and why do you think it'll come back up in the March quarter. And also, one more on the gross margin side. Just wondering, you said that you achieved some cost savings in the quarter. Wondering how sustainable those cost savings are going forward.
Jon Olson: Yes, the first one on the Turns decline. Because the downward impact of our -- or the revenue decline was at a customer that we have on a hub situation where they did demand pull essentially when they need it. The turns for us, it's not that the POs are in our backlog, all right? So all that meant was is that the revenue got lower by this $40 million. That didn't show up as a turn. And therefore our turns -- it was anticipated to. And therefore, our turns percentage was lower. So it really wasn't much more than that. And that's kind of the same story going forward as we have higher turns. The reason we're confident is we have a tremendous amount of our -- a large portion of our revenue increase associated with customers that have this kind of vendor hub situation. And therefore, as it becomes a turn as they pull it, there isn't a PO in our backlog. And that's really what's kind of making this turns percentage kind of a more volatile number than we might have experienced under more stable times in our history. Relative to the gross margin cost savings, I've said this before, we have a variety of projects at the company that are always trying to contribute. There were a lot of defect density improvement, price stabilizations, et cetera. Most of our cost reduction efforts are sustainable over some time period, but it's also -- the mix of our customers and the prices, depending on which those customers are up or down, does have an impact as well. So if I ever look at the two things that have the biggest impact on our gross margin, it is typically our customers/end market mix and then whether we've been able to sustain a cost reduction through, for example, sustained defect density improvement, et cetera. In this case, I think we're able to sustain most of this cost improvement.
Operator: And your next question is from Chris Danely with J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess can you just talk about your relative growth expectations for the four end markets you have for the rest of the year? And what gives you confidence that we're not going to have anymore, I guess, bugaboos in Con end market?
Jon Olson: Yes, so Chris, we're really not going to forecast long term our end market at this point. We'll do that in March. I think overall, we do feel good about the Communications business, but there's a lot of other end markets that we need to look up at a little bit harder. So yes, a lot of bogeymen and bad things are going to happen to us on a macro basis. But we react to what our customers are giving us as long-term forecasts. And even though there's been some volatility in some places like Network Enterprise business and things like that and then this big Wireless thing, at least for the next couple of quarters we don't feel like there's anything going on out there. Obviously, macroeconomic issues have an impact, but we're getting very strong signals from our top customers. And they're very strong signals not just about their confidence in being able to sustain revenue levels, but also there's signals that they're adopting FPGAs more and more. And we're winning more and more complex designs and supplanting other technologies. As Moshe pointed out, some of the percentages in his remarks about the design starts and design wins and growth in areas, that we're outpacing ASSPs and ASICs.
Operator: Your next question is from Sumit Dhanda with Citadel Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: First, the restructuring charge that you're taking, can you talk about the timing and the extent of the benefit that you will see based on those charges in future quarters?
Jon Olson: Sure. So the restructuring charge, all in for this last quarter of actuals in our forecast, is $10 million. And if you go back to the previous quarter's call, I think I indicated that we thought the total amount for the March quarter would decline over December, but it actually increased. And the biggest reason that it increased is that we are closing our software development operation in France. And I think many of you are aware how costly it is to extract yourself from a situation in that particular country, and the costs rose more than we had anticipated. So that isn't the only thing going on in the restructuring area, but we do expect a benefit in the neighborhood of $4 million, I guess, on an annual basis from that overall $10 million expense number. Now at this point in time, we don't anticipate any further restructuring charges in the following quarter. We don't have anything that we have. This is kind of the December and March quarters. The $10 million is it for our current plans.
Operator: Your next question is from Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC: A question on Wireline side, just sort of something different. Seems to be a lot of buzz out there about the build out of 40 and 100 gig in the optical space. And I'm just wondering how you think you're positioned or the potential opportunity for that over the next year to 18 months.
Moshe Gavrielov: That's an excellent observation. And there is this transition and it will happen. And the high end of the Virtex-7 product offering and the fact that it has the lowest power, the highest service, the highest bandwidth and it actually has the highest capacity in our mind puts us in a incredibly strong position to win the plurality of the business in that area. And the product was defined exactly to address the requirements and its own schedule. It will be rolling out this year, and we're in great position there.
Operator: And your next question is from Sandeep Shyamsukha with Auriga USA.
Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC: Actually, my first question was regarding if you could give me more color on the Wireline side of the business, how it fared in the December quarter, how do you expect it to do in the March quarter and the inventory situation at your largest Wireline customer, if that's impacting your business there?
Jon Olson: So the Wireline business overall was pretty flat for us in the December quarter relative to September. And there were some adjustments going on in the network area. The telecom side was pretty flat to maybe slightly up. But generally, this kind of hit a flat spot with us. The uptake of enterprise, the network enterprise piece in terms of routers and data switches are still very strong for us. And I think you were probably alluding to the Cisco cautiousness that they've put out relative to their business, but at this point, we don't see a great deal of disruption in our business for, I would say, our core network business there. And we do think Q1 overall from an IT spending perspective, meaning Wireline, Cons, things that we sell into and, to some extent, Data Processing that we sell into still looks pretty good. And from a seasonal perspective, we still think IT spending overall is okay, which will contribute for Q1, meaning calendar Q1, the March quarter, and we should see good network business. So all their Data Processing segment.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Jon, just a clarification. I think I heard you say that the $40 million miss in the December quarter from original guidance was all mostly due to one customer in Europe. When you look at the March quarter guidance, do you expect to recoup all of that within the March quarter?
Jon Olson: So John, all of the $40 million wasn't attributable to that. The largest individual contributor was that. But there was also some softness in China Wireless, and then I've pointed out audio/video broadcast was also softer than we had. So there were several contributors, but there was one large blip that made it such a large number for us. And I'm really not going to talk about specifics of our revenue forecast or any specific customer, but the forecast is quite strong for the Wireless business and we had forecasted up in Europe, and I think that's enough said about that particular area. So we're pretty bullish in that particular segment for the March quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates: The dynamics on the foundry side of things that you're seeing tightness, is that at most of the nodes that you buy? And is that with multiple foundries or just one foundry?
Jon Olson: I don't want to be a soothsayer for the foundry business too much in this particular comment. I'd like you to think about it as we got a little burned in not getting what we needed for our customers over the last couple of years. And so we're taking, I would say, a higher risk position on inventory to make sure that it doesn't happen again. And so there would be an uptick in the next year. But back to your point question, we are seeing full capacity in most technologies at most of our suppliers. And while you can still sit here and forecast and say, well, two quarters from now or three quarters from now the industry is not going to have that situation, we don't know that. And we've been surprised in the past, so we don't want to be surprised again.
Operator: Your next question is from Ian Ing with Gleacher & Company.
Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: But for Moshe, first, can you talk more about the silicon stacking applications? Do you have to go really on the higher density of multiple FPGAs or would you consider combinations with other silicon vendors, I mean, vendors perhaps?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, the current usage and what we've announced enables us to have the largest FPGAs in the market, and that's because FPGAs are inherently scalable. This is true that if you take this to the next level, you can do additional things. And that is not lost upon us, but you know that it's not -- we can go into a long discussion. This is a very compelling topic and everyone has opinions. But at the minimum, this enables us to bring FPGAs out, which are larger, it enables us to reduce the complexity. It actually should enable us to impact defect density at the very low FPGAs. Just with the technologies that we control directly, it gives us a lot of interesting opportunities. Integrating other semiconductor elements, there's a whole host of issues related to that. But this is the first step that enables going in that direction.
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Benjamin with Jefferies.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I was just curious if we can just go back to the share discussion. You talked a little bit about the share stabilizing by the end of 2011. If you can clarify, are you talking in terms of share in revenue or in designs?
Jon Olson: So yes, so let me -- I think you asked about my specific response. I was talking about share stabilization by the end of 2011 in the high-volume category. And I was talking about revenue, not designs. So some of the share loss that we're experiencing now is because of the high-volume base product family. And we have the only game in town, quite frankly, at the 45-nanometer, and our design win rate has been quite significant. And we start shipping in more volumes. The primary competitors, older technology will have peaked, and we'll be growing . And therefore, the share loss should stop and then we should be gaining share back in 2012 in the high-volume category.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Just to understand your optimism around this product, how do you -- you're probably the first company we have heard talk about this a bit more aggressively. What gives you the confidence that this can be effectively manufactured?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, you're talking about the stacked silicon interconnect? Was that the question?
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Yes.
Moshe Gavrielov: This is a technology we've developed for several years, and we've worked with the entire supply chain. Now we've prototyped it. We're moving into -- we have the plan to move into volume production. The technology risks are very well contained, and we're doing this in a phased approach. And we're highly confident that those risks can be addressed with the approaches we've taken, and we have the entire supply chain in place in order to address it. So this is obviously a big step forward. That's what leaders do. And we're very confident that we will deliver there and facilitate the higher capacity products that our customers yearn. That enables us to even more rapidly grab market share away from ASICs because one of the few areas that ASICs have an advantage is at the very high end because it is a denser technology. But this way, we can actually compensate for that, and that enables us to eat into that market at an accelerated rate. So very confident that we've done everything that needs to be done in order to move that into the volume arena.
Jon Olson: Operator, do we have time for one more question?
Operator: Yes, sir. You do have a follow-up from Sumit Dhanda with Citadel Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: Jon, the excess wafers you're running both at the leading-edge node and then for the end-of-life products, is there any benefit from small fixed cost absorption? I know you're a fabless operation. That's showing up in gross margins, which will be a headwind when you're done with the extra inventory build.
Jon Olson: Nothing significant. We've done a lot of cost reduction over the last couple of years and particularly in that area. And as this kind of a throughput goes through, it's a pretty diminishing amount of overhead impact from a fixed cost perspective. So no, there's not a significant benefit. And then kind of a snapback, that's really not a material number at all.
Company Speaker: Thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 8 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR earnings website. Our next earnings release date for the fourth quarter of fiscal year '11 will be Wednesday, April 27, after the market close. This quarter, we'll be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Technology & Internet Conference in San Francisco on February 15 and at the Raymond James 32nd Annual Institutional Investors Conference in Orlando on March 7. Lastly, we'll be holding our Analyst Meeting in New York City on March 14. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Maria Quillard – IR Jon Olson – SVP and CFO Moshe Gavrielov – President and CEO
Analysts: Tim Luke – Barclays Capital Adam Benjamin – Jefferies Glen Yeung – Citi Uche Orji – UBS John Pitzer – Credit Suisse James Schneider – Goldman Sachs Shawn Webster – Macquarie Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird Christopher Danely – JP Morgan Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets Srini Pajjuri – CLSA David Wong – Wells Fargo Securities Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities Sabi [ph] – Raymond James
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Tiffany and I will be your conference operator. I would now like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Please limit your questions to one to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn today’s call over to Maria Quillard. Thank you, Ms. Quillard. You may begin your conference.
Maria Quillard: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter then we’ll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Investor Relations website. Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Maria. During today's commentary, I will review our March quarter and fiscal 2010 business results. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the June quarter. For the second consecutive quarter, Xilinx achieved record sales. In addition, gross and operating margins increased to their highest level in nearly six years. These results speak not only to the increased customer acceptance of Xilinx PLD solutions but also to our increased focus on expense management and return on investment. After bottoming in the June quarter of this most recent fiscal year, sales increased in each of the remaining fiscal quarters. Fiscal 2010 sales were $1.8 billion, flat with the prior year. Gross and operating margin improved in each consecutive quarter of the fiscal year. SG&A expense declined by 5% for the year, due to restructuring efforts as well as continued cost improvement efforts. R&D expense for the year increased by 4%, primarily due to increased expenses associated with the roll-out of 40-nanometer products. From an end market perspective, wireless, defense and automotive sales increased during the fiscal year while all other end markets declined. Turning to the March quarter, which was a 13-week quarter; sales were $520 million, a sequential increase of 3% and a year-over-year increase of 34%. Gross margin of 64.9% was up from 62.1% in the same quarter of the prior year. Operating margin of 29.5% was up from 19.8% in the same quarter of the prior year. Operating expenses were $187 million, including approximately $3 million in restructuring charges. In addition, operating expenses for the quarter were impacted by the resolution of a litigation matter and increases in variable spending driven by revenue and profit improvement. New product sales increased 13% sequentially, while mainstream products decreased 4% sequentially and base products remained flat. European sales were particularly strong during the March quarter, increasing 25% sequentially. Most of the incremental sales growth was related to wired and wireless communications, but sales from nearly all other end market categories in Europe increased. Asia-Pacific sales increased 1% sequentially to 35% of total sales, with gains from communications and storage, slightly offsetting declines from consumer. North American sales decreased 5% sequentially to 33% of sales, with sales from communication and industrial and other decreasing sequentially, but partially offset by strong audio/video broadcast sales. Lastly, sales from Japan declined 4% sequentially, primarily related to declines from wired communications and consumer applications. Overall, communication sales increased 7% sequentially, driven by increases in wireless sales. Wireline sales were essentially flat for the quarter after a very strong December quarter. Industrial sales decreased 4% sequentially, as an anticipated decline in defense sales more than offset increases in industrial, scientific and medical and test and measurement applications. Consumer and automotive sales increased 5% sequentially, driven by strength in automotive and audio/video broadcast applications. Sales from pure consumer applications declined as expected. And lastly, sales from data processing increased by 7% sequentially, as increases in storage more than offset decreases in computing and data processing. Net income during the quarter was $149 million, or $0.54 per diluted share including $3 million or approximately $0.01 per diluted share in restructuring charges. Included in the Q4 net income is a tax benefit of $23 million or $0.08 per diluted share, primarily related to the impact of our recent favorable ruling in the Ninth Circuit that dealt with the treatment of stock option expense. Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $104 million before $11 million in CapEx. We paid $44 million in cash dividends and spent $125 million on share repurchases during the quarter. During the fiscal year, Xilinx generated over $550 million in operating cash flow. The tax rate in the March quarter was 8%, lower than expected, due to the previously mentioned decrease in tax expense. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments decreased $24 million during the quarter to approximately $2 billion. We have approximately $690 million in convertible debt and our net cash position is approximately $1.3 billion. Days sales outstanding increased one day in the March quarter to 45 days. Combined inventory days in the March quarter were 79, down from 85 days in the prior quarter and lower than we had anticipated due to foundry supply constraints impacting a number of our products. Moshe will elaborate on this in a minute. In the June quarter, we expect inventory days to be approximately flat. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the June quarter of fiscal year '11. Our backlog heading into the quarter is up. We are expecting to see continued strength from Virtex-5 as well as strong growth from our new Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families. From an end market perspective, we are expecting sales from communications to be up, driven by strength in wireline and wireless communications. Industrial and other is expected to increase, driven by defense and test and measurement. Consumer and automotive is expected to be up slightly as increased consumer sales offset decreased automotive sales and flat audio video broadcast sales. Lastly, data processing is expected to decline driven primarily by storage. As a result, we are expecting total sales to be up 9, 5 to 9% sequentially in the June quarter. With sales from Japan declining and sales from all other geographies flat to increasing. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 50%. This is down from 56% in the March quarter but appropriately conservative given our higher backlog and extended lead times. Gross margin is expected to be 65% plus or minus a point. The slightly wider range in gross margin is related to the variability around yields of our 40, 45 nanometer product family which will ramp sharply in the coming quarters. Operating expenses in the June quarter are expected to be approximately $182 million. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $2 million. The share count is expected to be 276 million shares, and the tax rate for fiscal 2011 is expected to be approximately 21%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. Across the semiconductor industry, the customer demand side of the business has been very healthy. For Xilinx, we are delighted to have delivered our second consecutive record revenue quarter. In addition, with our 5 to 9% growth in revenue guidance for the June 2010 quarter, we are expecting better than normal seasonality. As demand strengthens our customers are giving us increased visibility by placing bookings and driving down our trends requirements for the quarter. As Jon mentioned, our backlog is up significantly. We are predicting lower turns in the 50% range for the June ending quarter. Furthermore, as we discussed last quarter, many of our secondary markets have yet to reach the levels of our prior revenue peak during the June 2008 quarter. Currently, four of our 10 secondary markets, wired, industrial, testing measurement and computing are still below their peak revenue. This improved end market outlook is encouraging as the new 65, 40 and 45 nanometers yield is poised to grow significantly. Encouraging growth rate is a testament the programmable imperative that is occurring all around us. Increasingly, advanced technology node Programmable Logic platform are replacing ASIC and some selective ASSP solutions. I encounter this trend frequently whenever I meet with our very broad based customers. While the demand side has been very strong, supply side of semiconductor business has been constrained, primarily by foundry capacity. Xilinx is not impervious to these trends this past quarter. Our top line results were at the high end of our guidance. However, our forecasted demand particularly for some of our Virtex families coupled with very tight foundry capacity constrained our sales from growing further this past quarter. By and large, we're serving our customer needs and delivering to our commitment. Our lead times have stretched out but generally are 10 weeks or less with some Virtex-5 parts extending beyond this range. As we enter the June quarter, our ability to deliver continues to challenge us given the healthy demand. We currently expect to see overall lead time improvement in the September quarter. Even though we couldn't ship all the Virtex-5 devices we had on order, this family grew double digits sequentially, establishing yet another new record. In the June quarter, we are expecting Virtex-5 to increase yet again, building upon the success of our Virtex-5 family are the Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families. Both of these families have achieved full qualification and are now shipping in volume production. In the June quarter, several of our 3G wireless customers will take significant deliveries of our Virtex-6 devices. They've been designing with Virtex-6 and expect to have their end products shipping volume in the coming quarters. As a result, we expect to see sales from this product family increase significantly. With respect to our 28-nanometer product, we expect to be sampling silicon by the end of our fiscal year. We'll be disclosing more details about our unified 28-nanometer sector and specific products in the months to come. Yesterday, we unveiled our revolutionary ARM-based extensible processing architecture that combines an ARM Cortex A9 processor with integrated 28-nanometer, low power, high performance programmable logic. This new programmable platform will deliver unrivaled levels of performance, flexibility, integration to developers of a high – of a wide variety of embedded systems. It is a key element of our company's overall growth strategy as articulated at our analyst meeting in February. Target markets include automotive driver assistance, intelligent video surveillance, industrial automation, aerospace and defense and next generation wireless. By employing familiar embedded software environment and its vast ecosystem, we can leverage open standards and extend the reach of embedded systems, providing significant incremental growth opportunities for Xilinx in the future. Summary, fiscal 2010 was a great year with a number of key accomplishments. I'm pleased by what we have been able to achieve through steadfast execution to our plan. During this period, Virtex-5 became the industry's most successful product offering in terms of quarterly sales. We began production of the next generation of Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families and have improved our profitability significantly through a number of proactive cost reduction and efficiency programs. As we enter fiscal 2011, we plan to continue to focus on operating efficiencies for overall execution. Additionally, we have an exceptional new product pipeline that I expect to drive continued growth and market expansion. Now, let me turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Thank you very much. Moshe, with respect to the capacity constraint, could you clarify again which products were affected by this, is it just the Virtex-5? And do you have any framework for us in terms of the degree of impact there or what sort of range you might have seen of further upside, if you hadn't been constrained? And can you give us some sort of milestones in terms of when that was most affecting you and when it's likely to affect you less? Obviously you're guiding for some slower sequential growth, notwithstanding the constraint and I think you said that it would be done by the September quarter, but could you just give some clarification with respect to that? Thank you.
Jon Olson: Let me take that one, Tim. So generally it's been Virtex-5, although there has been some tightness also in our Virtex-4 family as well. So, even at 90-nanometer technologies, we've had some tightness with the foundries, and as you know, they juggle their tools around to do different things and maximize output. But they're just generally at the most advanced technologies seem to be the tightest. But it has been largely Virtex-5 related products. Now, the degree of the impact from this last quarter, we haven't really specifically put a dollar amount on it. It's in the neighborhood of a couple of percentage points, so it's 2 percentage points, in the neighborhood of 10, $11 million. It's in that range and we do anticipate that this tightness continuing throughout this quarter and it's quite possible we would leave the quarter even with a greater level of delinquency than that. It kind of depends on the mix. When you're really tight and you sucked up the lion's share of your safety stock which we have in certain devices on Virtex-5 it is actually really dependent on what orders come in and what device so-to-speak. So we do expect that by the time we get into the September quarter, we're going to get some relief and hopefully that will not have delinquencies. But again, it's too early to tell because it really is dependent on how strong demand is overall throughout the summer.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: So, is this something that you're seeing at both of your foundry partners or primarily at one rather than the other?
Jon Olson: Well, I mean, we do build product at two foundries and that's actually been one of the advantages of our two foundry strategy. We have been able to get a little more out of one versus the other, but quite frankly they're both very tight.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Benjamin with Jefferies.
Adam Benjamin – Jefferies: Thanks, guys. Can you just talk a little bit about gross margin and kind of what is affecting the gross margin, kind of going forward here and how we should think about the puts and takes there?
Jon Olson: Yes, sure, Adam. Yes. Gross margin, we're actually been very pleased with the improvement of gross margin throughout the year and all our efforts getting up to the 65% level or 64.9 this quarter and then forecasting 65 for the next quarter. And I would anticipate us to be in that 65% range for a few quarters, again, plus or minus the point. And it really is because generally the new technologies are a drag on our margins, but we've been able to increase yields, lower costs in other areas to offset that as we go through this period of ramping yields on 40 and 45-nanometers. So I'm actually feeling pretty good that we can keep things stabilized at what was the high end of our range is now the midpoint of our new forecasted range for a business model for the company. And kind of, work through these yield improvements and then as we get to the end of the year and the next year hopefully they'll tail up some more. So I think we've done a really nice job. If you go back on our history and look at 90-nanometer and 130, you'd see a pretty marked drop in gross margin for us when we introduce new technologies, and we're doing a much better job with our own design and yields, and work with our foundry partners to not make that impact our margins so predominantly.
Adam Benjamin – Jefferies: Got you. And then on your commentary regarding lead times out at 10 weeks and stretching but then you expect them by the September quarter. I think you indicated to come in. I'm just curious if you can give some more color as to what that expectation is based on as to why you think they would come in by that point?
Jon Olson: Yeah. Sure. First off, we believe we're getting more capacity, more capacity allocated to us as we work through this quarter for out into the – I mean, wafers out into the September quarter. So, we're getting more wafers out, number one. And, second off we are working through a lot of yield improvements which give you more die per wafer therefore we think we're going to end up with more absolute die as a result. Our inventory dollars we're not worried about inventory dollars, the inventory dollars have been flat, we would like to actually have this go up. Days have been coming down some and we think they will stabilize in the 70s – in the mid to high 70s which is lower than we would like to run the company at. So, even if we were able to add some dollars we are still well behind on broadly filling our safety stock. So, it's not like we're over soaking things in my mind.
Adam Benjamin – Jefferies: So it's not a reflection of your expectation for orders, it's more purely just capacity?
Jon Olson: Yes. It really is, it's purely capacity. We do believe that there is strength throughout the June quarter and into the summer particularly in all the wireless business that we see, so we are planning on really a strong June from the wireless area. Particularly because of the China, beginning of the China ramp so that's quite significant for us. So we do think orders have stayed strong for a while but after – as we go into September, it becomes less clear what's going to happen.
Adam Benjamin – Jefferies: Got you. Thanks a lot for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung from Citi.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Thanks. Jon, maybe just to follow-up on that last one. When you say you're getting more wafer allocation. Are you suggesting that you’re getting more wafer allocation relative to your competitors or – not your competitors but your other people who are acquiring those wafers or that net wafer supply is going up?
Jon Olson: For us, it's net wafer supply is going up. I can't really speak to how our foundries are allocating among their customers. But I think that more wafer capacity starts to come online towards the end the second half of the calendar year. And that's where we're getting – able to get commitments for relief on some of our issues that we have are short-term right now.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Can I assume there is no meaningful change in wafer pricing that you see and maybe the same question with respect to you to your customers any meaningful change in pricing?
Jon Olson: Yes. On the pricing front, we're not seeing any substantial increases in wafer across the board, but quite frankly, we're not seeing the decreases that we have planned on in our long-term road maps and have typically been able to negotiate. So it's fairly clear the foundries are trying to bolster prices to some degree but we're not getting increases.
Glen Yeung – Citi: And do you pass the lack of decrease through to your customers as well?
Jon Olson: Typically not. And the reason Glen, is that, first off, a lot of our revenue is done by our top 10, top 15, top 20 customers and they generally have volume price agreements that are negotiated anywhere from quarterly to annually. And so a fair amount of our pricing is locked in and so you don't typically have opportunities to pass those on until the renegotiation time and of course, we'll do everything we can at that point to make sure we can maintain our margins. And the second point is business is generally quoted far enough in advance, more broadly that it is difficult to come in after the fact, after you've made a quote and raise it. So as new quotes are coming along, we certainly are mindful of what's going on in the environment and doing our best to hold prices up. But in terms of a radical change that you’d see in the P&L, just because we're trying to pass on, quote a surcharge, all our airlines [ph] becomes immediate that doesn't happen in our business model.
Glen Yeung – Citi: And just one quick one. Obviously, falling short of your own shipment potential in the quarter, should we assume then that customers are not able to build inventory or do you really see some customers explicitly trying to build inventory of your parts?
Jon Olson: This is a question I know, because every semiconductor company has been asked, are people building inventory in excess of their needs and what's your profile and etcetera. And quite frankly, from the Xilinx perspective, our growth has come from new products, which generally means new designs, etcetera. We've done a lot of work with our customers to try to understand whether they're really selling through and – or whether they're buffering inventory. And by and large, the response is coming, they're not buffering inventory and sell-through is good. However, we do know of certain customers, even large customers that we believe are buffering some inventory and are ordering farther in advance and they don't seem – as we've had some difficulty with lead times, they don't seem to be complaining broadly that theirs lines down or whatever. So even though we can't find the data and anybody admitting to us that inventory is being built maybe in excess of their needs, it sure feels like some of what's going on is that. But on the other hand, we're selling a lot of new products and we're pretty confidence those are being sold through.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji – UBS: Thank you very much. Let me just ask you about your proposed ramp for new products as the yields improve. What kind of impact should that have on margins as we go into the second half of the year, are you going to be able to maintain your target range of 64 to 66% range?
Maria Quillard: Yeah Uche, I really think we're going to be able to maintain in that range of 65 for a few quarters, despite some of the drag that's going on and then hopefully improve after that. And there's a lot of different things that go on in margin relative to product mix and it's not just all about short-term cost changes, based on yields, etcetera. But what we see as a very rapidly improving yield environment on 40, 45-nanometer right now as we start building a lot of product, we think that we can maintain that range, 64 to 66 or 65ish kind of a number while we're going through this yield ramp and then we'll see what happens as get to the end of the year.
Uche Orji – UBS: Sure. Just one more question. On the relative impact of your being constrained, obviously outgrew [ph] you this quarter and also within the guide they seem to be outgrowing you. How much of – granted, you both have different seasonality (inaudible) but one can't help but notice that it looks like you're losing market share. How much of this do you think you can regain once you start to see capacity ease? And then just how confident you are, I mean, if one looks at UMC's CapEx spend at the high end SoC [ph] TSMC, is it fair to just conclude that it's inevitable you're going to lose market share?
Jon Olson: So let me get the first part of that question. So while we are constrained, we don't think we're losing any customers or designs as a result of these short-term constraints. So I don't think that this situation that we have on these selected products has any bearing in the pure, does somebody get more share, win share or lose share. So of I don't think that really has anything. If we had a prolonged situation that might cause customers to redesign but it's pretty costly to redesign when you are in these very sticky, complex SoC situations. And by and large, there is a lot of other semiconductor companies scrambling to make to provide product to some of our same customers. And I don't believe we're on the top of the constraint list quite frankly for most of our large customers. And then with respect to the foundry differences and CapEx expanding and capacity as to any sort of market share shift one way or the other, I don't think that has any bearing on the situation at all. I think if you look at the seasonality, it's typical that Altera has outgrown us in the front end of the year and then we outgrow in the back end of the year. So I don't see any huge share shifts going on this year.
Uche Orji – UBS: Great. Just one last question for Moshe. I mean, Moshe, you are kind of design into com equipment and this market tends to be traditionally mix or power PC and how do you plan to kind of drive acceptance of this? I mean, what are the relative merits of this strategy you've adopted? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov:
, : So, having very tightly integrated applicable ARM Core, probably the easiest decision to make for this family. And we have tremendous expectations and it wasn't product announcement, it was more of an architecture announcement we made. But as we come up with the product announcement I think you'll see that this provides unparalleled capabilities for huge range of applications and this is one of those products that absolutely will enable us to accelerate the programmable imperative. And in particular replace ASSP. I've gone on the record on that and I know you guys will continue to needle me on that particular point. We have data which shows that that is happening and it's happening in spades now.
Uche Orji – UBS: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Yeah, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Jon, I want to make sure I understand on the supply constraints. You said about 10 to 11 million in revenue in the March quarter. And you could expect to see a like amount in the June quarter. Is that – did I read that right?
Jon Olson: Yeah. John, I think it will be that much and maybe even a little more.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And so help me understand. As we move into September, do we think about sort of a phantom backlog of 25 million to catch up as your supply starts to come on or how does that business then migrate into the back half of the year?
Jon Olson: Yeah. So, since we're not really forecasting what the overall profile in September is. September, the September quarter has typically been a slower quarter for us as generally particularly wireline but generally communications, customers are off a lot in the summer and Europe is paused and whatever. So, I want to be hesitant to say that gee, we're going to roll over 15, 20 or some amount and that's going to be additive to some run rate. I don't really want you – I don’t want you to walk away with that statement. But, I do think what I'm trying to indicate is this 10 to maybe $15 million we left this quarter we could have shipped. It's going to be that much and a little bit more than that potentially. It could just be that much. I doubt that we'll be fully caught up.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And then I guess, Jon. I apologize if you had mentioned this but as you look at the profile of revenue growth in the June quarter by end market, any big differences that you see out there?
Jon Olson: The biggest is going to be wireless. So we had a very strong wireless business this last quarter driven primarily out of our European customers, you could see that in our European revenue split. And then as we move into June, it's the wireless business we think is even going to increase more and that's going to be driven both out of the European customer base that's serving the world as well as the China 3G phase IV business which is starting to ramp and those customers are starting to take product in a big way basically this quarter.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And then my last question, guys. I know the design cycle is relatively long but Altera did put up some outsized gross margins in their quarter. Just kind of curious if that gives you a pricing umbrella to get a little bit better pricing and or an opportunity to go out there and try to gain some share.
Jon Olson: Yes. So we did. We certainly have, we did talk about this a little bit earlier. And it's really hard to have short-term pricing in fact to show up on the P&L immediately. But we're aware of the environment and our supply chain and what's going on there and while, we don't want to lose business out there. We certainly are going to do everything we can to get the most value out of our products and if that means raising some prices then we'll do that.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Perfect. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess you as well as many of your peers have talked about increased visibility going into the back half of the year or customers placing longer dated backlog on you. First of all, I just want to confirm that that's indeed what you're seeing. And then in the context of that what are you seeing from your Asian comps customers into the back half of the year of the calendar year. Do you think that's going to continue to see the strength you're expecting in Q2 or might that tail off a little bit?
Jon Olson: Yeah, sure, Jim. The backlog situation, we're definitely seeing products being booked out farther, so out farther within the current quarter and also more into the following quarter. And I think that's really more of a function of lead time increases on selected parts than anything else. Our overall backlog going into the quarter was up 20% over the backlog going into the previous quarter, so quite substantially. But a lot of that was our leading product families as the constraints are becoming clearer to people and they're ordering out to make sure they get supply. So I don’t – I view this as kind of a fleeting thing that when lead times start to move back in, that the backlog will return to normal patterns for us by and large. If the second question was around our Asia communications customers and the second half of the calendar year. I really don't have much visibility on that. I know that they're going – they certainly are telling us they're going to ramp very strong this summer relative to phase four business. But beyond that, we have pretty limited visibility as to whether this is going to continue or not.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: That's very helpful. Thanks. And if I could just do a follow-up on the OpEx. What should we expect in terms of the profile of spending throughout the fiscal year? And specifically, if you just exclude the effects of variable SG&A related to higher sales or lower sales?
Jon Olson: It's pretty hard to do the latter because it is part of what we're doing. I mean we forecasted 182 for OpEx for next quarter and I think you can see that as reasonable number for the next several quarter going forward. There would be some – there could be some adjustments relative to – if we have sharper spikes in revenue up or down or profitability up or down that deals with those variable expenses but I think if you're trying to draw some sort of a line for us, pretty flat this year.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: So no big spikes due to tape-outs in the R&D line?
Jon Olson: No, there is a little – there is a beginning of the tape-outs for the next generation in the back half of our fiscal year, more likely the fourth quarter of fiscal year and there's some leftovers going on right now in this quarter and then in the next two quarters there are a few other things going on to help offset that. That's why it ends up being relatively flat.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: Yeah, thank you. In terms of – Jon, I think you mentioned that there were some customers you weren't sure out there that may have built extra inventory maybe just stepping back a bit if you can assess by end market, are there certain end markets that you feel like they're sufficiently supplied or their inventories are normal versus others which are leaner than normal?
Jon Olson: I don't think I can draw any specifics around that at all. It's really different by different end market, whether certain sub-segments within those end markets are really well-populated or not, with inventory. So, I would say we know – I know of a communications customer or two that sounds like they're buffering inventory. I see some industrial customers that are doing that. So, you know, it's really kind of spread around.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: Okay. And then in terms of the tightness that you experienced, when – maybe not it's not exactly, but when did you start seeing the tightness or unexpected tightness in your products over the course of the March quarter end, could you share with us what your mix of 40-nanometer is or was in the March quarter?
Jon Olson: So we're not segregating out individual technologies within our new products to talk about that. But the tightness, we've been tight probably for four or five months but because demand has been slow growth for Virtex-5, which is where the primary issues are, that's where we're experiencing the tightness. It got to be a bigger issue for us because the ordering patterns were so strong for V-5.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Hi. Good afternoon. Is your reason for automotive to decline in the June quarter based on difficult comparison or is there anything else happening in that end market?
Jon Olson: I'm sorry, Tristan, I didn't get which end market you are asking about. Could you repeat that?
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: In automotive, I think you mentioned that you expected some decline in the June quarter.
Jon Olson: Yes. So, automotive has been really strong in the last couple of quarters, the last three quarters, actually, and some of that was the snapback from just the auto industry going up, but then, as things picked up it kept getting progressively stronger. Some of that is just a more healthy auto industry but some of that is also us taking more share within the automobile, inside the car from alternative sources. Again, this is a great example of ASSPs being supplanted by PLDs and some of the designs that we've been talking about over the last year or so are now starting to kick in and we're starting to see the beginning of more penetration in addition to more just autos being sold.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Okay.
Jon Olson: Now the decline aspect is mostly just a little bit of a leveling off and a slight decline, not a significant decline.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Okay. And then your gross margin is currently at about a five-year high and you said that you have confidence you're going to hold to those levels in the second half of the calendar year. But at the same time, as pricing comes down we should also expect consumer mix to pick up in the second half. You are also going to ramp at the 40-nanometer chip, if you know. Are yield improvements the only reason to offset those factors and giving you the confidence that your gross margin can hold?
Jon Olson: Well, certainly the yield improvements as we go through the next couple of quarters have pretty sharp yield improvement that does help. But also as we get into the back half of the year, in addition to consumer growing, aerospace and defense also typically grows for us. And that's a good offset. So, the end market mix, we’re not necessarily believing that's going to have a huge impact on us. The headwinds on next quarter quite frankly are the fact that we have a lot of V-6 that we're starting to ramp up and it's being sold into wireless, which is one of our – of all of our end markets, maybe the most challenging on pricing and margin, but at the same time we have a number of cost reduction efforts that have been kicking in and helping give us an offset. So, the forecast is 65 plus or minus a point, so it could be down a point, could be up a point, it's really dependent on how all the factors I just talked about turn out.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely – JP Morgan: Thanks, guys. I guess just a little bit of history on lead time issue. I think I remember last year somewhere towards like mid late year we first started talking about delivery issues and lead time problems. So, is this an extension of that same issue? Was it different? Is it different products or is just that same problem just lasting until now?
Moshe Gavrielov: Totally different. Chris, this is Moshe. It's totally different. Last year if you remember and it's sort of amazing when you think back the semiconductor industry was dead and being buried at the end of Q1 and as a result all of the foundries were shutting down. All of the infrastructure for the foundry business was shutting down and then it turned snapped back in the most amazing way and there was some major issues as the foundries had been closed to reopen them and to bring capacity back online. And, we got impacted by that. I believe it was the second quarter or the second calendar quarter in a big way. A lot of other players got impacted by that actually later in the year. What is happening now is just incredibly robust environment where the foundries are operating at their peak capacity and they're scrambling to bring up additional capacity in particular in advanced process nodes. So, I wouldn't say it's the same. For us, it hit us for one quarter, June quarter of 2009 and once it snapped back and the capacity came online. As Jon pointed out we've now going into we are in our second quarter and we're going to the third quarter of challenges in terms of expanding capacity. But it's a different problem. And it's predominantly at the most advanced process nodes but not restricted to them.
Christopher Danely – JP Morgan: And this time around, have there been any yield issues or is it purely been demand that's been much better than you expected and the wafer supply has not ramped as much as you expected?
Moshe Gavrielov: It's the latter for sure.
Jon Olson: Yes. Certainly 65-nanometer, we're continuing to focus on improving yields there because the leverage for us is so significant both for parts and units and margin there. And the other 40-nanometer process while we are the lead customer for UMC on that process, we are on our road map for yields in that product family generation. So, we aren't, we've not deviated from our road map.
Moshe Gavrielov: Great. And then last question. Now, that we're sitting on tons of cash provided the government doesn't come and take it away from you. In terms of usage of cash between paying debt down, buying back stock, increasing dividend. Can you maybe discuss that a little bit?
Jon Olson: Yeah. Sure. Our net cash is at $1.3 billion which is higher than we – than our target; we would like to be below $1 billion. Buying the debt back at the current price is not a good MPV situation for us at all because of some of the tax advantages we get out of that that particular instrument that we did. So, we did raise our dividend in this past year a couple of quarters ago. We're continued to buy back shares in this last quarter $125 million worth. So, we are committed to both increasing dividends on a go-forward basis and taking any other cash above our targets, cash targets and doing buy – share repurchase with that.
Christopher Danely – JPMorgan: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for taking the question. I need some help in understanding the wireless revenues. And if you can put it in context of the wireless CapEx. Last year, your wireless revenues grew I'd say close to 30% and you're running at record level and looks like if you stay on this course you can grow about the same amount where as we hear on the headline numbers the CapEx – wireless CapEx going to be flattish. Can you help in reconciling, is it your content increasing or what's – how should we take the headline CapEx number and think of your wireless revenues?
Moshe Gavrielov: From my perspective, Mahesh, it is true that maybe there is a reduction, but primarily on the news protocols and the upgrading of the equipment to the – for example, 3G in China that continues at a very fast rate and they're doing it in phases and this phase – this coming phase, fourth round is a very significant one. And we're seeing it in China. We're seeing an upgrade in North America and potentially Western Europe to 4G over time and they're still waiting for the Indian portion to pan out. But it's continuing to grow and the wireless continues to do well and best we can tell it's going to continue to be a driver going forward. It is possible that it could have been even better or it could be even better if they increase CapEx. But we don't see a slowdown on these new deployments. We really see that happening. If you look at what is – everything that we're aware of as this insatiable demand for bandwidth, all of the new widgets that everyone is using now are data and video-driven and there's just huge demands and basically the networks, the data communication networks are having great problems and they have to be upgraded. And you've seen cases, very public cases where some of the big carriers have actually stopped selling devices because their network can't handle the bandwidth. That's not a viable business for them to continue to stay in that model. So, I'm quite bullish on wireless and it's possible that it could be even greater, but we see it continuing at a very positive level.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. And one more quick one on that 10 million and 15 million probably you will lose. So what happens to the customer, which didn't get your part, is it that they just are not able to ship those parts or are they going to get it late? Where does that requirement go away? I mean, because you're saying that you might not get back – get it back in September, necessarily. How do we reconcile that missed revenues?
Moshe Gavrielov: I couldn't call that missed revenues. I think you misconstrued what Jon said. Some of the customers are building inventory. If we had additional product we could help them short-term. If not, these products are typically sole sourced. So, as long as they continue to build and sell their equipment. And keep in mind that we're in an infrastructure play as opposed to consumer play, so the upgrades do happen, then we do get that business. And it will hopefully build up and that's why we're scrambling to get it to those customers as soon as we can.
Jon Olson: Any specific customer that doesn't get their parts in week, in the last week or the second to last week of the quarter will get it two weeks later, and it's a series of events that create these delinquencies over time. It isn't like the same customer won't get everything that they want at the end of this quarter and at the end of next quarter. It's not necessarily – doesn't work that way. We have so many customers and such a broad focus and we are responding with getting more parts out to meet the customers' orders. So it could be different part packages for different customers that could be short at the end of one quarter versus another quarter.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. I get it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Jon, a couple of clarifications. On OpEx I was hoping that it would come down in the second half of the year. Just wondering if you're planning to spend on any additional tape-outs or if this is mostly revenue related?
Jon Olson: So, the back half of the year is strictly our fourth quarter of our fiscal year is definitely impacted by 28-nanometer tape-outs, so the ramp for the next generation begins. So that's what – that’s one of the things that's impacting it. But we do – we're holding the line on our resourcing level, and with that putting out more products including the follow-on announcement that will come from our ARM relationships. So we are I think doing a good job of not growing R&D dollars, while being able to address additional markets in addition to the traditional PLD segment.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Okay. And then on the defense business, Jon, you said it's down sequentially which is somewhat different from what some of your peers are reporting. Just wondering, I'm talking about the industrial business. I’m wondering if the defense decline explains all of the weakness in industrial or if the segment is somewhat also supply-constrained.
Jon Olson: Now the defense – no, it's not supply. Generally, that’s not supply constrained. Defense decline does explain the drop in our industrial and other category. The other sub-segments were flat to up. So, it really is just the defense and there is a seasonal pattern to defense that we've had pretty pronounced over the last five years as we've grown our defense business substantially. And it’s typified by a weaker March and June and stronger September and December, which September quarters and December quarters bracket the beginning of the government’s fiscal year where the purchasing – lots of the purchasing activities tend to happen.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo Securities.
David Wong – Wells Fargo Securities: The ramp in 40-nanometer, the 45-nanometer products, do they open up any particular new segments or new product types for you that you're selling into?
Jon Olson: We definitely do because as they bring down the power, as they bring down the price, they enable us to address a whole host of new markets and actually to replace ASICs and ASSPs in a more aggressive way so it does broaden and deepen our reach into the applications we can address. Even in some of our traditional markets, for example, if you look at military or communications infrastructure. When you move into the 40 and 45 node, we can compete with ASICs and ASSPs in a more aggressive manner. So, it's both new applications but also deepening inside the existing traditional applications we have.
David Wong – Wells Fargo Securities: Can you point to any new types of systems you haven't been in before? Can you give us any specific examples?
Jon Olson: Well. You can look at examples in the high end of the consumer world where we're seeing the next generation of a lot of the displays. You know, that is something where I think we will expand our reach and it continues, we had some in past generations but it I believe becomes a lot more attractive when you have something like our 45-nanometer, Spartan-6 product and if you, that's sort of at the most cost sensitive side of our business. If you go at the high end of our business actually in the military space, you can address a whole host of new applications where they're actually significant volumes of these products and those in the past were not accessible to us and in the distant past used to be served just by ASIC. So, it really raises the water line for across the board in terms of applications we can service.
David Wong – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Apurva Patel.
Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities: Hi. In terms of your ARM-based architecture, unified architecture. Do you believe you need to have additional software capabilities?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well. Software is a lot of things. So when you look at the implementation software which is necessary in order to design the FPGA in of itself, you do need additional capabilities because you now have a very applicable high performance ARM core and you want to make that accessible to the customer and so that requires an expansion which is targeted at the embedded hardware that we have. When you go beyond that then there are layers of software which get closer and closer to the target applications. Those by and large are not provided by us, they are available through the extensive ARM ecosystem which is unparalleled in terms of the support it has for a broad set of applications. So, yes. There are demands but they are serviced in some cases by us in other cases by the ecosystem and of course ARM does provide quite a bit of that too.
Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities: And in terms of comms business you referred that wireless again is driven by bandwidth and wireless side but when did the pull come in on the wireless side?
Moshe Gavrielov: When did the what?
Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities: On the wireless side.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well. So the wired side, a lot of wired side is related to network infrastructure associated with Internet and that particular part of the bandwidth pipe. So that strength has been happening particularly as IT departments and companies are starting to buy more equipment. So we're obviously very active in routers and in data switches and things like that. So, that business has come back very sharply for us over the last couple of quarters and we think that's going to continue.
Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities: Thank you.
Maria Quillard: Operator, one last question, please?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Sabi – Raymond James: This is Sabi [ph] on behalf of Hans. Thanks for taking my question. I was just kind of hoping if – could you give a little bit more color on kind of within the new products and main stream, how the groups perform in 1Q and kind of how you – fourth quarter and how you expect it to perform throughout the year?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yeah. So our new products are generally based on when the product was introduced into the market and they tend to be obviously then as a result our highest technology. So 40, 45-nanometer products, 65-nanometer products and then the very tail end of 90-nanometer and we every two years or so we realign those obviously as the generations move forward. We anticipate the new products to continue to grow throughout the fiscal year in the way things look right now, quite strongly and then sequential quarter growth every quarter throughout the year. The mainstream and base products are by definition then are older and oldest generation and they tend to have a different kind of profile. So the base being the oldest of them generally declines quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter. And the mainstream declines a little less quarter-after-quarter and that's depending on how older designs, the long tail FPLD designs what the pattern is for replacements out in the market or not. So if you were drawing a set of lines, you'd say new products, very positive slope and up to the right, mainstream, generally a gentle slope down to the left. And then base products, a more sharp decline down to the right – sorry, both down to the right.
Sabi – Raymond James: All right. And then just a quick follow-up on that, just on kind of the examples that you give on the automotive where you're seeing kind of bigger market share take from the ASSPs, any other examples that you can give, more recent?
Moshe Gavrielov: There are lots of them. There's a whole host of industrial applications where the – there used to be some traditional ASSP solutions which – and now they're at the end of the life and there's no roadmap for them, so we're actually seeing a lot of those devices in military, even another example, where that device it could have been a dedicated microcontroller is now being implemented inside in FPGA. So this is pervasive. It's not limited to automotive. Automotive may be one interesting application, but this does happen across the board pretty broadly and it's driven by the fact that at new process nodes it becomes prohibitively expensive to design and ASSP. So – and so of these ASSPs were designed at 130-nanometers, for example, and the companies that design them can't afford to take them forward to new aggressive nodes and the customers are stuck and you can implement those 130 and even 90-nanometer ASSPs sometimes quite cost effectively in advanced state-of-the-art FPGAs and that is what is happening on a broad basis.
Jon Olson: Motor control and industrial would be one, solid state storage device controllers, there is examples of where people have typically used ASSPs in order to perform those functions. Now, needing custom algorithms to improve energy consumption and motor control, for example, et cetera, are using FPGAs for that, not ASSPs.
Sabi – Raymond James: All right. Thanks, guys.
Maria Quillard: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 PM Pacific, 8 PM Eastern. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal 2011 will be Wednesday, July 21st, after the market closes. This quarter we'll be presenting at the JPMorgan Technology Conference in Boston, and the UBS Tech Conference in New York City. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-10-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Quillard - Investor Relations Jon A. Olson - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance Moshe N. Gavrielov - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director
Analysts:  Uche Orji – UBS Glen Yeung – Citi Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities Tim Luke – Barclays Capital Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird James Schneider – Goldman Sachs Chris Danely – JPMorgan David Wu – Global Crown Research Srini Pajjuri – CLSA Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets David Wong – Wachovia Wells Fargo Adam Benjamin – Jeffries & Company John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Sumit Dhanda – BAS-ML Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James  Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak  
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is Christian and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx second quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Maria Quillard. Thank you. Ms. Quillard, you may begin your conference.
Maria Quillard: Thank you and good afternoon. With me today are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the September quarter, then we will open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements.  This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Maria. During today’s commentary I will review our business results for the September quarter. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the December quarter. September quarter sales increase 10% sequentially to $415 million, higher than our original guidance of up 2% to 6% sequentially and in line with the revised guidance we provided on September 23rd. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, total sales were down 14%. Turns business was 57% for the quarter, flat with the prior quarter. Virtex-5 sales posted exceptional growth during the quarter above and beyond the delinquency carry-overs from last quarter’s supply constraints. Sales from this product family currently exceed 20% of our total revenues. While delinquencies on a few parts remain, by the end of the December quarter, we believe that inventory will largely be at full safety stock levels.  New product sales increased 36% sequentially during the quarter, driven primarily by the Virtex-5 and Spartan-3 FPGA families. Mainstream products increased 4% as we experienced strong growth from Virtex-4 family and base products, which consist of our oldest products, experienced only a slight sequential decline of 1%.  All geographies increased sequentially during the quarter with Europe and Japan posting the strongest growth of 15% and 26% respectively. Strength in Japan was driven by consumer and communications applications, while strength in Europe was related to a broader base of end markets, including communications, industrial, and audio-video broadcast.  Japan sales now represent 9% of total sales, up from 8% in the prior quarter. European sales represent 21% of sales, up from 20% in the prior quarter. North American sales also posted double-digit sales growth in the September quarter, increasing 12% sequentially to represent 35% of total sales, flat with the prior quarter.  Strength in North America was driven by enterprise networking, defense, and audio-video broadcast. Asia-Pacific sales were more or less as expected, increasing 3% sequentially with growth in wireless and consumer offset by declines in wireline. Asia-Pacific sales now represent 35% of total sales, down from 37% in the prior quarter.  In terms of our vertical markets, sales from all major end market categories increased sequentially. Sales from the consumer automotive and data processing categories were particularly strong, increasing 27% and 31% sequentially with strong double-digit growth in all sub-segments.  Consumer and automotive sales now represent 16% of total sales, up from 14% in the prior quarter.  Data processing sales represented 7% of total, up from 6% in the prior quarter. Sales from the industrial and other category increased for the first time in five quarters with growth from all sub-segments. This category comprised 31% of total sales in the September quarter, flat with the prior quarter.  Communication sales increased 4% sequentially, representing 46% of total sales, down from 49% in the prior quarter. Wireless business increased during the quarter while sales to wired communications were flat.  Gross margin for the quarter was 61.9%, up slightly from the prior quarter and above our forecast due to higher-than-anticipated sales growth, lower costs, and the sale of previously reserved inventory.  Operating expenses were $175 million, including $6 million in restructuring charges, in line with our original guidance as higher variable spending associated with higher sales was offset by lower mass cost and overall expense reduction efforts.  Operating margin increased to 20% for the quarter, up from 15% in the prior quarter. Net income during the quarter was $64 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, including the $6 million in restructuring charges, or approximately $0.02 per diluted share.  Operating cash flow for the September quarter was $118 million before $4 million in CapEx. We paid $39 million in cash dividends.  Our durable business model has enabled us to continue to generate healthy cash flows throughout the recent economic downturn. As a result, we announced a $0.02 per common share increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.16 per share. This translates to a dividend yield of nearly 3%, among the highest in the technology industry.  The tax rate in the March quarter was 20%, higher than the 16% previously forecasted. The increase is primarily due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of our profits. As I stated in the call last quarter, as our sales increase in the U.S., our tax rate will increase. We believe that revenue for our fiscal year will exceed previous expectations and as a result more profits in the U.S. are also anticipated.  Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments increased $95 million during the quarter to $1.9 billion. We have approximately $690 million in convertible debt and our net cash position is approximately $1.2 billion.  Day sales outstanding increased three days in the September quarter to 50 days. Combined inventory days in the September quarter were 75, down from 78 days in the prior quarter. We have increased our wafer starts in order to keep pace with the increase in orders. As a result, we expect inventory levels to increase to the low-end of our corporate target of 90 to 100 days in the December quarter.  Now let me turn to a discussion of guidance for the December quarter of fiscal year ’10. Our backlog heading into the December quarter is up double-digits sequentially and is broad-based across our end markets. As we stated on the call last quarter, we will observe an additional accounting week this quarter. We expect this 14th week to contribute to incremental sales growth for the quarter. Given this week occurs at the end of a holiday impacted quarter, our expectation is that it will contribute less than a full week of incremental sales. Additionally, we expect continued growth from Virtex-5 as well as substantial growth from our Virtex-6 and Spartan-3 families. As a result, we are expecting sales to be up 6% to 10% sequentially in the December quarter, with the strongest growth from North America and Europe.  We expect sales from Asia-Pacific and Japan to increase slightly. From an end market perspective, we expect communication sales to be up sequentially, driven by wireline communication, as wireless sales takes a breather. Industrial and other business is expected to increase again, driven by particular strength in test and measurement and industrial, scientific, and medical. We are expecting consumer and data processing to be flat to up slightly sequentially.  The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate of approximately 53%. This is low relative to our turns rate over the last several quarters but we believe it is prudent in light of prior quarters long lead times on certain devices and the uncertainty of the impact on sales of the additional week.  Gross margin is expected to be approximately 62% to 63% sequentially as higher sales are partially offset by strong new product growth. As previously forecasted, operating expenses in the December quarter will be impacted by the additional accounting week, as well as an increase in mass costs, including approximately $3 million of restructuring charges. We are expecting operating expenses to be approximately $186 million in the December quarter.  Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $1 million. The share count is expected to be 278 million shares.  The tax rate for the year is expected to be 19% for the same reasons discussed previously impacting our fiscal Q2.  Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, John and good afternoon to you all. I am very pleased with how our second fiscal quarter turned out from all perspectives, including sales, operations, development, and ongoing cost controls. Definitely a great quarter by all these measures.  During the first half of calendar 2009, Xilinx revenue was driven primarily by our China wireless business. Now we are beginning to see a resurgence in nearly all of our other end markets, strong seasonal growth in our consumer business and with recovery in our industrial, scientific, and medical, automotive, test and measurement and data processing are very encouraging trends.  In the September quarter, we satisfied the majority of pent-up demand for Virtex-5 parts. We also accelerated our ongoing 65-nanometer wafer starts. We expect to build sufficient safety stock for Virtex-5 in the December ending quarter. The lead times for these devices are expected to return to normal levels. Consequently we are well-positioned to address our customers’ supply needs.  Our 65-nanometer leadership position is unparalleled. Virtex-5 continues to be the industry’s largest revenue generating FPGA family shipping today and demand for this product remains strong. Orders in backlog are broad-based across end markets and customers. We expect this family to continue to be the primary sales driver throughout both this fiscal year and next.  In the September quarter, Virtex-5 revenue surpassed 20% total sales and we estimate our 65-nanometer high-end FPGA market share to be over 80%. We expect to see additional growth from Virtex-5 sales in the December quarter as it is approaching $100 million per quarter, a sales milestone achieved by only two previous products in our history. We are building upon our Virtex-5 success with our next generation of FPGA products, Virtex-6 and Spartan-6. By applying all that we have learned from Virtex-5 near flawless execution, we expect the Virtex-6 family to have a faster ramp to volume production than Virtex-5. To date, we have met every key milestone with both our foundry partners, [inaudible] on 40-nanometer with Virtex-6 and Samsung on 45-nanometer with Spartan-6. We have significantly improved our development quality and turnaround cycles versus prior generation. Virtex-6 design wins are outpacing Virtex-5 design wins; at the same point in time, the number of opportunities identified is significantly greater.  I am very encouraged by our product positioning on the high-end of 40-nanometer Virtex-6 FPGA family extends our undisputed 65-nanometer leadership position. Building up on this success, Virtex-6 is the most complete full-featured high-end FPGA family on the market.  In addition, this quarter we announced support for our 11-gigahertz serial technology which is optimized for ultra high-end bandwidth systems in the wire telecommunication and data communications markets. In parallel, Spartan-6 is the industry’s only 45-nanometer high volume FPGA family and the only high-volume FPGA family with embedded transceiver technology. This is an incredibly key technology for Xilinx because it makes us far more competitive in the high-volume arena, as lower cost and lower power -- as the lowest cost and lowest power volume FPGA solution on the market, design wins for Spartan-6 are very strong. Spartan-6 LXD devices are currently being designed into our customer’s next generation products with design win strength coming from consumer, defense, and wired communication. Several Spartan-6 devices are currently shipping. We continue to hit the key milestones in our rollout with this product family.  I am delighted that our R&D success is being delivered while operating within a more financially disciplined environment. We are delivering on our commitment to return more value to our shareholders. The increase in our quarterly dividend this quarter is yet another way that Xilinx is creating additional shareholder value.  To summarize, I am extremely pleased with our performance this quarter and the excellent execution on all fronts. As John mentioned earlier, our backlog position entering the December quarter is strong. In our outlook, we believe we have appropriately taken into account changes in consumer ordering patterns due to tightening capacity across the semiconductor industry.  Our exceptionally strong new product portfolio positions us to further capitalize on future growth opportunities. These are presented both by the recovering economy as well as the more favorable competitive positioning. This relates both to markets historically serviced broadly by ASICS and selectively in some segments by ASSPs. Now let me turn the call back to the Operator to open it up for the Q&A session. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji – UBS: Just very quickly, two parts to one question -- the first is when do you think that Virtex-6 will be ready for volume production and for transitioning from initial R&D wins from your [customers and start to go for volume]? And then secondly, following on top of that, when do you think that we shall start --what will be the -- when should we start to think about your 28-nanometer development and what impact will that have on your R&D say next year?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Well, we -- no, as I mentioned, we are doing really well on all of the deliverables in the Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 programs are on schedule and they are expected to move into production by the end of this fiscal year or earlier.  And then obviously we do all of the programs staggered in time, so we are working on numerous generations of products in parallel and so the next -- we are working on the generation beyond the 40-nanometer as we speak and most of our engineering resources have already moved to implement the new generation of product. 
Uche Orji – UBS: And just one quick follow-on to that -- John, if I look at your gross margins, you are guiding 62 to 63. You know, as we start to see recovery in some of the higher gross margin areas like industrial, should we not expect to see a higher fall-through to gross margins or -- what are the things that are going on within gross margins that drive the high end or the low end of that guidance? Thank you. 
Jon A. Olson: There is a lot of dynamics going on right now, particularly one of the things we’ve learned in the recession is there isn’t anything that’s typical about much of what’s been going on in our business from a lot of perspectives. And in margin, in the margin area, we certainly have been impacted by a customer mix situation in this recession, meaning the small and medium sized customers have not -- you know, went away in larger percentages and proportions than the large customers. And this quarter we saw a slight improvement there, meaning that we got some business increase disproportionately from the medium-sized and small customers and I think as that mix improves, assuming it does depending on how the recovery of the recession is, I think that’s going to be an upward pressure on our margins.  At the same time, there was always a product mix going on, depending on what’s going on out there. We continue to work very strongly towards cost reduction activities on both the new products coming out as well as our V4 and V5 product line that is generating so much of our profit at the company and we will continue to improve those margins out in time, which then also should help our margins go up.  We are committed to our 63% to 65% range in our model and so we are working towards that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Thanks. So my question is kind of looking back on the one hand and then looking forward on another. You know, I know you -- neither of you were at Xilinx's back in 2003 so kind of a question as industry veterans -- if you look back at 2003 and you compare that to now, I wonder if you can give us a sense as to what you think the similarities and differences are broadly from an industry perspective.  And then the second part of this question is as you look into the fourth quarter and to the extent you can look beyond that, that’s great. Just your level of confidence in your three month view here. And I ask this because a lot of chip companies have given guidance and I sense varying degrees of confidence and I just want to know where you fall out on that scale. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: John, why don’t you do the confidence thing and then I’ll think about comparing it with 2003. I assume that the veterans is a euphemism for being old, but I’ll take the compliment. 
Jon A. Olson: The confidence in our December quarter I think is quite high, as we sit here. Going into the quarter with a strong backlog that we have and then knowing that the breadth of end markets that we have booked relative to I would say what had been holding us up for the most part this calendar year has been wireless business and to some extent, aerospace and defense. And we are certainly seeing strength in a variety of different areas and a broader base of customers coming for increased orders. You know, the enterprise network business is pretty significant for us and we certainly have seen strength of late in there, both a little bit this past quarter and in our booking patterns going forward for the December quarter.  So quite frankly, we are feeling pretty good as we sit here right now in the position, even though there are still a lot of turns dollars that have to be booked but by and large our confidence is pretty high for the quarter. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And when I compare this downturn to the previous one, the previous large one, what we -- what characterized that downturn was it was narrow in terms of the applications and it was primarily communications driven but also there was a huge build-up of inventory and to some extent, if you look at the current recovery, the downturn was broad but we are seeing now thankfully broader recovery in numerous areas, so that is good. What didn’t happen this downturn is there wasn’t any huge multi-year inventory build-up and that build-up in the year 2000 was driven by the fact that communications was assumed to continue to grow at a very aggressive compound rate and when we went into this downturn, I think the expectations were a lot more rational and there was a huge focus on inventory management, maybe too much of a focus, hence there was some difficulty in addressing the recovery once it started. But we are seeing breadth now and -- which is encouraging and we are not seeing the issues with inventory that happened then.  Jon, do you want to add -- 
Jon A. Olson: I think from an internal Xilinx perspective, I’ve been here since the middle of ’05, we’ve certainly focused a lot more on the supply chain, both backwards to us but also forward looking through our customers and we really tightened up the signals, shortened them up and I think some of the impact that impacted Xilinx back between 2001, 2003 not just because of the over-supply, it was also Xilinx's inability to get the right mix of product and inventory and we’ve leaned that out tremendously and we have much better systems now to manage those kinds of things and our customers are much -- we’re much tighter to them and it just feels like we know what’s going on a lot better than maybe we did three or four, five years ago. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Pacific Crest. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: John, can you talk a little bit about the data processing segment? I realize it’s the smallest contributor to revenue today but going back a few years, it was up around 13%, 14%, 15%. Can you just remind us what that consists of? In the past storage has been a big contributor and do you expect growth to continue to the point where that segment can get back up to that type of revenue contribution for Xilinx?
Jon A. Olson: Today this business is largely been bounced around by what’s going on with GDP and with the -- what’s been going on in the server space. We don’t have -- we haven’t had for a couple of years a very strong penetration into the pure storage business and so mostly we are ancillary devices in -- somewhere in this chain of servers or processing and storage kinds of devices.  Of late there has been a resurgence of penetration into some new technologies, solid state memory going into the mass storage market for network attached devices, et cetera. And we’ve been participating pretty heavily in that particular segment as a controller device in there and that is actually providing a lot more value in the value chain then maybe the more common glue logic, so it has been a decreasing emphasis of ours over the last few years in terms of trying to find a new opportunity there, mostly because there is not -- it’s not a rich area for SOC kinds of things where we have primarily been focused on.  That being said, we found several opportunities there and I really can't say if it’s ever going to return back to the levels that it did before or not but I think we will always participate in that segment at some level. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks, Jon and then just quickly on the gross margin, can you tell us what the contribution from the zero cost inventory was this quarter and is that going to -- are you going to see that in the December quarter as well?
Jon A. Olson: The things that are in there, the zero cost inventory was not super significant but we are talking about in the neighborhood of less than a half a margin point but still positive there, so it’s not something that is likely going to repeat itself. It just happened to be some devices that we found homes for that we didn’t think we were going to find some homes for and managed to sell through. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thanks a lot, Jon. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Just with respect to what you are outlining on guidance, it sounds like the wireless is going to take a breather -- I just want to clarify that means lower sequentially, I’m imagining. How do you see that shaping going forward? Should we think about the China stuff being sort of flat to lower for the next several quarters with the wireline -- I’m imagining wireline includes all the networking stuff -- increasing going forward? What sort of opportunities do you see in com there?  Separately, it just seems that your turns are lower and you talked about lead times stretching a bit -- could you give us some color on that? I noticed that your primary rival was talking about a 40% turns level with the stretching inventory lead times. And they also separately talked about a 40-nanometer, 60% to 70% share that they are anticipating. Could you give us some color on kind of just what you see there, given that you are now ramping production? Thanks. 
Jon A. Olson: I saw the wireless statements for December, so yes, the interpretation of what I said on the breather means it is going to be -- our wireless business in total will be lower in December, we believe, than September, and that’s driven by the ending or the ramp-down of phase 3 of the TDS CDMA rollout not being offset by additional devices we’re selling into the wide band CDMA business segment. So we are -- overall our total 3G number will be down and for the most part, that’s been driven by China and not by anything else going on the rest of the world. And we do believe that next quarter that our wired business driven primarily by enterprise network activities will increase. Beyond December, we’re really not making a call, other than from the wireless business from China. We do anticipate next year that phase 4 is going to be happening. We have been very active in quoting there’s no -- anything significant in our backlog for that yet and so it’s just really too early to tell exactly when that is going to start and come in, so we are not talking about that at this point.  The turns piece are definitely lower than our run-rate and I think that’s a combination of the fact that our lead times for the last several months have been longer because of the supply constraints and we believe there has been some early positioning in our backlog, therefore we don’t think turns levels will be back I would say to our historic norm of the mid to high 60s in this particular quarter.  Our lead times -- I want to be clear though -- by the end of this quarter our lead times are going to be back to normal more -- pretty much broadly four week lead times as the safety stock will be built up.  Your third question is around share count. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes, let me answer that -- so this relates to what is happening at 40-nanometer and so a couple of things are happening. The first thing which I think is most important is that the 40-nanometer is really a transition point to where a larger, much larger number of applications cannot afford ASICS and are moving to FPGA so my expectation is that generally that transition is happening, we are seeing it across the board. Everything except ultra-high volume applications just need to -- if they won't differentiate the hardware, they go to FPGA. ASICS are no longer viable there, and so our expectation is that from 40-nanometer onward the market potential for FPGAs is growing.  Typically what we have seen in the past is we have had on the high-end 60% of the market, 65-nanometer was -- you know, there really was not very significant competition and our market share rose to 80%. Our expectation is as each of these new generations has a multi-year design in cycle and the designs don’t happen during six months or during a year of these products -- even for design-ins have a multi-year design-in cycle and that design-in cycle we expect to extend due to the transition away from ASICs. Our expectation is that we will have in excess of 50% of the market are traditional customers who have always gone with us, best we can tell are staying with us for most of their designs going forward.  So we view the 40-nanometer node both on the Virtex and in particular also on the Spartan side as a very attractive node for Xilinx. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra of Robert W. Baird
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Did you get any sense from your customers, and I understand it’s still early, in terms of the size of phase four spending relative to phase three in China? 
Jon A. Olson: Based on the quotes, you would say it’s an equal or maybe even slightly larger than phase three but that doesn’t -- just because they are asking us to quote certain volumes over certain time periods doesn’t necessarily guarantee that’s the case but the way the quote activity is shaking up and is shaking out on the size of the orders for us, if those would come in based on those quotes, we think we’d be equal or greater. Some of that could be penetration also and higher penetration into the base stations, for example, of FPGAs versus alternatives that they have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: First of all, could you tell us, John, give us an update on whether you still expect to be in terms of OpEx at the low $160 million level exiting this fiscal year? And then separately, do you expect the same strength you saw in the quarter in terms of small customers to continue into the December quarter? In other words, is that continuing to accelerate as far as you can see?
Jon A. Olson: On the OpEx number, I wouldn’t characterize the 160 as the right place to be, so we had talked about 186 is our forecast for December and in that 186 was $8 million of impact, approximately, from the extra week and then we would see mass costs, which are still significant, in the March quarter decline $3 million to $5 million, so that essentially takes $12 million reduction off the 186 and that puts you in the range of 170 to 175, all things being equal. We still have quite a bit of mass costs going on in the March quarter, so the trend has been up -- this is the peak quarter coming up in December, then we’ll decline in March and next fiscal year there should be a lower mass cost profile for the company in total. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Jon A. Olson: Chris, before you ask me a question, I want to answer the second question that Jim asked around the small customer increase in December, so yes because of the broad base around our end markets growth that we think we will have next quarter, I would anticipate small and medium sized customers to grow.  All right, Chris, sorry. 
Chris Danely – JPMorgan: No problem -- you guys talked about your lead times coming back to normal. I guess that’s about four weeks -- how long did they get?
Jon A. Olson: I think we had some devices that were 14, 16 weeks, that kind of range. Again, not all devices -- this was a handful of V5 or maybe a dozen in the peak of V5s that we had this issue with and it stretched out to be in the 14, 16 week category and then we’ve moved them back some and then by -- basically by the end of December we’ll be back to four weeks pretty broadly. 
Chris Danely – JPMorgan: And then as my follow-up, you talked about getting back to your gross margin target of 63% to 65%, I believe. Can you just put a little more color on how you expect gross margins to trend following this quarter? Should they be gradually up next calendar year?
Jon A. Olson: I don’t really want to venture an answer on that and get too specific because of the dynamics of product mix and customer mix and the fact that the recovery, if it happens as interestingly as the recession hit us, it’s really difficult to forecast kind of quarter by quarter going forward. I would anticipate a -- like I said, a positive contribution from the customer mix and a positive contribution from continued cost reduction and we have quite a few cost reduction programs lined up with contribution scheduled over the next four quarters, so I’m hopeful it will keep moving up but it’s too hard to know for sure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wu with Global Crown Research.
David Wu – Global Crown Research: I was wondering, Jon, on the issue of product mix, if we are going to be in a ramp phase for both Spartan-6 and Virtex-6 in fiscal ’11, would the usual hit in -- newer products tend to get lower gross margin show up in terms of your improvement in gross margin for fiscal ’11 relative to what progress you have made to date? And the other thing I was just wanting clarification on, what’s the mix of your large versus small customers, small, medium-sized customers in terms of percentage revenue contribution?
Jon A. Olson: So David, on the first one on product mix, well clearly the introduction of a new product family, and in our case two new product families, doesn’t -- those products don’t come out of the chute with high margins and it’s dependent on how many units we put through and how much yield earnings is going on and all the classic things, so yes, just categorically they are a drag on our overall margin but at the same time, I want to remind you that Virtex-5 is a huge contributor to our profits and we’ve been doing a really good job of increasing our yields there and improving margins there and there is more capability to do that in our -- we would do everything we can to try to help make sure that offset any of the decline and hopefully even make up more than that through a broad-based cost improvement. So it is a fact that product mix has a downward pressure but we have a lot of other things we are working on to try to offset that and improve margins overall.  On the large customer versus small customer mix, I think the way I characterized it in the past is we look at our top 50 customers and describe how much our top -- how much revenue is defined by our top 50 customers and we’ve been -- in the worst point we’ve been in in the recession, it’s been in the low 60s, low 60% number and it’s starting to move its way back up a little bit. So you can do the math on that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Jon, you said the extra week is helping you in terms of the revenue impact for the December quarter. As we look out to the March quarter, I guess my question is what kind of impact do you think that will have on your normal seasonality? And also if you can share with us what your normal seasonality for the March quarter is, that would be great. 
Jon A. Olson: Well, I don’t think having 14 weeks in December has much to do at all with March, other than there’s a few percentage points of revenue maybe that we are getting out of it. You know, when you look at the way the calendar has worked for us, our 14-week ends on January 2nd, so essentially we’ve gotten our calendar back to more normal and closer to the monthly cycle. So in and of itself, I don’t think it’s a huge detractor or contributor to any change one way or the other.  Basically it’s way too early to understand how this recovery is going to impact us. There’s no seasonal patterns anymore, it seemed like. I mean, what we would have normally anticipated for a September based on seasonal or December on a seasonal seems to be kind of out the window. We’re not growing a few percentage points in the recovery -- we’re growing 10 in each of these quarters, or eight and 10 and eight respectively and that’s really not what you would look historically about the company.  So it’s really hard to say gee, our normal seasonal pattern is up in March and you know, you can count on us being up because I don’t know if that is the case or not. 
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Okay, and then quickly on the wireline, coming back a bit here. I’m just wondering if you have any visibility into saying that whether this is just a year-end [inaudible] or if these are new programs -- if you can provide us any color, that would be great. Thank you. 
Jon A. Olson: I don’t know about the budget flush issue. I think one of the things that is encouraging in the wireline area is that some of our medium-sized customers there are forecasted to order more parts, which would indicate that there’s more breadth going on in the wireline than just the networking people holding us up. And so that’s kind of encouraging from that perspective. So it does feel like this isn’t just the network guys getting better and starting to sell more products through. It does feel like there’s a little more breadth going on. 
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: The industrial segment, you said that most of the growth is coming from that. Usually Q4 is a strong defense quarter. You didn’t call out that one. Can you give us the color on how defense is doing?
Jon A. Olson: Defense was up some in the September quarter and we are really not anticipating it to grow I would say to our typical rate of increase in the December quarter, and that’s really predicated on a few specific programs that we’ve been monitoring and the buying patterns, and maybe some of that is explained by getting caught up in some of the program budget changes going on in the Department of Defense, even though we believe over the long haul we are a net benefactor from some of those changes. In the short-run, that could be part of the explanation. I’m really not sure of that.  So we are expecting I would say a flat to modest increase in defense in the December quarter, but not our usual jump up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wachovia Wells Fargo.
David Wong – Wachovia Wells Fargo: Thank you very much. Can you give us some idea as to wafer supply? Are you seeing any tightening in wafer supply? Does this affect the pricing or is there some reason to think that there might be constraints in the future?
Jon A. Olson: I don’t think we are really seeing any tightness in overall wafer supply now that we are -- you know, we started a huge number of wafers and we feel that we are going to be caught up this quarter pretty much. We don’t see to be having an issue getting any starts for this quarter. It will be delivered into the March quarter, so we are really not experiencing any significant tightness there. And the pricing patterns really haven’t changed a great deal either. I mean, we negotiate on a multiple rolling quarters going forward and we typically have price declines as technologies become more mature every quarter or every other quarter and those have continued per our roadmap and our budgetary negotiated prices.  So we are not experiencing anything there that’s detrimental. 
David Wong – Wachovia Wells Fargo: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Benjamin with Jeffries.
Adam Benjamin – Jeffries & Company: Thanks, guys. I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on the wireless business and the extra week and if you can just talk about the linearity of the orders in Q4 for what you expect, just in terms of the business being down if the extra week has an impact or not, in terms of how we should be thinking about that business.  And then secondly, if you can talk a little bit about competitive lead times which we’ve heard from several of the semi companies stretching out and impacting them. I’m just curious what you are seeing and where you are seeing the most significant lead times right now in terms of end markets. Thanks. 
Jon A. Olson: From the wireless perspective, I would say we are average to above average book for the quarter business for the December quarter. I think some of the strength that we’ve seen or some of the issues around our long lead times earlier over the last few months has caused them to do some early booking and some of that would be in the wireless business, hence our lower turns number.  The 14-week, I don’t think that has a huge impact, again because we’ve encompassed both the Christmas and New Year’s week in this 14-weeks and it’s just kind of -- you know, typically we’ve been relatively slow in at least one of those two weeks, pretty slow in one of those two weeks and historically and so that is why we are counting on it to be a small impact.  Lead times, I’d say the only thing that we might be experiencing that’s considered more tightness on lead times has been in the assembly and test areas. We’ve been pretty clear as we’ve gone through our transition of moving more tests to outsource, as we’ve described in our restructuring of the company a couple of quarters ago, working very closely with suppliers, both assembly and test in this case in order to reestablish our volume expectations there. And I think because we were very early in going through all that, we certainly aren’t experiencing any issues with respect to Xilinx builds going on but I think there is a sense that there’s more tightness going on overall in that part of the supply chain. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Jon, you alluded to earlier the fact that with the Virtex-5 family you still think there’s some cost-savings there. Is it meaningful? Can you help me quantify it? If you look at where yields are today versus where you think you can take them, how much of a gross margin driver is left there or is it mainly volume? And then my second question, just quickly, when you look at the automotive and industrial segments, help me understand your concern around the sustainability, especially in automotive, given some of the stimulus that we had in the calendar third quarter relative to end demand?
Jon A. Olson: Yeah, on the V5, let’s start with the V5 cost-savings -- I mean, every point of yield that you can lower, you know, we’re talking about $1 million or more than you can benefit yourself, right? So there’s -- at this stage of our volume, in terms of cost of goods sold, so the more we can work on these things and find improvements, not just back at the fab but anywhere in terms of cost reduction, in terms of negotiating better prices with suppliers on substrates and packages and things like that, it’s really a full court press that could -- you know, that can contribute these things and we are certainly aware that with new technologies coming on, that there’s going to be downward pressure with product mix and we need to find ways to offset this to support our business model.  I’m not -- I don’t know that this is any -- usually different than maybe some past generations but we certainly are keenly aware of it and it’s a big focus of ours.  On the auto area in terms of the auto part of our business, we definitely had strength there and we do feel like we are returning from the depths of hardly anything, it seemed like, to some business there, which is good but it’s got to move up and down with the GDP and the automobile sales over the long haul. You know, the stimulus package obviously had some impact on builds of automobiles and I am sure we are participating in that but we are not expecting a sequential quarter after quarter increase necessarily in that part of the business. It will be choppy, I suspect. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda with BAS-ML.
Sumit Dhanda – BAS-ML: A couple of questions -- so the first question I had, Jon, was the current assumption of 53 versus 57 in the September quarter -- and that’s 53% based on a full 14 weeks, meaning that if you compare it apples to apples, 13 weeks, are you assuming flat turns because of the holiday week and the assumption that they will do -- that you will do very little business then?
Jon A. Olson: Well, it is the turns considered in the full 14 week quarter. I haven’t tried to quite trace that through my head yet about what normalizing it to 13 weeks would be. I think the two factors that are impacting us on the lower turns assumption is the fact that we think we are reasonably booked going in and because of the long lead times that we had a couple of few months ago, and the fact that that last week isn’t -- that last week isn’t going to contribute very much. I think those are probably the biggest factors to why that number is lower than our historic. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: More a strategic question for Moshe -- your foundries, Samsung and UMC, are these strategic partners or are you going to hold with them for the next node beyond 40-nanometer? Are you considering using perhaps DSMC? What’s the foundry strategy going forward?
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Hans, every process node we look at everyone how is available and trust me, they all want do business with Xilinx and we choose who are the best partners based on having the technology, having the right commercial arrangements, and so we are very good at doing this. We’ve done it several times very successfully and we’ve managed to demonstrate leadership throughout, so no, at any point we feel very comfortable in our ability to use the best foundries available. We don’t have anything to announce at this point in time. When we do decide and we will roll it out, we’ll definitely figure out who the right foundry partners are and communicate that. 
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Okay, fair enough. And then a more technical question -- 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Could I just clarify that when you talk about a recovery, a return to normal in your safety stock, are you referencing Xilinx safety stock or distributor safety stock? And then the second question is Moshe, at the beginning you mentioned that you are seeing more breadth in your business. If you were to kind of say one is the limited amount of breadth that you saw in the worst part of the down cycle and 10 is normal breadth you would see in an up cycle, where would you characterize your breadth today?
Jon A. Olson: The safety stock issue, I was referring to Xilinx's safety stock, which is generally typified by what we hold in tie banks, so the distributor safety stock issue isn’t really appropriate. Our distributor inventory is based on their order patterning and keeping them as lean as we possibly can jointly in order to reduce their working capital and to increase our flexibility in die bank to build the right part. So I was referring to Xilinx inventory, primarily die bank safety stock. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And with regard to your question on the breadth, no, there was a period of time during the downturn where there were two sources of light at the end of the tunnel. One was Chinese wireless and the other was [AND] and in reality, most if not all other markets were suffering and shrinking. They hadn’t gone away but they were down significantly.  What we are seeing now is across the board, across all of our markets and across all of our geographies and the numbers Jon has shared with you we are seeing much better results and we are seeing a recovery in terms of orders and so it went down and there were two points of light and now it’s coming across -- it’s coming back up and there’s significant light in all areas at this point and significant interest and a lot of shipments in all of our markets. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: My apologies -- I thought I took myself offline. Sorry, I’m good. Thank you. 
Operator: Mr. Furlong has withdrawn his question. Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird. 
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Just a quick follow-up -- how much more decline do you expect in mass costs beyond the March quarter in fiscal ’11? And also, when do we expect 65-nanometer crossover with 90-nanometer?
Jon A. Olson: On the first one, we are really not characterizing our fiscal year ’11 yet in terms of mass costs but I would expect just generally the quarter following March, we would again see a similar kind of decline again that we did -- that I stated between December and March, so I think it will gradually come down over two or three quarters.  And then the 65-nanometer crossover with 90 -- is that what -- 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, if you are referring to mass costs, they don’t cross over. 
Jon A. Olson: Right, but -- 
Operator: There appear to be no further questions at this time. Maria Quillard, do you have any closing remarks?
Maria Quillard: No. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific, 8:00 p.m. Eastern. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. We will not be providing a scheduled mid-quarter update for the December ending quarter. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of FY10 will be Wednesday, January 20th after the market closes. This quarter we will be presenting at the Wachovia tech day and Barclays Capital semiconductor conferences. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the second quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-07-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Maria Quillard – IR Jon Olson – SVP & CFO Moshe Gavrielov – President & CEO 
Analysts:  Uche Orji – UBS Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse Glen Yeung – Citi Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird Chris Danely – JPMorgan Tim Luke – Barclays Capital David Wu – Global Crown Research James Schneider – Goldman Sachs Srini Pajjuri – CLSA Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets  Adam Benjamin – Jeffries & Company  David Wong – Wells Fargo Sumit Dhanda – BAS-ML 
Presentation: 
Operator: Good afternoon. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx’s first quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Maria Quillard. Thank you. Ms. Quillard, you may begin your conference.
Maria Quillard: Thank you and good afternoon to everyone. With me today are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review for the June quarter and then we will open the call for questions. This quarter we changed our revenue by product category classification. The last time we changed this classification was three years ago. We do this on a regular basis as product families age and new products are introduced making the product categories more meaningful for investors. A five quarter history of both the new and old methodology is posted on our Investor Relations website under the Quarterly Results page.  Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being web cast live. It can be accessed from our Investor Relations website. Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you Maria, during today’s commentary I will review our business results for the June quarter. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the September quarter. June quarter sales decreased 5% sequentially to $376.2 million in line with the revised guidance we provided on July 2.  Compared to the same quarter a year ago total sales were down 23%. Turns business was 57% for the quarter down from 66% in the prior quarter. I’d like to take a couple of minutes now to discuss the supply constraints that impacted Xilinx during the June quarter.  These constraints were primarily related to certain Virtex-5 devices which were in high demand. Yields of our wafers out of the factory met our expectation. The biggest factor leading to the constraints pertained to the ramp up of our foundries from a very low utilization level to a high utilization level resulting in through put issues.  We were aware early in the quarter that a limited set of V-5 parts were constrained. However achieving our revenue range is dependent on a mix of turns which is difficult to forecast. In the last four weeks of the quarter more turns than we had anticipated were for the impacted Virtex-5 parts.  Removing the business impact of the supply constraints we estimate our June quarter sales would have been essentially flat sequentially and Virtex-5 sales would have approached 20% of total sales.  As Maria mentioned earlier we reclassified our product categories during the quarter to better reflect the introduction of new products and the maturing of other products. Based on our revised category definitions, new product sales increased 3% sequentially and 60% on a year over year basis.  Mainstream and base products experienced sequential declines of 6% and 8% respectively. From a geographic perspective Asia Pacific was the only region to experience sales growth during the quarter increasing 2% sequentially to represent a record 37% of total sales.  With respect to communications in Asia Pacific region wireless sales were up sequentially and wire line sales were down. Sales from North America, Europe, and Japan were down 6%, 13%, and 4% sequentially respectively.  North America sales were characterized by strength in wire communications that was offset by all other end markets. European sales decreased sequentially in all end markets except consumer which was flat. In Japan consumer sales increased while sales from all of other end markets decreased.  In terms of our vertical markets, sales from all major end market categories declined sequentially. Communication sales decreased 2% sequentially representing 49% of total sales up from 47% in the prior quarter. Declines from wire line more than offset slight growth from wireless. The industrial and other end market declined as expected. Defense sales were approximately flat but declining sales from industrial, scientific and medical and test and measurement.  Sales from industrial and other currently represent 31% of total sales, down from 32% in the prior quarter. Consumer and automotive sales declined 5% sequentially during the quarter. Pure consumer sales increased driven by growth in flat panel and set top box designs but was offset by weakness in audio video broadcast and automotive.  Consumer sales now represents 14% of total sales, flat with the prior quarter. Lastly data processing sales declined 19% sequentially to 6% of total sales down from 7% in the prior quarter due to broad based weakness.  Gross margin for the quarter was 61.8% down from 62.1% in the prior quarter as the mix of customers was skewed towards large customers versus small customers. R&D and SG&A expense declined over 5% sequentially to $157 million, lower than anticipated as a result of continued spending discipline during the quarter.  Restructuring expense was $15.8 million, higher than our guidance of $11 to $13 million. A greater number of employees impacted by the transition were notified of their status in fiscal Q1 than was previously anticipated. Additionally we anticipate the full year estimate of restructuring reserve required to complete the transition will be approximately $26 million.  This amount is slightly higher than the previous estimate of $21 to $23 million due to higher retention expenses and some modification in employee packages. The remaining $10 million post Q1 recognition of expenses are expected to be spread over the September, December and March quarters of fiscal 2010. While the timing of the charges are dependent on achieving transition milestones, we expect most of this charge to be incurred in the September and December quarters. Net income during the quarter was $38 million or $0.14 per diluted share. And was impacted by a couple of factors.  First we reversed $8.7 million of interest income recognized in previous quarters related to the loss of a court case on tax matters that I will discuss shortly. Secondly as I just mentioned our restructuring charges were approximately $3 million higher than anticipated. Collectively these items represented approximate $0.07 per diluted share after tax.  Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $128 million before $5 million in CapEx and we paid $39 million in cash dividends. The tax rate in the March quarter was 18%, lower than the 21% previously forecasted. The reduction is primarily due to the restructuring charges previously discussed, refinements of earlier accruals to our tax litigation and other uncertain tax positions, and the fact that our US income is lower due to the declining revenues associated with the economic realities.  With regard to the tax litigation mentioned a few times, on March 27, 2009 the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in a two to one decision, reversed an earlier tax court decision and found that the company should include stock options in its cost sharing agreements.  This issue impacts fiscal years 1996 and forward. As you can imagine there are many complexities associated with the accounting treatment. That being said, we had accrued a significant portion of the liability. There was an impact to the current period interest income and expense as stated previously, a charge in accruals for uncertain tax positions including a refinement to our reserve for cost sharing of stock option, and an adjustment to various balance sheet accounts associated with the accruals.  We believe that the Ninth Circuit Court majority decided the case incorrectly and we plan on filing a petition in Q2 fiscal 2010 seeking a re hearing. Let me now comment on the balance sheet, cash and investments increased $102 million during the quarter to $1.8 billion. We have approximately $690 million in convertible debt and our net cash position is approximately $1.1 billion.  In Q1 we implemented a new accounting treatment for convertible debt, FSPAPB 14-1. This required accounting treatment impacts how the nature of our debt instrument is reflected in the balance sheet and through the P&L and also adjusts our historic presentation of the balance sheet and income statement.  Specifically we have reclassed approximately $338 million of the outstanding balance of $690 million from long-term debt to the equity section of the balance sheet in the June quarter. This amount will be amortized over the remaining 28 year life to the long-term debt category with some charge to the interest expense line.  Our obligation to debt holders remains at $690 million at the end of the quarter regardless of the accounting presentation. Day sales outstanding decreased three days in the June quarter to 47 days. Combined inventory days in the March quarter were 78, down from 90 days in the prior quarter and below our stated inventory target of 90 to 100 days. We are expecting inventory levels to grow to the low end of our corporate target in the September quarter.  Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the September quarter of fiscal 2010. Our backlog in the September quarter is up in double-digits but primarily a result of our increased delinquencies. We continue to be cautious about the overall demand environment but have observed signs of stability in selected end markets.  On the positive side however we are experiencing growth from Virtex-5 during the quarter as supply constraints are relieved and this product continues to gain traction in the market. As a result we are expecting sales to be up 2% to 6% sequentially in the September quarter with all geographies flat to up slightly with the exception of Europe.  From an end market perspective we expect communication sales to be flattish sequentially with potential declines from wire line communications offset by potential increases in wireless communication.  Industrial and other business is expected to increase slightly sequentially as increases in test and measurement and defense sales are offset by decreased industrial, scientific and medical sales. We are expecting consumer and data processing to be up sequentially. The mid part of our sales guidance is predicated on returns rate in the low 50’s.  Gross margin is expected to be approximately 61% sequentially due to the fact that we expect to experience stronger than typical growth in our new products which are slightly below corporate gross margin coupled with customer mix which we are anticipating to be skewed to our larger customers that drive high volume business.  We do expect gross margin to recover to the range of 61% to 63% again in the December quarter. Combined operating expenses including approximately $5 million of restructuring charges are expected to be approximately $175 million in the September quarter. We continue to expect fiscal 2010 operating expenses excluding all restructuring charges to decline approximately 2% to 4% versus fiscal year 2009. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $3 million. The share count is expected to be 278 million shares. The tax rate for Q2 and our fiscal 2010 is expected to be approximately 16%. This rate is substantially lower than our previously published rate of 21% for the fiscal year. The primary factors which led to the reset of the rate are the restructuring reserve and the fact that we are earning less income in the United States.  As the US market recovers, we anticipate that the rate will move back towards the historic rate. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe. 
Moshe Gavrielov : Thank you Jon and good afternoon to you all. Jon covered a lot of territory in his commentary and my focus today will be primarily on product. However first I’d like to emphasize that Jon and I have worked in concert during the past 18 months to establish and operating structure that prioritizes financial rigor and efficiency. To that extent I am exceptionally pleased with the progress we have made in introducing our next generation product while working in a far more disciplined framework. The March quarter we introduced and began sampling initial devices in both Spartan-6 and Virtex-6 product families.  This quarter we released our newest software to the public which significantly improves run times, quality, and overall capacity. This latest software which supports both and all of the Spartan-6 and the Virtex-6 FPGA devices is currently being widely adopted by our very broad base of several thousands of customers.  Our Spartan-6 family is the industry’s first and only high volume 45-nm FPGA family shipping today. This is a very important milestone for Xilinx because it makes us far more competitive in the high volume arena. As the lowest cost and lowest power FPGA solution on the market customer demand for Spartan-6 is high.  Spartan-6 LXT devices which for the first time offer low cost integrated transceivers along with PCIE are beginning to be designed into our customers’ next generation products including digital displays, software defined radio, ultrasound equipment, and driver assist programs.  Furthermore we are encouraged by our foundry partner, Samsung, and their progress to date. Samsung was a natural foundry choice for Spartan-6 giving their proven manufacturer of advanced high volume, low power solution.  In addition to the silicon and software [pre verified] reference designs targeting Spartan-6 devices, with fully integrated evaluation kits are now shipping. These kits are expanding our customer base by providing tools which [inaudible] PGA designers can very quickly learn to use to program FPGAs.  They help our customers shorten their development cycles, focus their engineering resources on creating greater product differentiation. On the high end our 40-nm Virtex-6 FPGA family extends our undisputed leadership position. Virtex-6 is the lowest power, highest capacity, and higher performance FPGA on the market.  Virtex-6 has 15% higher performance and 50% lower system power consumption compared to competitive 40-nm FPGA offerings. Quoting activity has been strong and we are very pleased with design win momentum so far.  Like Spartan-6 we are shipping Virtex-6 FPGA evaluation kits. These are the first in a series of kits that Xilinx will offer throughout this year designed to simplify the evaluation and development of our latest generation of programmable technology. Coming later a more specific evaluation kits aimed at engineers in a particular technical area such as connectivity or DSP.  After that we will be introducing market specific kits aimed at unique high growth end markets. In summary I am extremely pleased with our next generation product development efforts. In parallel our continued focus on operating model improvement has allowed us to develop these products while improving our expense structure.  We are meeting our initial product milestones and receiving strong design win activity for both the Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families. We are the undisputed high volume FPGA leader today with our Spartan-6 FPGA family.  Additionally the introduction of our targeted design platforms further differentiates us from other PLD companies by providing an integrated PLD design solution which improve our customers’ design experience while reducing their overall development time and cost.  Xilinx’s strong new product portfolio should allow us to take advantage of future growth opportunities as we continue to benefit from accelerated ASIC and ASSP replacement. All of this is being accomplished while operating with a more financially disciplined framework.  This is reflected in the reduction of our operating expenses. The June quarter SG&A expense is down 21%, R&D expense is down 8% versus the same quarter of the prior year. Simply put we’re spending more responsibly while improving our product portfolio and competitive position.  Now let me turn the call over for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Uche Orji – UBS
Uche Orji – UBS: Let me start off by asking a quick question as to what confidence you have now that the supply chain constraints that you had in the initial ramp last quarter is completely dealt with now and for the guidance you have in the current quarter, that those issues will not be repeated. Then secondly I just want to get a sense of what, where gross margins could go going forward if you can give us a sense as to what the long-term model will be. There was a kind of expectation from last quarter that we should be heading up, but given the poor [inaudible] in gross margin in the current quarter is there any sense that we should get as to what the long-term model should be. 
Moshe Gavrielov : With regards to our guidance this reflects all of the data we have today and there is always some uncertainty but we believe that the issues have been addressed and we’re moving forward with vigor to supply all of the parts that our customers have ordered from us. 
Jon Olson : I’ll just make one comment about the supply chain, we certainly have gone into quite a detailed level in going through this handful or so of parts that we are limited on and I think we’ve been working very closely on I’ll say at least a daily basis, maybe even closer to an hourly basis with our foundry partners to fill that gap up.  So consistent with what Moshe said, you don’t know what could happen but we think we’ll have for the most part we’ll have this alleviated in a quarter. With respect to your gross margin question of where it could go, I think in the last call I was probably a little more bullish about how fast gross margin might go back up but quite frankly it really is dependant on a lot of different kinds of mix issues and just to give you a little bit of information, if you look at our top 50 customers and the decline, the percentage decline in our business from them from the peak which was one year, a quarter ago, Q1 in fiscal 2009 then look at the remainder of our customers so the broad base of all these other customers, the revenue impact is pretty stark.  Its approaching three times the percentage decline for the broad base customers and the top 50 and that customer mix if you will, has a pretty significant impact and can be a point or two drag on our margin in terms of our model, a point or two changing is pretty significant for us.  In addition to the fixed cost absorption issue that we do have with lower revenue as I would anticipate, as revenue picks up we will pick up some of those broad based customers and in those situations we tend to have better margins because its volume based issue. They pay us a higher price for a lower volume than the very large customers that we have.  So I’m still confident that our long-term model is 63 to 65. The question is when does that mix start getting back into balance as the economic situation comes back on balance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse
Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse: I want to follow-up on the margin mix issue and if you could talk about how much is coming from having sequentially in the third quarter from the small customer mix and how much of it is a factor of the 65-nm business that pushed out booking next quarter and is that a function that a quarter or two from now you could get further along on the yield curve if its less of a factor. 
Jon Olson : Clearly as we move along the yield curve and the foundries get up to high utilization again at the tool set, I think all those things tend to work in our favor. But even though our yields out of the factory are reasonable, we’re just not getting enough wafers and we need to get enough wafers out and we need to get to the other side of that and I think we will get the normal acceleration of that margin on newer products.  With respect to the next quarter, our Q2 fiscal 2010 which is Q3 calendar, the customer mix will be a little more skewed. It will continue to get a little more skewed to the top customers particularly because the delinquencies are focused on these larger customers that are focused on a variety of applications. China wireless is probably the leading application for that and that tends to have some downward margin pressure which is why we’ve guided the mid point down, the mid point of our range down effectively a point. 
Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse: A quarter ago you mentioned the concern about the gap in third quarter and the push out obviously helps a bit but did anything else change in terms of the China program on bookings to give you a bit more confidence and if you were to say forward visibility, if you were to think about into second half of continued momentum there. 
Jon Olson : It’s hard to have a lot of confidence going forward with the supply situation we’re in and the long lead times. So we have the issue of our key customers in the China area knowing that we have longer lead times so their ordering patterns have had to I would assume have had to have changed some. That gives us some mixed signals. While we’re catching up we’re certainly aware that the contracts for the next phase are starting to be whispered and rumored who’s winning and there’s been some adjustment of cancellations, push outs, changes, what parts they want among the broad base of customers that are supporting China.  So I would expect this sorts itself out in the next quarter as the awards become more public and they get their ordering patterns together, but right now it’s a little hard for me to look ahead another quarter with much confidence just because I think we’re in the realignment of backlog period right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung – Citi
Glen Yeung – Citi: If I were to look at the nitpicky numbers here and did some math on your September quarter guidance its actually slightly above normal seasonal, I wonder if I’m being to nitpicky or is there something I read into that. 
Jon Olson : In speaking of the revenue guidance, actually I think its fairly in line with seasonal. We said that the delinquencies essentially would have had us more in the mid point of our range and if you add that back to, then compare that, add that to where we’re going to end up, we’re within a few million dollars of revenue of that and seasonally we’re normally flat to down a little bit, a point or two.  And so that kind of explains adding back the five percentage points that we’re off and the mid point range is the 4% growth and so that would put us net down 1%. If you could kind of rebalance those delinquencies. 
Glen Yeung – Citi: I think I might be getting different math but the net of it is you’re suggesting that your guidance is largely seasonal at this point. 
Jon Olson : Yes. 
Glen Yeung – Citi: And then I heard your commentary about China wireless, I understand its always hard to pick and choose especially when those orders haven’t been defined yet, but what about on the wire line side there, what’s your sense as to one the trajectory of demand, and then perhaps I don’t know if its more importantly but also I guess the conditions of inventory change in that business. Are we at a point now where people are no longer reducing inventory and are actually trying to build some back into the wire line business. 
Jon Olson : If I think about the wire line business and first talk about the networking infrastructure piece, I think we are seeing stabilization. I think that’s one of the points that I made that were in terms of some of the pieces where we are seeing stabilization. I think we do feel in the network infrastructure piece that orders are more stable, they’re done cutting inventory and now we’re back to more normal demand sell through kinds of situations. That doesn’t mean every quarter goes up from here but I don’t think we’re going to see, if you drew a line starting with this quarter out in time, I don’t think you’re going to see a big trend down or much of a trend down at all. I think you’ll see some ups and downs of a few million plus or minus.  I think we feel pretty good about that environment being stabilized. The rest of the wire line is not necessarily that case. We continue to experience downs this quarter in the rest of the wire line so its, I can’t predict that we’re stabilized there yet. [inaudible] and those kinds of things, I don’t necessarily feel like its stable yet. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Given that the supply constraints appear to be behind, do you expect Virtex-5 to reach 20% of revenues in the September quarter and also when do you think Virtex-5 margins get to the corporate average. 
Jon Olson : We do think Virtex-5 will be in that range of 20% next quarter. I’m not giving you a hard number but plus or minus a percent or so. We should be in that range. Virtex-5 [yields] and margins are not far off that corporate margins. I hope that didn’t get characterized too negative but nonetheless I think on average as the broad base of V-5 demand picks back up and even with the price pressures of the very large China wireless business, I think overall those margins within a quarter or two are pretty much dead center of the corporate model. 
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: And also you mentioned OpEx guidance for the year, looking at SG&A and R&D so excluding the restructuring we’re still at level higher than a few years ago or in other words if we had basically the same OpEx when your revenues were 15 or 20% higher how much room is there to further cut operating expenses and maybe give us a sense of what can be done longer-term beyond the near-term steps you’ve been taking. 
Jon Olson : The data that I looked at, remember that we did have restructuring in last year’s expense number as well so you have to take out, if you’re trying to do this without this one large lump in both years, you take those out, and then if you just compare that to all the historic years before that plus or minus when stock option expensing started to hit OpEx, I think you’ll see a pretty significant decline over the last three or four years in spending.  And I think Moshe was trying to point that out that we’re very committed to continuing to run in an efficient operating model and clearly as revenue goes back up we’re not going to be adding spending at the same rate that we had declined in those time periods.  So we continue to look for opportunities to take cost out of the company broadly. We announced last quarter this multi quarter transition plan which is what’s the driver of the restructuring expenses in there which is a matter of taking some positions out of the company now and then throughout the next several quarters and then building up that capability in Asia and that is ongoing and as we get to the end of it at the end of our fiscal year we should see some more spending improvement on top of that.  That doesn’t mean we’re at the end, that just means that we’re at the end of this particular phase. We have other ideas and other things that we’re thinking about in order to take more dollars out. So we are committed to taking dollars out and getting more product out per engineering dollar over time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely – JPMorgan
Chris Danely – JPMorgan: I know you’re not talking about anything beyond this quarter but can you give us a sense of what now that things are getting back to normal I guess somewhat, what do you think normal seasonality will be for the December quarter. 
Jon Olson : I don’t know are we normal, what does the manifesto say about that. I’m not sure. We still think, we think there’s a seasonal December quarter ahead of us and we think that’s again will be helped supported by A&D and to some degree consumer business. While the consumer business is not showing the same level of seasonality as it has in the past it is going up and we’ve been very successful in our designs in that area.  And so we still feel that that has growth in this next quarter and the following quarter as well. So those are two bright spots. If the wireless business is at least stable at this higher level, I would think we would end up seasonally up in December if I were estimating sitting here today. 
Chris Danely – JPMorgan: By the way, I’ve changed from the manifesto to the Dairy Queen, I guess that’s the only way I’m going to get a double dip. As my second question, on the OpEx side, going forward is there anything we need to look out for in terms of [mask] costs or can you expect OpEx to trend up but less than sales from here on out. 
Jon Olson : So we clearly are still in the adding several million of [masks] per quarter between this last quarter that we just announced and the coming quarter that we’re in right now and then again in the December quarter, going up and then they will come back down, start to come back down a little bit.  I think we still are going to experience some rollercoaster up and down but because we put both product families on top of each other even though we’ve done a number of things to control our costs by the way, things have gone, we’re going to see this trend up for two quarters and then back down a few quarters.  The other thing that’s hitting us in the December quarter which is not necessarily something that’s easy to talk about but we do have a even week calendar in this company and we happen to have a 53 week year in fiscal 2010 and our extra week of spending is in the December quarter. So that 14th week of spending is in the December quarter and that accounts for approximately $8 million of spending increase that’s going to hit us.  So there’s going to be a spike up in December on spending for this extra week of spending along with a few million dollars of [mast] increase. 
Chris Danely – JPMorgan: But then I guess the spike down in the March quarter, right. 
Jon Olson : Yes. Then you’ll see that $8 million going away in the March quarter along with mask expense going down several million dollars. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke – Barclays Capital
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: I just want to make sure I’m totally clear on your guidance for the OpEx sequentially, can you just talk us through, you’re saying that if you, excluding the $5 million of restructuring the OpEx number which was 157 excluding the $15 million of restructuring is now going to be flat or you’re saying its going to be 175 basically minus 5. Can you just talk through that and then maybe talk through what the expectation should be for December just to be clear.
Jon Olson : So the forecast for the September quarter was $175 million of OpEx and included in that was $5 million of restructuring so that’s $170 million. 
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: So actually its going up $10 million in OpEx.
Jon Olson : No actually its going up—
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Once you exclude the restructuring but you add it to the June period. And that’s just mask costs. 
Jon Olson : So in that $11 million is several things, one is mask costs are going up $3 to $5 million, that kind of a range. If you dissect the same numbers for Q1 you’ll see that we under spent our base OpEx and specifically what happened is we didn’t hire people into the transition positions like we had anticipated. And that was worth several million dollars of lower spending in Q1. We will catch up with that hiring. So we have the catch up of that hiring going on in Q2, let’s say a few million dollars along with the mask costs, and our revenue is higher so we have a couple of million dollars of commissions and other profit dependent kinds of expenses that we have. That sort of explains this $10-ish million that you threw at me. 
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: And then for December. 
Jon Olson : So then for the December quarter we have slightly less restructuring, a small decrease in restructuring and we also have several million dollars of mask costs that are going up but we also have this extra week of spending because of the 14th week in that quarter which is approximately $8 million. So you’ll see us go up again. 
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: It seems a little more elevated than the ranges in the sort of 165-ish that you had outlined previously. Does that mean the masks costs are in some ways sort of accelerated in terms of spending or what is the key variable. 
Jon Olson : There’s only a little bit of mask costs. Some of it is this 14th week I really didn’t talk about a lot and I didn’t give a full year forecast last time in this kind of granularity and decided that because I think that I wasn’t as clear as maybe I could have been, I thought I would do it this time and give you a little more detail. 
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: And then in guiding for the gross margin to go back up in December the revenue inference you referred to seasonality in December what do you perceive the fairly normal seasonality to be for the December quarter. 
Jon Olson : I don’t know, I think our history has been a pretty wide range but its typically a few, two to four, three to five kind of a percentage range is typical but I’m not necessarily forecasting that, I’m just giving you what the typical range. 
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital:  Maybe you could remind us what March is usually. 
Jon Olson : March is usually up a few more percentage points as well from that. 
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Just on the industrial side, just to clarify, you said that I think in the quarter that the military was slightly up and how did the other segments do and how do you see industrial broadly into the second half. 
Jon Olson : Industrial is a bit of a quandary for us because broad based industrial is really weak and since we also classify aerospace and defense in that category we do have the seasonal effect of flat to up this coming quarter and then usually up in December. And we are experiencing weakness in broad base industrial that speaks to a lot of these smaller customers that I talked about earlier on the call that those percentage of small customers are declining as a percent of our total revenue and then scientific and medical is also been sequentially weak for us.  And I would thing there would be some stabilization and hopefully some strength by the end of our fiscal year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu – Global Crown Research
David Wu – Global Crown Research: Can you give a little bit more clarity on the September quarter because if I assume that your let’s say roughly $20 million number that should have been in the June quarter got transferred into the September quarter and is that, or is it half of that actually you play catch up in the September quarter because when I look at the numbers at least my numbers would say that roughly half of that $20 million catch up in September quarter and also can you remind us what kind of a turns assumption are you assuming for the September quarter. 
Jon Olson : My math on this is that the decline that we had which was a minus 5%, 5% of that number would be in the neighborhood of $25 million if we were trying to be whole, and we’re going back only 4% back up 4% at the mid point of that 5% so we’re about $20 million being added back. And that happens to be relatively close to our delinquency number and so to me I think it still is self, at least for my number set is self consistent. 
David Wu – Global Crown Research: The assumption about the turns business—
Jon Olson : Low 50’s for turns, so we’ve gotten cautious in terms of the turns business we have although we’re obviously we’re fairly well booked on our China wireless because of the delinquencies. From a dollar base turns perspective we’d have to have about the same dollars, slightly lower dollar turns in the quarter in order to achieve the mid point of our range. So I think we’re being both fair and a little cautious that some end markets are still not stabilized. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider – Goldman Sachs
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: In terms of the ramp of Virtex-5, if a typical customer is ramping Virtex-5 now but had previously used Virtex, typically where is the fall off in the legacy family coming from when Virtex-5 ramps. 
Jon Olson : That’s a really difficult question. I think in the I’ll say in the more advanced SOC spaces, think of line cards and things like that, a lot of these people were converting V-4 designs to V-5 but we also have a lot of older Virtex cards, V-2 Pro, Virtex and Virtex E that still are in designs and particularly in wire line applications they have been in designs and now converting over to V-5. 
Moshe Gavrielov : The other thing to keep in mind is that as we continue to move forward aggressively with new process nodes you are seeing more ASIC convert to FPGAs because the new FPGAs have the appropriate level of serial connectivity in terms of bandwidth. They have the higher performance and they have higher capacity so we’re seeing quite a bit of that. This isn’t just an old FPGA being replaced by a new one, or several old ones being replaced by one new one.  Its also ASIC and other applications now being redesigned into FPGAs and we see a lot of that too. So I would say there’s two branches. There’s conversions of old FPGAs and then there’s just new business which is enabled by the enhanced capability and we’re seeing more of the latter with each generation of product as less and less ASIC are viable due to the cost and the risk and all of that.  Plus in some cases ASSPs are getting phased out in particular in key communications functions. And that’s a trend which we expect, we’re seeing it, it has already started and we expect it to accelerate in the future. 
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: And then just so I am totally clear on this, can you maybe give us the full year OpEx number excluding restructuring as some kind of rough dollar range in terms of absolute dollars. 
Jon Olson : I don’t have, we did this percentage range thing that’s the 2% to 4% without restructuring. We had about $22 million of restructuring last year’s OpEx and this year we’re saying we have $26 million, so you have to subtract both those numbers from our OpEx and you can figure it out. Do the math, but we said 2% to 4% decline. Sorry I just don’t have a calculator and all the numbers at my fingertips. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri – CLSA
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: More longer-term question I guess you set a long-term margin target of 30% and also gave us long-term growth rate of 5 to 9% but if look at the OpEx and the margin trends here, obviously you’re down 16% from last year on the top line at least that’s what my model is showing right now. I’m just wondering if given the OpEx increase and the margin decline, other than revenues coming back is there anything else that you could do here to kind of take the margins up from these levels toward your longer-term model. 
Jon Olson : In the short run for this year I think we’re pretty [inaudible] because we’re going through a pretty significant transition of resources across the company. We’re certainly not going to short those, short that transition and we’ve made the decision not to short our rollout of Virtex-5 and Spartan-6 product families.  So while there are ways to chip around the edges, we’ve taken out significant amount of SG&A. We are running things leaner in that particular area so I would say in this fiscal year I don’t see a lot of major adjustments that we’re going to be able to make but beyond that we certainly have a lot of things that we’re considering to do in order to be much more efficient as a company.  So I wouldn’t expect us to be at 30% at the end of this fiscal year and quite frankly we are bullish about our prospects in terms of revenue growth as the economy comes back. We do believe that we’re going to enjoy a disproportionate share of design wins from our new product families as well as the penetration in to the ASIC and ASSP design as we go forward and that will start showing up in a variety of places in the coming years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets 
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets : Quick question on the December quarter because of the extra week if we assume the revenue in a normal 13 week quarter to be flat does that imply we should proportionately scale the revenue numbers for the December quarter. 
Jon Olson : I think that, since we’re not doing a revenue forecast for the December quarter I certainly think that there should be some benefit from that in there but I, its really driven by how our customers in total plan their factories and what their ordering patterns are whether you really see that as discretely for an extra week that quarter or it kind gets somehow spread across other quarters.  So I think we’re going to have to take a little harder look at that as we go through this quarter and think about our forecast for next quarter. 
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets : So just in terms of guessing will half the amount, will be a good guess because we don’t know right now but we still have to model that. Will half the amount be a good guess.
Jon Olson : I don’t know. If we didn’t have so many of our sub end markets still weak, I think I could probably give you a better forecast on that, but given we aren’t stabilized, we aren’t necessarily at the bottom universally across all of the areas of customer segments that we sell into, its hard to say its just half. I suppose that’s as good as any guess but I don’t think I’m going to go out on a limb right now. 
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets : Maybe you won’t have that answer in front of you but what will help if you can sometime circle back and talk about, say if we go back to September 2008 quarter if that was a normal quarter, now that there is so many things changing if you come back to that level, where should be the gross margin and OpEx, that will be a good comparison to have so that we can model properly. Are you in a position to give us some idea on where your R&D and SG&A would have trended at these levels—
Jon Olson : Well again, there’s customer mix and product family mix and those kinds of things, since I haven’t looked at all the mix implications of that from either our peak revenue and gross margin which was Q1 of fiscal year 2009, or should say September of 2008, but that was back even a year. We’ve changed so much of the company since then its kind of difficult. I would certainly expect if we got our revenues back up into the high $400 million a quarter number like where we were before we would be back in the same relative range of gross margin that we had back when we had that in Q1 of 2009.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets : How about operating expense. 
Jon Olson : Operating expense is coming down, it would definitely be lower. Again I gave the comparison for what we think FY10 is versus all of FY09 and what the drop is going to be even with these increased mask costs that we had year on year we still had this drop which is pretty significant. That would indicate that on a go forward basis we’re going to enjoy some better comparative percentages of R&D expense as a percent of revenue particularly as revenue comes up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Benjamin – Jeffries & Company 
Adam Benjamin – Jeffries & Company : I was wondering if you could comment a little bit about the China mobile that just got awarded and if that’s factored into the guidance that you’ve given. I know that these things come quickly and there’s fits and starts so I’m just curious. That’s very recent, I’m just curious if that’s factored in and then secondly in terms of your exposure are you significantly exposed to ZT and Walway specifically. 
Moshe Gavrielov : Generally speaking these rollouts take quite a long time and the guidance we’ve given you for the current quarter has the rollout as we understand it. And as our customers have placed and are placing orders and there’s a bit more visibility just due to shortages which have extended lead times. So the short answer is yes and we have broad penetration in several of the suppliers actually, best I know, in all of the suppliers in different programs at different levels and so it’s a bit of a difficult matrix to figure out because there are numerous suppliers and there are numerous standards and they’re being rolled out in difference cities at different times.  But we think we’re getting a good portion of the revenue and this is driven by our very strong Virtex-5 position and as new ones get designed then Virtex-5 and Spartan-6 and Virtex-6 in particular are very well designed or developed and targeted to address those specific markets.  So no, we expect to continue to benefit as that continues to rollout. I wouldn’t say regardless of the mixes but generally speaking we are in a good position in all of the scenarios. 
Jon Olson : One of the things I mentioned in my comments was about we did have some push out, changes of parts, etc. going on, changes in the backlog particularly in June and I think that was the beginning of the awards and people readjusting their backlog for the right parts at the right time. While I can’t guarantee all those have worked itself through our backlog for next quarter I think some of those have and I think our estimates are pretty decent. 
Adam Benjamin – Jeffries & Company : Maybe asked a little bit differently you at one point talked about a little bit of a hole in Q3 for wireless and now you’re talking about some slight growth there, so I’m just trying to get a sense of your ability to accurately forecast given the fluctuations in those customers and so given the past how would you say your accuracy has been in terms of forecasting that segment. 
Jon Olson : Well actually I think our accuracy has been pretty good because we did have a hole and while the hole was slightly shallower than what I saw a quarter ago, the delinquency rollover has filled up the hole. It hasn’t exceeded the hole much but it has at least filled that up so I think our accuracy at least in the one quarter out horizon in the China business has been pretty accurate. 
Adam Benjamin – Jeffries & Company : And then a follow-up as it relates to the gross margin ticking back up in the December quarter I think you talked about a mix back to small customers, just in terms of your lead times and your turns business what gives you the confidence there, is it just the mix issue and the mix to aerospace and defense and what other puts and takes are there that would support that higher margin. 
Jon Olson : So it isn’t the smaller customers in the December quarter but it is aerospace and defense and consumer for sure. Those are two areas and probably automotive goes up in that quarter as well as new designs are rolled out in that area. So those are the segments that I would think would probably be better for us in terms of the typical seasonal impact for that. The small customer, large customer thing, its not clear to me how that’s going to change dramatically until the overall economic situation gets better. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong – Wells Fargo
David Wong – Wells Fargo: A clarification, you said that the Spartan-6 I think is done at Samsung, is Virtex-6 also done at Samsung and is Samsung the only fab that you’re using for these two product lines. \
Moshe Gavrielov : We typically for each new generation of technology we have two foundries, the foundries for Spartan-6 and Virtex-6 are UMC and Samsung. 
David Wong – Wells Fargo: And the samples are coming out of Samsung at the moment or are they coming out of UMC. 
Moshe Gavrielov : Spartan-6 are coming out of Samsung. 
David Wong – Wells Fargo: And Virtex-6.
Moshe Gavrielov : They’re coming out of UMC. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda – BAS-ML
Sumit Dhanda – BAS-ML: Earlier in the year when you implemented some restructuring actions, you had suggested that you would see benefits from supply chain efficiency efforts, are all those benefits factored into the down 2 to 4% ex restructuring expense guidance that you pointed to today. 
Jon Olson : All the actions leading to those benefits are there but you don’t see the, you’re not going to see the run rate benefit in that because we’re talking about all the spending it takes to do the transition that are in FY10. So if you think about FY11, you would say the restructuring is gone for that particular activity and all the benefits including some benefits we think will derive in our March quarter which is our fourth quarter of our fiscal year as most of the transitions will be completed just in the early part of that quarter so we should see some run rate benefits there.  And then you could extrapolate that into next year that should mean some goodness in the absence of anything else that might come up. 
Sumit Dhanda – BAS-ML: Would you care to take a stab at what that quarterly benefit might look like when normalized. 
Jon Olson : Well we said that, I did talk about in the absence of mask expense growth that we would be in the low to mid 160’s and then by the time the exit rate of the fourth quarter we would be more in line with low 160’s or maybe even a little below. So a couple million dollars of benefit, some of that comes in the gross margin line versus OpEx so its not all these benefits necessarily accrue to us in OpEx.
Sumit Dhanda – BAS-ML: Just in terms of the visibility anything you could say about how bookings have trended thus far this quarter and the pattern or the linearity of orders through the June quarter. 
Jon Olson : June was actually a not all that great of a month for us in terms of bookings. I wouldn’t say that we had really horrible bookings but we had quite a few weeks where the turns weren’t as we would have anticipated but again on a seasonal basis, maybe I’m just jaded by the fact that our business is already low and I didn’t like more slow down going into summer but I think we did sense slow down and we typically would see July and August being slow in terms of bookings and September being strong in a normal seasonality.  But so far in July they’ve been okay. 
Maria Quillard : Thank you for participating today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 Pacific, 8:00 Eastern. A copy of our earnings release, visit our IR website. We will not be providing a scheduled mid quarter update for the September ending quarter. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter of FY10 will be Wednesday, October 14 after the market closes.  This quarter we will be presenting at the Citi Technology Conference in New York City. And this completes our call. Thanks very much for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Maria Quillard – IR Jon Olson – SVP and CFO Moshe Gavrielov – President and CEO
Analysts: Glen Yeung – Citi Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse James Schneider – Goldman Sachs David Wu – Global Crown Research Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird Tim Luke – Barclays Capital Uche Orji – UBS John Barton – Cowen Chris Danely – JP Morgan David Wong – Wachovia Suma Dhondo [ph] – Merrill Lynch
Operator:
 : I would now like to turn the call over to Maria Quillard. Thank you. Ms. Quillard, you may begin your conference.
Maria Quillard: Thank you and good afternoon. With me today are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review for the March quarter and then we will open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Maria. During today’s commentary, I will review our business results for fiscal 2009 as well as for the March quarter. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the June quarter. Revenues in fiscal 2009 were $1.83 billion, down 1% from $1.84 billion in fiscal 2008. While Xilinx is not immune to the current recessionary environment, we have benefited from exposure to defense applications, next-generation China wireless applications, and strong Virtex-5 sales momentum which has enabled us to significantly outperform the semiconductor industry. As we exited the fiscal year, our sales of $395 million are 19% below our peak sales of $488 million recorded in Q1. This compares favorably to the vast majority of semiconductor companies that have experienced sales declines of nearly 40% on average. Additionally during the year, we made significant progress in reducing our cost and operating expenses. Gross margin improved by 50 basis points in fiscal 2009 to 63.3% as we benefited from improved yields and reduced manufacturing costs. From a geographic perspective, sales from Asia-Pacific, a key focus market for us, increased 15% during the year to represent 33% of total sales, up from 29% in the prior year. Most of this growth was driven by strong sales to Communications customers. Sales from all other geographies were flat or down for the fiscal year. We continued to carefully manage inventory levels during the fiscal year. Inventory days at Xilinx in fiscal 2009 were 65 days down from 59 days in fiscal 2008, and the lowest level since Q3 of fiscal 2004. We repurchased $275 million of common stock during the year and extinguished over $300 million of convertible debt. Our net cash level after factoring in the convertible debt increased over $120 million to $983 million as we exited the fiscal year. Cash flow from operations remained healthy at $443 million for the fiscal year, but down from $581 million in the previous year due primarily to lower interest income, higher tax expense and a decrease in deferred income on shipments to distributors driven by lower distributor inventory levels. Let me now turn it to a discussion of the quarter. March quarter sales decreased 14% sequentially to $395 million, in line with guidance we provided during our business update. As you may recall, we revised our sales guidance upwards during our business update on March 2 due primarily to better-than-expected strength from customers serving the China wireless market. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, total sales were down 17%. Turns increased significantly during the quarter to 66%, up from 54% in the prior quarter. The bookings linearity was pretty much as anticipated with the month of January strong, and February and March in line with expectations. New product sales decreased 6% sequentially, mainstream and base products experienced sequential declines of 22% and 20% respectively. Next quarter, at the start of our fiscal 2010, we expect to reclassify our revenue by products to better reflect the age [ph] of the product and advances in technology. Sales from all geographies declined sequentially during the quarter as expected. North America sales were down 11% with broad-based declines in nearly every end market. Asia-Pacific sales were down 11% as flat communication sales were offset by declines in all other end markets. European sales were down 12% in the March quarter with flat communication sales offset by declines in most other end markets. Sales from Japan were down 34% with declines from all end markets. In terms of our vertical markets, sales from all major end market categories declined sequentially. Communication sales declined less than the total sales resulting in sales from this category climbing to represent 47% of total, the highest level in nearly three years. Although wireless sales declined as a percent of total sales, they increased to a record 20%, up from 18% in the prior quarter. Wire communications declined approximately 10% representing 27% of total sales, up from 26% of sales in the prior quarter. Wire communications increased sequentially in Asia-Pacific, driven by a metro and optical networking application that was more than offset by declines in all other geographies. Industrial and other end market experienced broad-based geographic weakness declining 18% in March quarter. Sales to customers in defense, industrial, scientific and medical, and test and measurement all declined in double digits. Sales from industrial and other currently represent 32% of total sales, down from 33% in the prior quarter and the same quarter a year ago. Consumer and automotive sales are also very weak across all geographies declining 27% during the quarter. We experienced double-digit declines in audio/video broadcast, automotive and consumer. Sales from consumer automotive currently represent 14% of total sales, down from 16% in the prior quarter and down from 17% in the same quarter a year ago. Lastly, data processing sales were down 5% representing 7% total sales, down from 8% in the March quarter of fiscal ’08. Gross margin for the quarter was 62.1%, down from 63.9% in the prior quarter and in line with forecast. Combined R&D and SG&A expense was $167 million, lower than our guidance of $173 million as a result of continued expense controls and lower than anticipated map [ph] cost during the quarter. Net income during the quarter was $70.5 million or $0.26 per diluted share and was impacted by a couple of factors. First, we spent $46.9 million in cash to repurchase $69.3 million of face value of convertible debentures. This resulted in a pre-tax gain of $20.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share after tax. We also recorded a pre-tax impairment charge on our investments of $1 million. Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $60.9 million before $6 million in CapEx. As I mentioned earlier, we paid $46.9 million in cash during the quarter to repurchase $69.3 million of principal amount of convertible debentures. We also paid $38.6 million in cash dividends. The tax rate in the March quarter was 27.2% higher than our forecast of 21% impacted primarily by the gain on repurchase of convertible debentures which was taxed at U.S. rates. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments decreased $6 million during the quarter to 1.7 billion. We now have approximately $690 million in convertible debt on our balance sheet and our net cash position is approximately $1 billion. Day sales outstanding increased eight days in the March quarter to 50 days due to a shipment profile that was skewed to the back half of the quarter. Inventory dollars at Xilinx decreased by $30 million in the March quarter representing 73 days. This is down from 82 days in the prior quarter and up from 68 days in the same quarter a year ago. Worldwide distributors held 17 days in the March quarter, flat with the prior quarter and down from 24 days in the same quarter of the prior year. Combined inventory days in the March quarter were 90, down nine days from the prior quarter and at the low end of our target of 90 to 100 days. I would now like to discuss the restructuring announcement we made last week. As we stated, the global workforce will be reduced by approximately 200 positions. This is a net reduction number that will be implemented over the period of fiscal year 2010. There are two phases to our restructuring plan. The first phase is a broad-based reduction impacting most functions of the quarter – of the company. There will be an immediate impact to the ongoing spending base of the company in the range of $4 million and $5 million spread between operating spending and cost of goods sold. This phase results in a pre-tax charge of approximately $11 million to $13 million in the June quarter, primarily related to severance expenses. The second phase of the restructuring relates to the implementation of additional supply chain efficiencies and the transition of certain engineering and transactional functions to our Asia locations over the course of the rest of the fiscal year. More specifically, we will be consolidating most of our logistics, manufacturing, planning and new product test functions in Singapore. All production testing in U.S., Europe and Asia will be outsourced to the current supplier base. Production engineering support for these functions will also move to Singapore as will a number of transaction-based functions. Lastly, we will be adding to our existing engineering research based in Hyderabad to support next-generation development activities. Hiring for these positions will begin immediately and will be phased in over the next several quarters. These long-term restructuring measures will result in additional charges totaling approximately $10 million over the September, December and March quarters of fiscal 2010. While the timing of these charges are dependent on achieving transition milestones, we expect most of his charge to be incurred in the September and December quarters. In addition to the restructuring activities, Xilinx is implementing other short-term cost saving actions including executive salary reductions, a broad-based employee salary freeze and a reduction in cash compensation of the Board of Directors. This savings is included in the $4 million to $5 million savings I mentioned earlier. As we exit fiscal year 2010, we expect to realize incremental savings associated with the second phase of the restructuring measure, although smaller than the initial Q1 impact of $4 million to $5 million. I do not plan to provide explicit operating guidance for future quarters on this call. However, we are expecting fiscal year ‘10 operating expenses including all restructuring charges to decline versus fiscal year ‘09 as recent cost reduction efforts and – more than offset a significant increase in new product development expense. At this time, our 63% to 65% gross margin target remains unchanged as does our 30% operating margin target, although we will require revenue growth to choose it. Let me now turn to a discussion of guidance for the June quarter of fiscal 2010. There are a number of dynamics impacting the June quarter. On the positive side, we are heading into the quarter with backlog that is up double-digit sequentially. We are expecting China wireless to be strong in the June quarter driven by deployment activity associated with China Mobile, China Unicorn, and to a lesser degree China Telecom. We are also seeing isolated instances of recovery in areas like audio\video broadcast and stabilization in enterprise networking and automotive. Additionally, we are expecting strong sales growth from Virtex-5. However, on the negative side, we are expecting wireline sales to decline primarily due to continued weakness in Telecom offsetting a slight improvement in enterprise networking. We are also expecting defense sales to decline sequentially due to product cycle transitions at a couple of large customers. This anticipated decline in defense sales is uncharacteristic of the June quarter and is not expected to continue at the December quarter. As a result, we are expecting sales to be flat plus or minus 4% in the June quarter with growth from Asia-Pacific and Japan, and declines from Europe and North America. The communications category as a whole is expected to be flat to slightly up sequentially. We are forecasting the industrial and other category to be down sequentially in the June quarter. Consumer automotive is expected to be up sequentially driven by a broad-based rebound in audio/video broadcast and increases in LCD and PDP businesses. Lastly, data processing is expected to remain flat. We are providing a broad revenue range as our visibility remains poor. The midpoint of our sales guidance is predicated on a turns rate in the high 50s. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 61% to 63%. Combined operating expenses including $11 million to $13 million of restructuring charges are expected to be approximately $173 million to $175 million in the June quarter. Other income and expense is expected to be at a net expense of approximately $3 million. The share count is expected to be flat, and the tax rate for Q1 of our fiscal 2010 will be approximately 21%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. Overall, I am very satisfied with the progress we have made over the past financial year. Both our functional reorganizations last June and the recently announced restructuring efforts have resulted in a significantly simplified multi-pre-integrated organization driving improved operating efficiencies. These steps while challenging to the entire organization were necessary to position Xilinx for long-term success. They have been taken without compromising our technology leadership. On the product front, this past February, we announced in parallel both our next-generation Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families, the combination of an unquestionable engineering (inaudible). Virtex-6 stands our high-end leadership position which is being unquestionably demonstrated by the Virtex-5 hegemony in 65 nanometer volume shipment. Virtex-6 provides the lowest power, highest capacity, and highest performance FPGA on the market. In parallel, Spartan-6 is the industry's first and only high-volume 45 nanometer FPGA family provides the lowest cost and lowest power solution shipping today. With the simultaneous introduction of these new products, we have the strongest product portfolio we’ve had in many years. We began shipping devices from both families on track with our plans in the March ending quarter and quoting activity has been exceptionally strong. In fact, it is five times higher than the prior generation of the product the same time of their life cycle. Already over 700 customers presenting more than 1,000 different opportunities are engaged with the Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 early exit program. In the current quarter, we are unscheduled to broadly release our newest software capabilities significantly improving runtimes, quality and overall capability. We expect this release to be widely adopted by a broad base of customers as full public access to Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 will occur this quarter too. On all fronts, we are tracking extremely well to our initial product – production plans. Our increased recur in both the design and process technology side has contributed to successful execution thus far promising to be a repeat of our flawless execution with the Virtex-5 family. Scalability of the remaining members of the Virtex-6, Spartan-6 families is scheduled by the end of the calendar year. In addition to our base silicon and software, we will be delivering targeted design platform to differentiate us from all other PLD companies. These targeted design platforms improve ease of use, decrease development costs for our customers by providing bundle tools both in IP core into an integrated PLD design solution. As Jon mentioned, our beginning June quarter backlog is up quarter-to-quarter, 3G wireless infrastructure deployment in China is the main drivers of improved backlog along with some inventory replenishment occurring in our other end markets. However, beyond the June quarter, we continue to remain cautious about our trail end demand till we see more signs of the true economic recovery. The one thing we are certain about is that our customers must do more with less given these tough economic realities. In order to succeed, they need to accelerate product development, provide product differentiation, while reducing their risk profile and development costs. These trends coupled with financial pressures are hastening the competitive demise of ASIC solutions for an increasing number of applications. Perfect example of this trend is a major wired communications customer made the decision to entirely eliminate ASICs in their next-generation equipment used in core network infrastructure. Our Virtex-6 technology meets their applications critical performance and power requirements. Furthermore, its flexibility and scalability enables them to use a differentiated solution deploying fewer design resources and is scalable enough to be used in several different products providing a hedge against uncertain demand. The customer was able to validate the design and capability in Virtex-6 – in Virtex-5 for its chosen Virtex-6 for the final production. At the same time, numerous mid to small volume standard product semiconductor company's, we used to target specialized niches will no longer be able to maintain competitive investment level. This tool will accelerate the transition to programmable solution. An example of this trend is an automotive infotainment customer was chosen Spartan-6 to replace several ASSPs. Given the diverse needs, it is not possible to find a single ASSP to meet all of their system requirements and the volumes are not just high enough to justify the standard product investment. Instead, multiple Spartan-6 FPGAs were chosen and within each Spartan-6 FPGA, they are implementing slightly different variant of their base design. Customers currently completing the simulation portion of the design will be moving to the prototyping phase with our Spartan-6 FPGA. In summary, I believe that with these new product introductions, the programmable imperative is rapidly becoming a reality and Xilinx’s exceptionally strong new product portfolio positions us better than any other time in our history to capitalize on these future growth opportunity. Now, let me turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Thanks. Jon, I think you said that your order pattern was strong in January, then as expected in February and March. I wonder if you could just put that in different terms, maybe just in terms of month-to-month-to-month growth of decline, what was that pattern like and how has April shaped up in terms of order flow?
Jon Olson: Well, if you – Glen, if you remember back, our quarter began in the middle of the Christmas season, it was like – December 27 was the first day of the quarter, so we had ahead of us a week or two essentially manufacturers not producing very much. So we clearly went into the quarter – with a very weak situation and we didn't have – we did not have the lion's share of our China wireless business booked at that time. So we had anticipated that January was going to be a very strong and brisk month, and in fact it rather was. So I think in terms of relative size, January was the largest turns month for us, because of that I would say pent-up the orders that should have been booked, and then February and March were below that, but relatively equal. And I think going into April, we are much better booked primarily due to the 3G business in China and I think we've had – I would say the first part of this – the first three weeks of this month we've had I would say reasonable turns, I wouldn't say they are outstanding, but they are pretty solid.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Can I ask a follow-up?
Jon Olson: Sure.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Your thoughts on the sustainability of the China wireless business, its sort of the question on everybody's mind is, is it something where you think personally [ph] in your pocket somewhere in the back half of the year or any visibility you may have on how the pattern of that business may look?
Jon Olson: Yes. And Moshe talked a little bit about our concerns about the economy going forward. I mean one of the things that, patterns that we do see in our forecast from the China and 3G wireless is, right now we're looking at our September quarter is not being nearly forecasted – not nearly as strong as the previous quarter and this quarter in terms of wireless business in China. And so is that a pause between phases is that some sort of transition? We don't have enough information – you have to know exactly whether that hole is going to fill itself, but right now we actually do see a hole in September and then in the second half of the year we're getting at least the indication from our customers that second half of our fiscal year, I mean December and March, if those quarters will continue to be relatively strong. So at this point, I would say if there is a hole right now we would estimate that it's in September.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Interesting.
Jon Olson: That’s also – and think about any longer-term revenue forecast, September is typically a down quarter for us. Anyway because of summer and European sale [ph] weak in particular, right now it's too difficult to predict, but September looks like – think you have more of a challenge.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Abrams with Credit Suisse.
Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon. Wonder if you can comment on the new base for OpEx if you exclude the charge of about 162 million, with the second phase of restructuring were you are doing some more outsourcing on the back end. Do you see opportunity to take that even a step down or is that going to be most of the OpEx flowing in? And then gross margins, do you see some incremental benefits coming through later in the year from that restructuring?
Jon Olson: Yes. So Randy, the number of forecasting for next quarter would be charges between 173 million and 175 million, and then $11 million to $13 million charge. So if you net those out, I guess the number that you refer to and that really is driven by the fact that we are – we have this broad-based reduction in force in the quarter. As we execute the transition of hiring people and doing knowledge transfer to our Asia locations, we would anticipate at the end of the year to have a couple of million dollars more benefit exiting the year. However, I do want to caution you about something that I said in the past around the fact that we have a many tape out plan for the new product introductions and that our spending for maps and tape outs is going to start to rise. And so we believe that will raise several million dollars from the current base and peak in the December quarter and then start to fall a little bit. So there's going to be, from an R&D perspective I think you're going to see some upward pressure on the current run rate and you will see benefits in SG&A as much of what we have done has – more of what we have done has impacted SG&A and our cost of goods sold line. Now, with respect to your question around gross margins, clearly the thing that we're doing in consolidating our logistics manufacturing capability, outsourcing more etcetera we are doing that from the standpoint of cost improvement and efficiency in the company and we would expect that by the end of the year to have positive contributions to gross margin. We're just not forecasting the magnitude at this point in time because it's really dependent on how well the execution of those transitions go.
Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering if we could stay on the gross margin trend for a second and could give us some kind of sense of how you anticipate the profile of gross margin to go throughout this year, what benefits you will see operationally and then what kind of probations you may expect from mix in the next quarter or two.
Jon Olson: Yes. Just from the – riding the company through this transition period and taking the mix things separately from – just growing the company – we actually don't see any swings in gross margin. I would say that we would expect a gentle increase throughout the year from our current position, but not a dramatic one. So I think we will – we believe some of these efficiencies will accrue to us as we move along through the second half of the year and we have a number of other cost programs in place, not just this consolidation process much like we have been doing over the last couple of years in terms of improving margin. So I would expect some upward drift to open again, not a gigantic shift up. The second question – the second part of the question around mix is that, mix is a difficult thing to know for sure what's going forward, but I will say that we already have seen a mix up in our wireless business and our margins are still maintaining at a reasonable level. So while there is a variety of margin implications to end markets and to mix of high-end or low-end price for us, we are going to able to balance that with a broad base – slightly higher margins in some end markets, slightly lower margins to some of our high-volume customers and I don't think we're seeing that there is going to be an impact – a negative impact to mix for sure out of the business that we see over the next two or three quarters.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s helpful. And then, maybe as a follow-up, could I ask you about the industrial customer base, what you are seeing from your broader industrial customer base in terms of any areas of strength or weakness, I think your primary competitor know [ph] that instance is relatively weak? And can you talk about any mix of large versus small customers and what you're seeing in the current quarter?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, the industrial base, I would concur that it is quite weak and we’ve lost quite a bit of business – quite a bit of our run rate in the broad-based industrial taking our space into defense out of that for a minute. And I think in test and measurement, scientific and medical, we’ve seen a couple of quarters sequentially a weakness there and we are not anticipating much strength in that (inaudible) area, we’re certainly hoping for some stabilization there. Aerospace and defense remains cyclical to us and we still feel that’s a strong business and it should be flat to up overall this year, but it’s – it will have a different profile. And then you asked to comment around small customers to large customers, and we have seen less of a drop at our large customers over the last couple of quarters than we have at the broad-based customers and we got a little investigation – it’s kind of interesting, our really small broad-based distributor customers that are managed by our distributor for the most part. That did has been sequentially weak for several quarters now and we’ve talked about that starting in North America and then moving to Europe and we don’t really see a lot of improvement there and actually not that much additional declines, some but not certainly a large amount. But in this reception kind of middle size that are between the very large and the very small that is what’s dropped the most for us the last quarter or so. So we would describe it more as our midsized customers dropped more this quarter compared to the previous quarter, where our large customers certainly dropped less than the average.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu with Global Crown Research.
David Wu – Global Crown Research: Yes. Jon, can you help me in one thing which is the, if we have a go back to 400 at or [ph] this restructuring, if we have a hit back to the 485 million a quarter, what kind of gross and operating margin should we expect? And then the new cost structure, we got up to I think almost 26% in the last peak.
Jon Olson: So David, we certainly have been doing – taking many steps at the company to lower that point, the revenue level which it takes to achieve our stated operating margin, gross margin and spending targets. It is a bit the moving target with all of the things we’re going on, so I hesitate to give you a number, but at the analyst meeting, you know about a year ago, we – not quite a year ago, we did talk about it needing to be north of $500 million in order to achieve it and we are south of $500 million in order to achieve a pre-quarter to achieve that. But I'm not hesitant to give you the number because there are a lot of specific numbers, there are a lot of things moving parts going on right now.
David Wu – Global Crown Research: Okay. Just a quick follow-up, I guess this repurchase of your convertible will continue, so you will get these capital gains somewhere every quarter, even though they are supposedly discrete events?
Jon Olson: Well, yes – maybe yes and maybe no. We’ve been treating this as a very opportunistic thing meaning if we can get a significant discount, we would be in the market to do that and we’ve stayed very aggressive on that meaning we want a pretty large discount in order to make those transactions. And you could see the amount that we did this quarter versus the previous quarter went down and that's probably a good indication that the overall market has improved and therefore we don't have the same opportunities that we’ve had in the past. So, we may have, there may be additional buybacks of debt or there may not, we certainly are evaluating the prize in our breakeven and the contribution to move into potential dilution factors in a model when trying to figure out what – when it makes sense to jump in and when it makes sense to stay out.
David Wu – Global Crown Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Hi, good afternoon. How would you qualify the 45 nanometer ramp from a production standpoint versus previous generation products and versus ultimate expectation and when would you expect 45 nanometer to reach 1 million in revenues?
Moshe Gavrielov: Tristan, this is Moshe. We have already sampled the product. We are moving towards proliferation in terms of the members of the family. This is an exceptionally exciting product for us because we believe Spartan of the 45 nanometer addresses the fastest growing market in FPGAs and one that frankly we have not achieved, as well as I would have liked in the past, it is great opportunity for us. Typically that product ramps to volume faster than the Virtex product line. Virtex product line takes typically around three years to reach the 50-ish million dollar level, but here on the Spartan product line, which typically is the smaller overall number, but nonetheless ramps more quickly. We expect that to start ramping this year and those numbers that you mentioned are not huge numbers, they are actually just – you could achieve those numbers very easily just by shipping to tens of customers a few prototypes. So, it is not a big goal for us. We do expect to see very, very broad acceptance of the product and for it to hit significant revenue in the 2010 calendar time frames. And so, I don't know between, when it crosses the $1 million point, but I would say that that is largely relevant, what we're tracking at this point is mostly design wins and those are happening in space and we're very pleased with the results there.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Okay and also could you elaborate on the new software launch that you mentioned, is that a second generation software?
Moshe Gavrielov: Basically it is our 11.1 release, so it is the 11th major release, it has huge benefits over the previous generation in terms of numerous parameters turnaround time, which is very important for the customers, because they are designing larger and larger chips and hence they need the software to operate more quickly. It also reduces the memory footprint very significantly and it adds a lot of features, in parallel it provides the support for the Spartan-6 and the Virtex-6 product lines and those – that will be available this quarter too. So it is two phase approach and, no, I wouldn't call it a second generation, I think it is a significant enhancement of the previous generation of product we have.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Okay. And just to clarify, this is the first software supporting 45 nanometer though?
Moshe Gavrielov: It supports – yes, the answer is yes, it supports both Virtex and Spartan, so it is both the 40 nanometer high-end and the 45 nanometer high volume product, but it also has tremendous benefits to customers who are using existing technologies like Virtex-5 and Spartan-3, they will just see better results in terms of the turnaround etcetera.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Gentlemen, can just remind us what the tons were in the current quarter and did you give any color on your book-to-bill as you looked at the beginning of this quarter?
Jon Olson: Sure, Tim. Tim, in terms we’re in the mid-60s percent, 66% this last quarter, and we stated we needed a pretty high turns number as a percent, but the actual dollar level of transfer that would [ph] require on a weekly basis were on average we are pretty low relative to a three or four year analysis and in fact we did achieve that. So, going into this next quarter, we said we needed, and I tell you in the high 50s, again that is difficult to assess because the revenue level is lower, but we have got, I would say a more, flat view of the world of how turns will happen this quarter in terms of the profile. And again it would take, in the same dollar neighborhood per week as last quarter. So, we don't think, we are hung out too much. Book-to-bill to us is, while mathematically it says it is one, it is above one, but it is not really that important to us because it is really, I mean if we still do so much through distribution there can be a lot of stocking distribution shelves in that content. So, it is not a particularly meaningful number to us.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: With respect to the OpEx guidance, can you give some color with respect to where you see R&D and SG&A, I think that you were saying that the R&D would go up bounced by the SG&A, is the net of that following the restructuring so that you get like a 160 OpEx number by September or where shall we see that? And then just on the gross margin side, Jon any current things occur to you as reasons why you are inferring that your margins may strengthen in the back half possibly while you are, they are probably, were I would have seen this sort of mix issue? And then any offsets, you said China is going to be down in September, does military comeback at all in September or we should broadly expect to decline in their overall revenues in September?
Jon Olson: Okay. Let me start with the OpEx statement. So, we did say in my remarks that we would get benefit in the neighbor to $4 million to $5 million on the underlying operating net of the restructuring reserve that kind of a benefit to the run rate and some of it is in cost of goods sold and some of it is in OpEx, but quite frankly most of it is an OpEx. I would say 75% to 80% of it that kind of a number is an OpEx and most of that ends up being in SG&A again probably three fourth of that remainder ends up being in SG&A. And R&D, the profile of R&D for the year, does rise throughout Q2 and Q3 fiscal for us because of increased mask expense. So, we see several million dollars being added to each quarter, there'll be a couple million dollars added as we go through the year and peak in the December quarter not because of the underlying spending, but because of the tape out expense. But that being said, if you compare our total operating spending at the end of FY10 including restructuring with the previous year, which we're all set to restructuring and you're going to see that we are still down and R&D has actually going to be in the neighborhood of being flat to may be a little slightly up and so most of the dollars will come out of SG&A. I'm not really going to give you a number, a precise number of what is exiting the year because again there is lots of – or which quarter will be on the low point, mostly because there is lots of milestones to be done in these transitions and we have to work through that before we are confident enough to forecast the number. Gross margin, as I said I think we think that gross margin will be stable for us this year was slight up, I can't explain our primary competitors business or profile, we don't see mix driving anything different than it has ever driven for us in this particular area because we do feel we have a pretty good control of our pricing and good balance between end markets so that we can maintain our strong gross margin number, but moreover we are planning on getting more efficiency that of our organization. Somehow was due to the restructuring comments I made, some of it is ongoing cost reduction. So, we are continuing to press for efficiencies across the company in order to improve the operating leverage and I think we will succeed in that throughout the year. And your last question was around the strength of aerospace and defense and military business, it is, we have a couple of customer situations of why it is weaker in June, but we do believe that overall we will continue to grow and continue to grow in the back half of our year much like the seasonal pattern, we typically have were September is okay, December is strong, as well as March.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: I was just trying to get a sense of your broad expectation for September because it seemed you are saying like China 3G is going to be down, anything broader with respect to the broader revenue picture for September?
Jon Olson: Well, I think Europe is going to be – continuing to be weak and it typically is weak for us in September quarter. To us the, you know for us September, the bright spots have typically been, you know some uptick in aerospace and defense and some strength in communication. And in the absence of at least the telecom leg not being strong and if wireless does take a dip then we're looking at aerospace and defense as being the only potential upward pressure in several other end markets where we have downward pressure. So that's why we are feeling right now and what we see at September could be little more challenging for us. But again a lot of work to that is being done between now and then and a lot of issues to be understood before we can give you a solid forecast.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Thanks so much, good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji – UBS: Thank you very much. Can I just have a follow-up on Tim's question on defense? As we watch the defense spending currently in (inaudible) right now possibly coming down, assuming that the trend is currently defense spending goes down, do you think there is any share shift situation that may benefit you in that business, I'm just trying to understand what is driving your confidence in terms of the growth in the later part of the year?
Jon Olson: First of the defense budget of the United States is still the largest individual budget of anything else that goes on. So I don't think when they start flashing in everything is going to get flashed. So from an overall perspective, our business may not grow at the rate we had been forecasting because of certain key programs that get cut back or change, we still think relative to other businesses it has, it gives us the opportunity to continue to grow that that particular segment this year, excuse me this fiscal year. With respect to any shares shift, it is unknown because you don’t know which programs are going to be cut or live or die, so it is way too early to know because there is a larger list of things that have been proposed by the executive branch of the government, it is far from being done in terms of legislative branch deciding what they're going to vote for, not vote for so it's just way to premature, you change it to try to pick winners or losers at least to fill these space in my opinion.
Uche Orji – UBS: Sure. Actually specifically I was wondering whether there was a shift from ASIC to FPGA and this kind of leads me to my second question, Moshe, in one of your earlier presentations you talked about the ASIC shift benefiting ASSPs, as well as you guys, but do you think from your open remark it sounded like that shift maybe benefiting as the FPGA products a little bit more, is that the conclusion to draw now in terms of how you see that shift from ASIC into FPGAs and if you can try and – I know you gave two examples of industries where this is happening and benefiting you, is there any more that you think is more notable for us to, you know look at where we should be able to see more evidence of this shift happening?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes. Well, I think the reduction in the number of ASICs is well documented, it is something I run into every time I go to customer visits and I spend about half of my time doing that. The number of ASICs that the customer is doing is going down and continues to go down significantly. The average revenue per ASIC design actually is going up to some extent because the number is going down rapidly, they are focusing on areas where there are higher returns because they can only afford to invest the millions, several millions of dollars in the design process if they have a higher likelihood of return. So, as the customers are doing less and less ASICs, their options are if they want to differentiate it than their only option is to come to an FPGA. If they go to standard products than there are viable standard product companies out there, but if you look at those companies, as done in the past there is a lot of mid-sized companies have focused on niche application. If you look at, you know one example is communications there is probably north of 20 communications infrastructure ASSP companies at a revenue base of over, of under $0.5 billion. Those companies cannot afford to invest in a 40 nanometer product let alone the generation beyond that and besides the customers are now stuck because they can’t afford an ASIC, they are traditional suppliers unless they are in a high-volume market, can't afford an ASSP to the extent that they require hardware differentiation, they come to FPGAs, we've seen that in several markets, consumer markets, communication markets, military markets that just, you know it is not even news there, it is history there. The number of military ASICs that are being signed, you know I think you can count, you know when your two hands or maybe the fingers of one hand it just doesn't make any sense. So this is a trend which is continuing, accelerating, and it is working in our favor. In order to reap the benefits, you do need the right product and I would say that the 40 and 45 nanometer is probably the first time that we have products that can effectively replace ASSPs and ASICs on a broad front. And you know in my last trip I ran into customers who were taking ASICs and converting them to ASSPs and the reason they were doing that is their ASIC vendors are going out of business or they needed some ASIC [ph] a change and it was so difficult to make it in an ASIC, but they figured they might as well design an ASSP from scratch. So the extended (inaudible) both in this, this sort of reflects the enthusiasm they have for this trend it just is happening in states and you know the Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 will enable it to accelerate.
Uche Orji – UBS: Thanks. And just one last question for Jon, Jon just for me to understand a sensitivity to China, would you be able to provide us a percentage of your sales or backlog that is China communication equipment, your competitor yesterday talked about while we had 12% of their revenues last quarter, do you have any such metrics, just for us to gauge your account and revenue sensitivity? And that is my last question thank you.
Jon Olson: Sure, Uche. We have no customer. Xilinx is 10% or greater than the company, but we would have to expose that as well. Relative to the China business, our wireless business as you said is about 20% of our revenue in this quarter and the business associated with China is less than half of that business you know it is a little less than half of that business that gives you some kind of a ballpark of the scale of our business.
Uche Orji – UBS: And the backlog?
Jon Olson: Backlog is, I would say is probably disproportionately high from that percentage for China mostly because most of the suppliers have given us some long-range forecast and given SPO's [ph] to ensure supply of the right mix of products because there are some volumes that are pretty high there. So, I would say our backlog is higher. I don't have the precise percentage, but my guess would be that it would be higher than the percentage implied by what I gave you earlier.
Uche Orji – UBS: All right. Thank you very much. Thanks, Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barton with Cowen.
John Barton – Cowen: Thank you very much. Moshe, a moment ago you highlighted on your recent trips, you have seen the dynamics of the economy moving from – the demand trends from ASICs towards ASSPs towards FPGAs etcetera, in those trips in those customer visits have you seen any significant change in the design activity level, meaning are people slowing down new product introductions to save R&D, or are they accelerating product introductions in an effort to be more competitive in the tough marketplace?
Moshe Gavrielov: I would say that the customers are all over the map, but I wouldn't, if you look at the net integration I think it is slightly up in terms of activity. All the companies are focused on making sure that they have differentiated product. So, I don't see that the level of development activities has gone down. You know this may be positively impacted by the fact that we have just announced two new product lines and the sales force is ecstatic of having these leadership products and hence they are pushing them very, very hard and those are the customers that I got to see, but overall my impression is that the design activity on FPGAs has not gone down. I see a lot of customers who, what we call ASIC refugees who used to design ASICs are now transitioning those people to design FPGAs, so that might be the other trend, I would say that over all the number of FPGAs and funds FPGAs which have been designed is going up best I can tell.
John Barton – Cowen: And Jon you had mentioned lower mass cost in the March quarter is one of the things that impacted the numbers, it certainly didn't seem in any other statements as there has been any type of product delays of push outs or whatever the case may be, what was or why were we seeing low mass charges relative to the expectations and am I correct that nothing has slowed down?
Jon Olson: Yes John you are correct nothing has slowed down. This was just something that was in the forecast that is happening in the last week of the quarter and pushed over to the first week of the following quarter and it just moves from dollars from the last week to the first week there was no delays or anything it was just an estimated forecast that we had the budget tied to and it moved out a little bit, but there are no product delay implication on any issue going on that caused from a product quality perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JP Morgan.
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: Hi guys thanks for squeezing me in. Jon you talked about the revenue from China might get a little bit in Q3, excuse me in the September quarter, would you expected it to rebound and be back at the June quarter level by the December quarter?
Jon Olson: Well I mean the level that we – we do think it is going to come back Chris and right now I would say we think it is going to come back to that level and some of that is around the wideband CDMA rollout. We are now selling parts in the wideband CDMA infrastructure, previous couple of quarters ago was only TD-SCDMA, so we are starting to say I will say two technologies different technologies that have their unique cycles and we're trying to match those things up, but I would anticipate that the December quarter for us to be a combination of wideband NTD [ph] technologies and right now I would estimate that it would come back up.
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: Okay great and then my follow-up, with all this restructuring and transfer of employees, could your tax rate go down at all because of this?
Jon Olson: Not because of what we are doing, we've taken some measures in that area, it has been difficult to reflect them in our ASICs because we’ve had all these other transactions going on like the debt buyback and whatever. So, I wouldn't anticipate any big reset of the download of the tax rate, I think it is going to be pretty stable in the low 20s.
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: Okay thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wachovia.
David Wong – Wachovia: Thank you very much. Can you tell is what products before provide sort of biggest market potential for Spartan?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Spartan, this is Moshe, Spartan is actually used very, very broadly and so it is used obviously in areas that you would align with high volume, which is the consumer market and the automotive market, but it actually has very broad footprint and it is being used on the infrastructure and military applications too in higher volume opportunities, so it is actually in terms of its spread it has tremendous applicability and you know it is one of the areas where having leadership product in the fastest-growing markets, which we believe that inherently these will continue to be the fastest-growing markets even though, you know it is obviously challenged kind now, but this leadership position with the best product, the leadership product will enable us to grow very rapidly in all of those areas and you will see it across the board, you'll see it on consumer, you'll see it on automotive, you'll see it in industrial and military and in communications both on the wireless and the wired side. The product is very attractive product and when you look at the – what you could do with a leading-edge Spartan chip, this generation is equivalent to what you could do with high end Virtex chip two generations ago so, you know it is a very significant set of functionality and that is why it can be used in numerous applications.
David Wong – Wachovia: Right thanks very much.
Maria Quillard: Operator will have one more question please.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Suma Dhondo [ph] with Merrill Lynch.
Suma Dhondo – Merrill Lynch: Hi, afternoon guys. John, I just wanted a clarification on the benefit from phase 1 of your program, is that all of that benefit reflected by Q1 or is that phased in over the next few quarters?
Jon Olson: So you have to kind of dissect the total spending number less the restructuring charge and then the answer is yes, you know that all that is reflected in our underlying rate. So, we did significantly reduce the number of heads in the company this quarter making a decision to do that very early and then in the second phase is as we start to a higher more heads throughout the year to replace other people that will be leaving later in the company. So, the initial phase is this $4 million to $5 million benefit that's the underlying benefit after you net out the restructuring charge and that is kind of our new true run rate of the company. And then as we do this swap of hiring more people and transferring knowledge, we will get some incremental benefits from that although some of that benefit ends up being spent in these extra mass costs later on the year etcetera and so trying not to confuse you and hopefully I have it.
Suma Dhondo – Merrill Lynch: Just to be clear the Q1 number also includes all the benefits on the executive actions that you have taken in the quarter?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, it does.
Suma Dhondo – Merrill Lynch: The second question I have is, you know your competition is being quite vocal about what you – what they are seeing with their new 40 nm product of statics for product highlighting their projected revenue benefit from that ramp, you know and your clearly very excited about the Virtex-6 launch, I'm wondering whether you'll be providing any benchmarks of milestones in terms of how that revenue ramp in particular is proceeding over the next few quarters so that we can compare, you know was it really getting the upper hand?
Moshe Gavrielov: There is no doubt that they announced their products earlier than us and had design wins earlier than us, what we believe we have now is leadership on that product front, we will be rolling out all of the derivatives by the end of this year and in parallel we will have Spartan-6, which at this point has unquestionable leadership in a market which is growing very rapidly in our mind and so now, you know you can look at various things, the initial numbers in terms of reaching a threshold in terms of shipments mean relatively little, it is actually the design wins and how quickly they'll convert to revenue and that takes a year plus on Spartan side and three years on the Virtex side before they achieve large numbers and in the interim what we will be driving our results is Virtex-5 for the next few quarters, you know which is running at a very high level than we expect it to grow. So, the impact will be minimal to be honest and that is just because it takes three years to reach high volume to the point where it is interesting. So, we will try and provide you with some feeling, but you know arguing over who got to $1 million first is not necessarily useful, it is the breadth of the product offering and the range of it and the long-term implication that is a little more difficult to quantify.
Suma Dhondo – Merrill Lynch: Maybe just a quick follow-up on that, do you feel that the initial revenue trajectory is even meaningful in terms of determining perhaps who is getting a better share of the prototyping market which your competition assess to be something in the region of a couple of hundred million dollars a year?
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So, on the prototyping market they typically use the company with the most advanced technology and the highest capacity, we are going to have that real soon. And you know, the customers, it is an ongoing event, it is not a one-time, write a prototype continuously and we will have the best product and the highest capacity product for that market and these customers primarily have used us in the past for doing prototyping and I think to be honest both companies where the major players in this market are going to benefit significantly from this transition to 40 nm and I think we are seeing tremendous opportunities as undoubtedly there are to and I believe that these opportunities are not only stealing sockets away from each other, it is actually accelerating the demise of ASICs and replacing ASSPs, which we are both benefiting from. So, I don't think it is a zero sum gain from my perspective, I think we are both going to benefit from it and each of the target application has a different uptick and it is true that prototyping happens a little earlier because they need the largest chip and we intend to have the largest chip.
Suma Dhondo – Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you.
Maria Quillard: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 pm Pacific Time, 8:00 pm Eastern. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. As we’ve stated in our press release, we will not be providing a scheduled mid-quarter update for the June ending quarter. Our earnings release for the first quarter of FY 2010 will be Wednesday, July 15, after the market close. This quarter, we will be presenting at the CSFB London Conference, the Raymond James Conference in Boston and the UBS Tech Conference in New York. This completes our call, thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-01-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Moshe Gavrielov - CEO and President Jon Olson - CFO and SVP, Finance Maria Quillard - IR
Analysts: Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse Uche Orji - UBS Glen Yeung - Citigroup James Schneider - Goldman Sachs John Dryden - Charter Equity Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Chris Danely - JPMorgan David Wu - Global Crown Capital David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets Adam Benjamin Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to Xilinx’s third quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Maria Quillard. Thank you, Ms. Quillard; you may begin your conference.
Maria Quillard: Thank you and good afternoon. With me today are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the December quarter then we will open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents that the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Maria. During today’s commentary, I will review our business results for the December quarter. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the March quarter. Revenues in the December quarter of $458.4 million were down 5% sequentially from the prior quarter and down 3% from the same quarter of the prior year. The months of October and November were in line with our original guidance of approximately flat sales. In the month of December, however, we experienced appreciable weakness in sales across a broad base of end markets resulting in our guidance revision on December 16th.  Continued cost reduction efforts contributed to improved gross and operating margins during the quarter. Gross margin of 63.9% was up 60 basis points from last quarter and in line with our guidance of 63% to 64%. It was also the highest gross margin we have reported in four years. Combined R & D and SG&A expense was $173 million, lower than our revised guidance of $175 million to $177 million. As a result, operating margin improved to 26.1%, up from 25.8 % reported in the prior quarter and the highest we have reported in three years. Net income during the quarter was $139 million or $0.51 per diluted share and was impacted by a couple of factors. First, we spent $146 million in cash to repurchase $241 million face value of convertible debentures. This resulted in a pre-tax gain of $89.7 million or $0.24 per diluted share after-tax. This unique opportunity to improve long-term shareholder value presented itself due to the unsettled credit markets causing the overall convertible debt market to trade at deep discounts. In the short-term, we view this as an excellent way to leverage our strong cash position. We also recorded a pre-tax impairment charge on investments of $19.5 million or $0.05 per diluted share after-tax primarily related to losses on a certain cash portfolio investment in the financial sector. Almost all of this impairment was due to the write-off of the remainder of a cash investment partially impaired last quarter. The bankruptcy was resolved in a manner that will make it unlikely that we will receive any value from this investment. Collectively, the $89.7 million pre-tax gain and the $19.5 million pre-tax charge represented approximately $0.19 per diluted share gain after-tax. Operating cash flow for the December quarter was $128.5 million before $11 million in CapEx. As I mentioned earlier, we paid $146.3 million in cash during the quarter to repurchase $241.1 million of convertible debentures. We also paid $38.4 million in cash dividends. The tax rate was 26.3% higher than our forecast of 21%. The tax rate was heavily impacted by the gain on repurchase of the convertible debentures, which is taxed at US rates. Partially offsetting the increase in tax due to the re-purchase of the convertible debt was the impact of the reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit made effective during this fiscal quarter. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash investments decreased $94 million during the quarter to $1.7 billion. We now have approximately $760 million in convertible debt on our balance sheet and our net cash position is approximately $920 million. Day sales outstanding decreased two days in December quarter to 42 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx increased by $8 million sequentially in the December quarter representing 82 days. This is up from 73 days in the prior quarter and up from 69 days in the same quarter a year ago. Worldwide distributors held 17 days in the December quarter down from 20 days in the prior quarter. Combined inventory days in the December quarter were 99, up six days from the prior quarter, but within our target of 90 to 100 days. New product sales increased 2% sequentially driven by exceptionally strong Virtex-5 sales, which Moshe will discuss in more detail. Mainstream and base products experienced sequential declines of 9% and 17% respectively. Sales from all geographies declined sequentially during the quarter. North American sales were down 4% with the largest declines coming from wired communication and audio/video broadcast, but partially offset by an increase in defense sales. Asia Pacific sales were down 1% as strong sales from wireless communications was offset by weak sales in other end markets. European sales were down 12% in the quarter with all major end markets declining during the quarter. Sales from Japan were down 4% sequentially with gains from Consumer and Automotive partially offset by declines in other end Markets. In terms of our vertical markets, sales from wireless communications were up more than 10% sequentially to comprise 18% of overall revenues. Our wireless strength was virtually all related to China 3G infrastructure build. Wireless communication revenues from North America, Europe and Japan were all flat sequentially. Approximately 70% of our Asia Pacific revenues currently come from wired and wireless communication applications. Overall, wired Communications declined approximately 10% quarter-to-quarter. Wired communication revenue in North America, Europe and Japan were all down sequentially. Of the total communications revenue for Xilinx about 40% are currently wireless applications and 60% are wired telecom and networking applications. The other standout this quarter was our Defense and Aerospace business, which is part of our industrial and other category. Defense sales increased nearly 20% sequentially to comprise 15% of total revenues. While we are expecting defense to be seasonally weak in the March quarter, we still believe that Defense/Aerospace is our most recessionary proof end market. We have a good backlog in defense business for the next fiscal year and the US Department of Defense has already increased its budget for the September ‘08 to ‘09 year and we expect to see our Aerospace/Defense market grow year-over-year. Unfortunately, declines in the industrial, scientific and medical and test and measurement areas in December quarter offset the increases in defense, so the overall category was flat sequentially. All other end market segments, which include audio/video broadcast, automotive, consumer, computing and storage, declined quarter-to-quarter. Let me now turn to guidance for the March quarter of fiscal 2009. First, PLDs and Xilinx specifically appear to be laggard into the cyclical downturn due to our limited consumer exposure. As Xilinx business begins to feel the full impact of the recessionary times, we are entering the quarter with significantly reduced backlog. Forecasts for the most of our major end market customers suggested the band environment will remain weak in the March quarter with customers working through internal inventory levels. Defense sales are expected to be seasonally weak in the March quarter, as I mentioned earlier. Additionally, while 3G activity in China remains healthy in the long-term, we are expecting to experience a pause in the March quarter with sales picking up again in the June quarter for wide-band CDMA and GSM orders. As a result, we are forecasting sales to be down 15% to 25% sequentially with sales from all geographies and end Markets down sequentially. Because our visibility is so limited, we are providing a larger than normal range for our sales guidance. In light of the current economic conditions coupled with our wide guidance range, we have decided to provide a business update this quarter on March 3rd. We don't plan to reinstate the business update practice but if circumstances warrant, we will make an exception. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 61% to 63%. Combined operating expenses including $1.4 million of amortization are expected to be approximately flat to slightly down from the December quarter. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $3 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 275 million shares. And the tax rate for Q4 of our fiscal 2009 will be 21%. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. On a relative industry wide basis, Xilinx’s performance was better than most in the December quarter, and expected to significantly outperform the vast majority of semiconductor companies, which are expected to be down over 20% on average. The 5% sequential decline beats our revised guidance on December 16th but was down 6% to 10%. In addition, shipments during the last two weeks of the quarter was slightly better than expected. Given our results, we expect to gain PLD market segment share. As we had projected strength from Defense and Wireless Infrastructure business in China, buffered softness in our other end markets. Our Virtex-5 momentum and leadership is the unequivocal bright spot this past quarter. Virtex-5 grew 35% quarter-to-quarter and that comprises approximately 15% of our total revenue. Virtex-5 sales should surpass Virtex-4 in terms of overall revenue next quarter to become the industry's largest revenue generating high-end FPGA family. We are very pleased with Virtex-5's strong sales growth and momentum, as several communications customers including China 3G customers, began broadly deploying it for their initial network rollouts. In the March ending quarter we are expecting this family to be flat to up modestly and it is well on its way to becoming a $100 million per quarter product line. Furthermore, as promised at our Analyst meeting last week -- last year, we are on track to rollout our next generation product road map later this quarter. In these tough economic times, we are committed to delivering on this road map. Fundamentally, we believe that this downturn provides long-term market expansion opportunities for Xilinx. In a recessionary periods as R & D budgets get capped, customers must do more with less. They need to reduce their risk profile. It's in order for them to succeed. They must continue to efficiently differentiate their products. All three of these trends underline the need for the cost effective flexibility, which is inherent to programable logic or what we at Xilinx call, the programable imperative. These trends, coupled with financial pressures, are hastening the competitive demise of ASIC Solutions for an increasing number of applications. In parallel, numerous mid to small volume standard product semi-companies used to target specialized niches will no longer be able to maintain competitive investment levels. Consequently I believe that as the economy recovers and Xilinx executes on its product road maps, we will come out of this economic downturn better positioned. That being said, both Jon and I are committed to tight spending control and maintaining financial discipline as we manage through this clearly challenging transition. Now let me turn the call back to the Operator to open it up for the Q & A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question will come from the line of Tim Luke.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you so much. Jon, I was wondering if you could help us with some sense of what set of terms level may be required in looking at your guidance going forward, and separately, you mentioned in your comments that you expect the revenue in wireless and particularly from China to be sequentially lower this quarter and then perhaps improve in the June period and similarly in the military area, you suggested that having been weaker in March but in this full year you would expect some growth in military. Do those elements help you suggest that you would expect a flattish to slightly higher June or how should we think about that? Thank you very much.
Moshe Gavrielov: Let me talk about the turns business, Tim. I got number a little bit Tim as well. So, yes, from a percentage basis, it's a little misleading because we do go into the quarter with a much weaker backlog than we normally would see even though we would might have entering January, normally a slightly weaker backlog, but this is substantially weaker. So, the turns number from a percentage basis is actually higher than we've been experiencing in the last few quarters and I’d say more in the low 60's from a percentage basis, but that really doesn't tell the whole story. It's really the dollar value of the turns amount that we're expecting and we set our number at the mid point of our range at a level of turns that turns on a weekly basis that are less than $20 million a week, and we haven't experienced a quarterly run rate that low in the last four years. So again, on a dollar basis, I think we've adjusted our turns down into a reasonable number that helps us land in that range, albeit a wide range, but on a percentage basis the way the numbers work out the percentages is going to make it look goofy to some extent. Your second question around the wireless business and a little bit of lumpiness here, and then what's really happening, what that going to mean as we go beyond March and into June?
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Moshe Gavrielov: From a wireless perspective, we see, I want to characterize this correctly. We had a strong September in wireless and improved in December and it's not like it's all going to go away and revert back to the previous June. It's just going to decline, and that decline is really because the initial build out of the TD-SCDMA technology is happening and there is some installation time and those kinds of things that happen. As I think we've all seen the licenses have been left for some of the other 3G technologies and some of those suppliers that we have a good customers that we have of ours that we have a good position with, we believe will start to ramp some of that equipment in that time frame. It's really difficult right now to forecast, what June is going to be? Whether there's going to be some sort of an inventory snap back for a short time period or whether we're going to see our normal seasonal down in June. Typically, June is seasonally down for us a few percentage points, so I have a very difficult time picking, which way this is going to be, but that's pretty much how on the detailed part is how I see it.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Hey just if I could a follow-up, it sounds like you're guiding the OpEx flat. Is that how we should think about slightly lower, how should we think about the full year and then the gross margin, is it slightly lower range, how do you see that going forward?
Jon Olson: Yes, so the OpEx flat in the December quarter is really a product of a couple of different pressures on us. We had a pretty significant drop between September and December, an $8 million drop. And I think if you look back at our last several quarters, four or five quarters, you'll have seen a sequential drop in OpEx. This is a pretty big drop. There were a couple of one-time items that helped us out here. The currency situation gave us the benefit that isn't likely. It's possible to repeat itself, but isn't likely so that probably won't happen. On the other side, as Moshe mentioned, we're going to be announcing our new products, there are tape out expenses that are increasing and so when you balance all that out, being able to maintain it at that lower level, $8 million down from September I think is a pretty good accomplishment. Beyond that, we're not making any statements. We're in the process of going through our planning processes; our overall desire on R&D is to continue to deliver to the road map expectations, which will put pressure on R&D next year. It's a little too early to say exactly what we're going to do. We certainly would like to figure out a way to keep it flat, when you look at fiscal year to fiscal year we've got a little more work to do to be able to make that commitment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Abrams.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: Yes, thank you. Actually I'd like to follow-up on that last question on gross margin, which you probably didn't get the chance to answer, but if you could talk about what's driving this sequential decline this next quarter and then if we should consider that range to be the continued range through 2009?
Jon Olson: Yes, and I didn't miss the question, Randy that Tim asked so let me address that. So, we set the range at 61 to 63, which is certainly down from our about 64% range and that's really driven by primarily by the significant revenue drop and the impact of what fixed costs we do have relative to labor that gets charged to cost of goods sold and any adjustment there. We are not planning on a gigantic mix shift that's driving it and it's really the drop in revenue. On an ongoing basis, beyond that, which is the next part of your question, what do we see revenue declines or improvement beyond the March quarter? It's really too early to tell. As I mentioned in my previous answer, I could actually see an inventory bounce back in June as people are work through inventory over the last four or five months starting from December forward, but then I can also see the seasonality kick in for us where we typically have weakness and typically in communications. So, we're not taking a position yet on next year and we gave a very wide range for the March estimate so as you can imagine, our visibility is pretty low right now with our major customers on what's going to happen.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: And it looks like you had a good transaction with the debt this quarter. Maybe talk about if you have any other actions on the debt side or even just cash balance if you're right sized here.
Jon Olson: Yeah, so we did see this what we thought was a wonderful opportunity for us to claw back some of that debt at a very extreme discount that really I don't think the markets has seen in certainly recent history in that area, but we are taking each quarter, a quarter at a time. And as you can imagine, with a sequential revenue decline like we are talking about and not good visibility into the next quarter, with our cash generation capability, while it's still good, it won't be nearly as good as having a revenue number much higher. So we aren't necessarily going to be jumping in, in any of the debt of the stock buyback market. However, opportunistically if we see the right situation, we still might do that.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: Okay, and maybe just to sweep in one last one. For the end markets, I think you mentioned all of them will be down. Maybe if you could put a range if any of them are tracking more severe than the average?
Jon Olson: I don't think so. I think the decline in wireless could be less severe than some of the other areas. When you start dissecting some of these pieces, let's just take Communications for a minute, Randy. The network infrastructure people by and large, we had anticipated what was going on there, we had good communications with those people before we gave our guidance for this past quarter, and there could be some declines there but not sequential declines, I don't think at the same percentage as we had between September and December. We do as we said; we stated we will have declines in the wireless space but again, probably around the average of what of the range or a little bit less than that. And then there's the pure Telecom play in that, that visibility has been very weak. It was very weak this quarter and it's hard to say what's going on there. Consumer will be weaker for us for sure. We've even though Consumer had some declines in the December quarter, the selling season for Christmas and Chinese New Years will be over. So that will also be weaker and what we've seen throughout our Channel and Industrial areas, everything just seems to be very, very weak. So it's hard to put a finer point on any other individual market other than two or three I was able to talk about.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji.
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. My first question is for Moshe. First of all, congrats on the strength of Virtex-5, but I would like to understand how, when you rollout your road map, how you think you can close the design gap at 40 nanometers with Voltera, given the software has been out since most of 2008, is your software out already?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we will be announcing our product roadmap with all of the elements and the entire breadth later this quarter. So I do not want to steal any of the thunder there, and it will enable us to compete in a very attractive way in our mind.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay. Just as a follow-up, in terms of when you talk to your customers, has there been any significant shut down of design activity or is this just production dial down from customers there. I just want to understand from the perspective of your customers how they view this downturn. So what are you seeing in terms of design activity versus just production being cut back?
Moshe Gavrielov: Intuitively, it appears that it is mostly a production as opposed to a design halt. And just generally, our experience on 30 years of upturns and downturns in the semiconductor industry is that, it takes much longer to get to shutting down on the design side. And in reality, I think since the 2001 downturn in particular, companies have been a lot more cautious with their investment on the design side. So no, I do not think they have gone crazy and hence I think there is less of an opportunity to cut things down. If you think about the previous downturn, it was after a huge surge in the late 90's on the design side, where those view it as a tremendous shortage in engineering talent and that just caused lots of companies to over-invest and in particular, they did that in anticipation of huge growth and the bubble that was happening. Those same trends have not been evident in the past few years, for companies have been watching their design investments very carefully and obviously, due to the lag between your design investment to when you actually go into production, it behooves them to continue to invest in design at this point in time.
Uche Orji - UBS: And just lastly for Jon. In terms of what you can do on the cost side below the gross margin, I'm sure you've answered that question exhaustively, but below the gross margin line, are there anymore levers you can pull in terms of taking OpEx down given the lower run rates for revenues. That's my last question, thank you.
Jon Olson: Hi Uche, we certainly are aware of the possibility that this could be a very long, deep recession and we have to make sure that we do everything we can to deliver the best numbers we can while keeping the shareholder value aspect of our business going. We were at this point in time; we do see a possibility of some opportunities. We've been going through our planning cycle. Our annual planning cycle typically happens this quarter as well as March fiscal year. We've kicked off a variety of that planning earlier this year and we're in the process of evaluating it. As I think we have said a couple of times here in different ways, we are going to protect our 40-45 nanometer road map activities throughout this downturn and we're going to look at all other opportunities and all other organizations in the company to cut back further.
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks, Jon, maybe just to follow-up on the last question. Is there something you need to see for you to take more aggressive actions? Is there some level of business, where you are going to say enough is enough and we just got to get aggressive here?
Jon Olson: I don't think it's really seeing anything else. I mean, I think it's while we want to be cautious to make sure that we aren't wrong about these kinds of things because taking any serious action that would affect anybody’s job is a very serious thing to consider. But I think it’s really more about the progression of what we’ve been going through over the last year in terms of restructuring the company. We’ve gotten ahead of some of this a little bit by doing some level of restructuring last spring and functionalizing the company, taking some dollars out. I think we’ve done a reasonable job of achieving what we said we’re going to do from that particular time period and now its kind of a looking a little more deeply at a few things, now that we’ve got the basic structure of the company, the way we want, we’d like to have it is. Okay, so now how can we get a lot more efficient and I’ve talked about this in the past. One was taking out redundancy, the next step was about efficiency and that’s the process we’re going through now. We just don’t want to be hasty because we don’t want to start taking things out that we’d regret and we want to do this in a very metered considerate approach. So, I don’t think we’re waiting for any other signs or signals.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, it makes sense. The other thing I want to ask you about is channel inventory and I have recognized that on a days’ basis I think they were down quarter-on-quarter. But just your sense here as you talk to your distributors and you get sensibility to the end markets, where their level of comfort is, obviously they are still working down inventory, but what's your sense as to when they think they might be coming to an end there?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, I think it's a reasonable question to talk about. If you look at the way our days profile worked out it's pretty clear that with our channel days being so low leaving the quarter, there was not a big anticipation of lots of shipments early in January. So, they didn't take anything early from us. So, we like to keep as much back in Xilinx as we can to be able to manage the customer base properly and as best as I can tell, there's still another quarter of working through the inventory settled out at our overall customer base and I would expect a lot of fits and starts and changes in peoples ordering patterns over this quarter as they work through those issues.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. All right, thanks, Jon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. First of all, could you comment on, in the comp space what are customer inventories like and if you could separately comment on the wireline, wireless, and networking segments that would be great.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, so let me take that one Jim. The networking piece, I think there was good anticipation by the customers there and I think they are in a position that to work off their inventory and started it much earlier. And I think this, if anything we're going to see some better business and build back Spring/Summer from them then we might experience from some of the others. So, I think they could be in a better overall position just based on what we've seen from some of the conversations we've had with them in the ordering patterns. The wireless space is really predicated on these big projects, and how they go through and, I think we feel pretty comfortable about the Chinese spending that will actually happen. And so, while there is quite a bit of inventory build up, and those customers as they get ready for their big push, I think it's all going to sell out, and I don't think we're going to have a big adjustment going on there. And the other, the telecom space and access in those places, I think anything that has that a touch back into the consumer is all up for grabs and I would suspect it may take longer in that particular space.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And then this as a follow-up; clearly visibility very limited, but can you speak to your non-military industrial business right now and what you think you're going to see there this year?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes, that right now is very weak, and for us it's typified by our mid-sized customers, mid to smaller size customers and I think generally it's been pretty weak. Test and Measurement has got really weak in the semi space and weakened elsewhere, as well. I think the scientific and medical, while it was weaker this quarter. I think there's an opportunity for us there downstream because there is still a big push for more mobile devices in that space, so I think those projects are probably still going to continue, but again, it was sequentially weak.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Great and then just lastly, maybe you could share with us, Moshe, where do you think Virtex-5 revenues could get as a percentage of total by the end of this year, calendar ‘09?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, the percentage is tough for me to estimate but Virtex-5 basically has had for long periods of time a very strong leadership position and has accumulated a very large number of design wins and these design wins are now more or less three years since the product introduction, translating on mass to volume manufacturing. So I would expect Virtex-5, because it's on all of these new products and hitting sweet spot and it has the very strong market position to cross the $100 million and I would like for that to happen this calendar year. And I think that's doable. The question is what will happen with the non-Virtex-5, which have a different pattern and are later on in their maturity cycle, and that's the difficulty of pegging it as a percentage but I think Virtex-5 will continue to grow rapidly throughout this year.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Dryden.
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Could you go into what you believe is the bigger opportunity, both near and long-term, for market share expansion over your PLD competitor or increased sales of FPGA's over ASICs and ASSPs? I guess, has the interest for FPGA's increased each month of the quarter as the macros deteriorated?
Moshe Gavrielov: Let me try and share my intuition, I had spent the whole year now at Xilinx and at least half of that time I had spent with customers and without exception in every geography, in every market, in every application, you can see that the customers are transitioning. Now, what is happening is that the finances required or the investment required to design an ASIC in an advanced process node and a standard product in advanced process node is in some cases approaching $100 million, which means that you need to sell a lot of these chips in order to just recover that investment. Fewer and fewer companies could afford to do that with the inherent risk involved and as a result we're seeing less ASICs started and actually less standard products being designed for niche applications. All of these trends help the programable world, as the programable world comes up with solutions, which can effectively address these. What I would call orphaned or abandoned applications and there are more and more of those. With each generation of technology we can cover more of these applications and the goal is to reduce the price and reduce the power and to come up with a tighter solution that addresses more of these applications and to make sure that we do it in a mode, which can be used for numerous markets, because if it's targeted at one niche market, we are in the same situation that the standard product companies are. So just generally speaking, I see this trend -- its imperative continuing to move in that direction. It definitely has moved there in anger on the ASIC side with a number of ASIC designs in particular in new technologies is just dwindling and the number of design teams is dropping. And I expected it to happen and it is happening to some extent in the standard product world and I think the first companies, which are going to have the biggest revelation there are the small and medium-sized companies who have typically focused on niches and their ability to come up with plans to address those niches and the financial investment will be beyond their capacity. And I think those companies will start focusing more on sunset environments, where they are looking at older technologies to try and address the needs and all of that helps us because we can afford to march forward. So generally, the [circular] trend is in our favor. We need to run like hell and to execute really well, but this is something I have heard consistently from all of our customers in a huge number of applications.
John Dryden - Charter Equity: And Jon, could you update us on Virtex-5 gross margin? Was that negatively impacted again this quarter or with the majority of these sales into the higher margin markets is V-5 now accretive to corporate margins?
Jon Olson: Virtex-5 is a little over two years from its existence and this is about the time that it would be clearly in the corporate margin range and then starting to improve from that so and we're certainly in that range and I would say the effect of increased sales is not in that particular product category is not a drag on our gross margin.
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thank you. A question if you can give us some comments on the impact you will see with what's happening with your communication equipment customers Nortel just filed for bankruptcy and one of the bigger customer, Alcatel-Lucent having problems, are we going to see a lot of platform consolidation and what will be the impact of the PLD?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, I mean with respect to that particular segment. In the last cycle that was focused more on communications, there was a huge shake out and business combinations and platform aggregations and things like that going on. And I think what you find just using wireless as an example, I think what you're finding is a lot more multipurpose, multi-band, multi-protocol line cards that they desire to get to right off the bat in order to lower costs and to manage their platform costs better. I think we see that, those kinds of requests from a broad set of those customers, but that being said there aren't very many of those manufacturers out there left and with the recent information about Nortel, while it could have some impact on our business, I think much of that business just floats to one of the other people if people don't stick with Nortel as a result. They are stronger, obviously on the wired side and that gets picked up by the other wired folks primarily. So, I guess it's possible, Alcatel-Lucent, I don't think they’re on the edge of bankruptcy, but I'm not the guy to ask that question. So, I'm not really too concerned about their viability throughout this cycle quite frankly.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Another question on operating margins, just want to reiterate you are still targeting to go to operating margins greater than 30%. If that's the case, why not use this downturn as an opportunity to be more aggressive on the expenses unless you think that you're going to grow much faster than what you had forecast?
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, the operating margin target that we set for ourselves in the last Analyst Meeting over the next few years was 30%, and that didn't comprehend a significant recession or downturn, but it still remains our goal and our target. And sure, if there are longer term structural things that we can do that as opportunities present themselves in this kind of a situation. We'll go after those very aggressively. I think we probably would have gone after those things anyway despite that. But it isn't just a matter of, oh, let's just dial down the expenses, and life is better. We actually have to produce the products, serve our customers, get to the best technical solution. This is as much of a service business as it is selling silicon in order to be able to support our customers with some of these very complex solutions. So, we certainly don't want to enter the long term cash flow of the company by knee-jerking, and we want to do this in a more metered considered fashion.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: But do you have, I mean at this point with the current structure, do you have a revenue level in mind to get to the 30% operating margin?
Moshe Gavrielov: We've not reset a timeline because it's really difficult to tell that until we find the bottom of this recession and it's not clear we have found the bottom yet.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Thanks. Hey Jon, you talked about your expectations for end markets in Q1. Can you give us a sense of your relative expectations for the end markets for I guess for 2009?
Jon Olson: I don't have the great crystal ball on this stuff, Chris, and I basically have to go with I think most of what I have been reading and hearing and try to apply it to where our markets are and what's going on. This certainly feels like we are not going to get to the bottom until the middle of the year and then it's not clear, in terms of I'll say maybe some inventory adjustments and bubbles along the way, but really get to the bottom until the middle of the year and then stability and maybe some growth back in the second half of ’09, but that's certainly unclear at this point in time. I'm not anticipating us to keep slipping off quarter after quarter after quarter throughout the year, but this is definitely going to be a down year based on what I can tell and I don't think this is going to be a bounce back or any sort of we're not planning on some sort of Hail Mary saving fourth quarter or any of those kinds of things for us for next year.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: I guess I was more interested in the end markets, I guess to paraphrase you it sounds like you believe the defense and military end market would be the strongest and then after that would be sort of 3G or China wireless, is that true and then which end markets would you be a little more concerned on for this year?
Jon Olson: Definitely defense and definitely what we see in the wireless space, so that would be a correct assumption. I would actually still suspect audio/video broadcast to not stay down and to come back because there is still a huge wave of digital broadcasting implementation that have to be done. So, I still think that's okay. I think Automotive eventually will maybe as a fourth level fourth level could come back a little bit more in the second half of the year and that's predicated by the depth of our new designs, not by, not necessarily by sheer volume but introduction of new models and new capabilities. I would not expect Consumer necessarily to come back for us and possibly Scientific and Medical as I pointed out before could come back, but everything else is going to be not great.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: And then just to clarify, you said turns, or your expected turns to hit the middle of the guidance were low 60% this quarter and were they around the mid 50% last quarter?
Jon Olson: We were in the mid 50's last quarter and we said -- in the Q&A, I said in the low 60's but do not listen to the percentage because of the way the law of the way the numbers work, and we would prefer to think about this as what we need in dollar turns per week in order to pull this off and we picked a dollar number that's a sub-$20 million a week, which is pretty much of a low point for us.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Okay.
Jon Olson: I think last several --for quite a few years, four or five years.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Okay. That makes sense, thanks.
Jon Olson: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yes, good afternoon. I just wanted to get a clarification on a couple of points. First, Jon, when you talk about gross margin down because of lower revenues, I kind of remember also that the mix that the Defense has the best gross margin in your company and I do not know where comp infrastructure lies because -- is it mix dependent or is it more revenue level dependent in your comments on gross margin? Because I have got to think about the rest of the fiscal year moving forward?
Jon Olson: Yeah, so the answer that I gave earlier and I will expand on that a little bit more. It's really driven more by the revenue drop than it is about anticipating any unique mix area. I mean quite frankly, the Wireless business is not quite as good as the Defense business and there's some balance actually going on there and so some declines there kind of balance each other out a little bit, so it's not -- we're not expecting a big mix shift in that number.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. The other clarification I wanted to get was if you look at your R&D dollars and go back and take a look, the absolute number was back in December of a year ago when you had a $91 million number, and with all your new products at least initial 40-45 nanometers out in the March quarter, should we anticipate a drop off of those absolute dollars as we go into the early part of fiscal 2010?
Jon Olson: Well you know, we would still be rolling out the tail end of the families and I do not know about going into our fiscal 10. Well our fiscal 10, no, I think talking about our fiscal 10, David that…
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: The June quarter?
Jon Olson: That's starting the June quarter so no, we have upward pressure for new product introductions.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: On mass costs?
Jon Olson: Yes.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. And the last one I have was the $3 million of remind me of something, the $3 million of net interest expense in the March quarter that you guided to, is that a function of -- I remember the convertible bonds didn't carry any interest; is that right? And if you use cash to buy that, that's why you get hit on the interest income line?
Jon Olson: No. The convertible bonds carried 3.125% interest.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay.
Jon Olson: And so interest expense is exceeding interest income and as I think we all know that borrowing money is or just investing your money in treasury doesn't get you very much, in the number of basis points that we are dropping on our average yield this past quarter to the forecast is quite significant, as many of our rates start to reset themselves to the current market levels. So our interest income is depressed relatively to the December quarter quite a bit.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. Looking forward, I assume that that trend unless things change would continue, that we have more interest expense than interest income?
Jon Olson: Well certainly, if we're talking about 70 basis points for treasury in terms of the investment, yes, that would be the case because we don't get into a lot of speculative areas and we try to keep things that the cash is safe and conservative as possible.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Jon, last question, I'll try. If the revenues ever hit $300 million on the low end, or below, what does it do to your gross margin? I was trying to think one of the quarters in the early part of fiscal 2010 may very well be sub-$300 million.
Jon Olson: Yeah, I don't see us going below, out of the 60's if that would happen. The difference was maybe, if you go looking back at history, it's really relative to mix and what happens to our inventory and our inventory position is pretty decent right now and I think I feel we can manage it down without taking any inventory reserves. So if you assume no inventory reserves or adjustments there, then it's just a matter of managing mix and the infrastructure of the company and fixed costs to try to keep the margins in the 60's.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you very much. Can you give us some idea of what your foundry orders will produce in the March and June quarters? If you hit the mid point of your March sales guidance, do days of inventory rise or fall at the end of March? And are you ordering less for June than you have for March?
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes David, our days will definitely rise because there's really no way to shed that much inventory with the broad mix that we do have, but we don't anticipate dollars rising significantly. In fact, on managing to dollars to take dollars flat to down in inventory even though days will spike up some. And we have been cutting our starts and foundries since basically November.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: So, you would have less coming out in the June quarter than you do currently in the March quarter at least at the rate you’re going?
Moshe Gavrielov: We haven't made that evaluation yet, but we certainly had less outs in December than September. We'll have fewer less outs in March than December most likely, and June, it's too early to tell. It may flatten out.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Benjamin.
Adam Benjamin: Thanks, Jon. If you could just take a look back to the October timeframe, when you were giving guidance for the December quarter and then compare and contrast that to today in giving guidance for the March quarter, just curious to get any differences or similarities between the two periods.
Jon Olson: Well I’m certainly more depressed than I was I guess in October, but I think the differences really that lead there is the relative weakness of our backlog going in. We had this strong backlog going into the December quarter. I felt really good about where we were going and what was going to happen, and now I kind of almost have the reverse impact of saying wow, I need customers to start ordering stuff this quarter and etc. So, I think we've taken the appropriate conservatism in our forward-looking guidance, but there's a lot of business that has to get booked yet and we're very spending a lot of time with our customers trying to understand what they really need, so we can get it to them and make sure we have the right mix.
Adam Benjamin: And when you talk about the business that's not yet to be booked that you're hoping to be booked, can you give a little granularity in terms of what end markets that you're serving in terms of how your business shapes up that you'd expect to see higher level of that turns business to come in?
Jon Olson: It's mostly, we go through this large company forecasting process and it's mostly the large guys, who know they can lean on to get stuff at the last minute and things like that, with a short availability, and those are the people that we're going back to and who are not necessarily as booked as we like to see to say look, we're cutting back inventory lots of things so don't hang us out too long because you won't get the parts you need and we're working through that process right now with our sales organization.
Adam Benjamin: Okay and then just one last question. Just to clarify on the Industrial segment, the Test and Measurement and Medical, you indicated were pretty weak. Is the 20% range even though the business was only down 5%, is that in the ballpark there for those two businesses?
Jon Olson: I think that's probably the case. Remember the 5% in Industrial and other wasn't so bad because we had strong Aerospace and Defense business, which is also in that category and that very strong business offset that very weak rest of the part of Industrial.
Adam Benjamin: Right, and that very weak, is that something that, because those have been relatively stable, so I'm just curious if that's something that you expect to see continued big drop offs like that or kind of stabilized at these levels.
Jon Olson: Well, I would expect that there's a chance it could stabilize after March in that area because it appears they've been taking, making adjustments to their inventory and that will continue to happen through March. We'll just have to wait and see and give you more information later.
Adam Benjamin: All right, that's all I have. Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda.
Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML: Yes, hi, guys. A couple of questions. First, Jon, on the gross margins, is there any benefit that might help offset it maybe perhaps a later point in time, the impact you're seeing from higher fixed costs either on wafer pricing or on continued yield improvements or is that really tapped out at this point in time?
Jon Olson: Well, yes that’s I've got this question outside of these calls a lot about, is there an advantage for us on wafer pricing because factories want to fill up and things like that. And there could be some there over time, but right now, I don't see a lot. We have some pretty aggressive yield in wafer price road maps that this is not just new because of what's going on. We've had this for the last several years, worked very closely on yield improvement with our partners and throughput improvements with our assembly and test partners and we feel really good about those continual declines that will come to us that will help us in gross margin, relative to opportunistic inventory builds. If there was something there that made sense for us and them in terms of what kind of discounts we could get for some other terms and conditions that they would want, I'd certainly be willing to talk about it and we keep an open dialogue with our suppliers there and we'll pursue those opportunities, but there's nothing booked right now so to speak into right now that would suggest there is going to be some sort of huge discount coming to us or impact to the supply chain.
Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML: On the operating costs or expenses staying relatively flat and within the context of that picture, some upward pressure on R&D because of the mass costs that you anticipate. Can you help us perhaps quantify somewhat how much pressure that might be in terms of dollars or when that pressure might start to abate just a broad timeline or --?
Jon Olson: Well, the ramp up of our mass take out expenses while we had some in December will continue to ramp I would say in the single digit millions of dollars, increase quarter-over-quarter, low to mid single digits in the first few quarters and then accelerate pretty rapidly in the back half of our next fiscal year and that whole profile is something that we are looking at and trying to understand how to manage over the next four to six quarters in order to not have our engineering dollars increase substantially.
Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML: Okay. And just one other more. On the Defense business, you said the budgets have been set, it's more visibility in terms of available backlog, the seasonality this quarter notwithstanding. Again any, can you help quantify perhaps how much the growth in this market might be on a full year basis, not on an internal quarter basis, just given what you see there?
Jon Olson: Well, we've been clicking off some pretty good double digit full year versus full year kind of growth rates and I think we were in somewhere in the 20s year before last and this last year in 10-15ish kind of growth rate or something. I would expect us to be somewhere in the high single, low double-digit kind of a number year-over-year based on what we can see today.
Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML: And then very last question. On the China 3G side, either for you or Moshe, how is your positioning on with W-CDMA or CDMA 2000 or by carrier versus what you've seen so far or TD-SCDMA with China Mobile?
Jon Olson: I think wide band CDMA is of equivalent strength of where we are in TD-SCDMA, and I think those are our two strongest areas that impact Asia.
Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML: Okay, thank you very much.
Jon Olson: Last question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Great. I made it. Quick question, Moshe, you said the last two weeks business was better than expected. Did you mean the last two weeks of December or the last two weeks here in January?
Moshe Gavrielov: It was the last two weeks of December, hence we ended up with a number, which was better than what we had projected in the middle of December.
Jon Olson: I would say, we had a pretty healthy first couple weeks of December and it got us pretty spooked about what was going to happen and that low level did not absolutely continue for the last couple of weeks, it was slightly better than it was in this…
Moshe Gavrielov: Wasn't great but better than the dismal first part I guess?
Jon Olson: Right. It made us have a -- at least our Christmas that we thought was okay to have.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Okay. And then how have the last couple of weeks been? Have they been at that second half of December level or ?
Jon Olson: Very choppy, and we haven't had a consistent pattern here. We are kind of early doing our announcement and that our fiscal year end ended before the holiday season was over. So during the holidays people really weren't ordering very much and turns were pretty weak and we had some slightly better numbers for last week but it is way too early right now in the quarter or even this month to figure out what the pattern is going to be. Really choppy.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Fair enough. Good job guys. Thanks.
Maria Quillard: Operator, one more question, please?
Operator: Your final question in the queue will come from the line of Ruben Roy.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. Question for Moshe. Virtex-5, a lot of success. Can you just maybe talk about -- you have five platforms.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay, well, two of the five families are relatively recent introductions so we're pleased with the uptick there but they aren't contributing significant revenue, so it's the first three that have the share of the revenue and it's those that are moving to higher volumes and we have with all of our higher volume customers, we have approaches to enable them to stay with FPGA solutions so that's done on a customer by customer basis and there are some definitely on the Virtex-5 which have that solution, and quite pleased with how well it's going.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, great. A follow up Moshe then, are there any conversions to EasyPath today or do you expect any within the next few quarters? Thank you.
Moshe Gavrielov: You know? We're doing conversions on an ongoing basis on the [ops] technologies and they continue all the time. It's part of the life cycle of the product is to go through those conversions at the appropriate point in time. And yes, it does happen and what typically happens is that these things happen somewhat later than the customers expect because they ramp up a little more slowly and they happen at a lower number than they expect but they do happen and it's part of the general life cycle of the projects. And it just continues, continues on an ongoing basis so I don't think there's any particular uptick at any point in time, it's just part of normal business.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks very much.
Maria Quillard: Okay, well thank you all for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific, 8:00 p.m. Eastern. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. As we stated in our Press Release our guidance update for the March ending quarter will take place on Tuesday, March 3rd, prior to the market open. Our next earnings release date for the fourth quarter of FY ‘09 will be Wednesday, April 22nd after the market close. This quarter we will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Technology conference at the end of February and the Morgan Stanley conference in early March. This completes our call and thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-10-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Lori Owen – IR  Moshe Gavrielov – President & CEO Jon Olson – Sr. VP Finance & CFO
Analysts:  Tim Luke – Unspecified Company  Uche Orji - UBS  James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Glen Yeung - Citigroup  Christopher Danely – JP Morgan  Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities  Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse  Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch  John Dryden - Charter Equity  David Wong - Wachovia  David Wu - Global Crown Capital  Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities Analyst 
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome everyone to the Xilinx second quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Lori Owen. 
Lori Owen: Good afternoon everyone. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the September quarter then we will open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents that the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements.  Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you Lori, during today’s commentary I will review our business results for the September quarter, I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the December quarter.  Revenues in the September quarter of $483.5 million were down 1% sequentially from the prior quarter and up 9% from the same quarter of the prior year. The quarter played out pretty much as expected. The month of July was strong from a bookings perspective, August weak, and September was good. Gross margin of 63.3% was in line with our guidance of 63% to 64% but slightly then gross margin last quarter due primarily to higher then anticipated growth from Virtex-5 which had slightly lower then corporate gross margins as well as customer mix which was weighted more heavily towards high volume customers. Operating margins of 25.8% was the highest we have reported in nearly three years. Operating income of $124.6 million included $2.5 million in restructuring charges which was slightly more then we had anticipated.  September quarter operating income was up 16% sequentially and up 32% year-over-year. Combined R&D and SG&A expense was down 3% sequentially and represented 36.7% of sales, down from 37.6% of sales in the prior quarter. We continue to make progress in controlling expenses. In the same period a year ago combined R&D and SG&A expense accounted for 40.1% of sales. We will continue to work towards meeting our corporate targets. Other income in the September quarter was $8.5 million, more then $5 million forecasted due to realized gains from our investment portfolio. On the other hand we also recorded a $29 million pre-tax impairment charge on investments during the quarter primarily related to losses on certain cash portfolio investments in the financial sector.  The resulting cash loss impact from these impairments is not known at this time but could likely be less then the accounting charge. We continue to maintain very conservative investment guidelines designed to mitigate credit risk by limited investments in the debt securities of a single issuer and diversifying risks across geographies and type of issuer. Additionally we have continued to reduce our exposure to financial institutions and have moved more defensively to government and agency securities. September quarter net income was $81.8 million or $0.29 per diluted share including the previously discussed restructuring and impairment charges.  Collectively these charges represented approximately $0.09 per diluted share reduction after tax. Operating cash flow for the September quarter was $95 million before $12 million in CapEx. The decrease from last quarter was primarily due to severance and related payments, convertible bond debt interest payment, and a backend loaded shipment profile.  In the first six months of our fiscal year we generated $253 million in operating cash flow. We repurchased 4.9 million shares for $125 million during the quarter and paid $39 million in dividends. Lastly the tax rate for the September quarter was 21.4%.  Let me now comment on the balance sheet, cash and investments decreased $73 million during the quarter to $1.8 billion. Factoring in the $1 billion convertible, our net cash position is approximately $800 million. Day sales outstanding increased six days in the September quarter to 44 days.  Inventory dollars at Xilinx increased by $1 million sequentially in the September quarter representing 73 days. This is up slightly from 72 days in the prior quarter and up from 69 days in the same quarter a year ago. Worldwide distributors held 20 days in the September quarter which was down from 21 days in the prior quarter and down from 23 days held in the same quarter a year ago. Combined inventory days in the September quarter were 93 days which was flat with the prior quarter and well within our target of 90 to 100 days.  New product sales increased 5% sequentially driven by strong Virtex-5, Spartan-3E and 3A sales but offset by Virtex-4 sales which declined as expected after a strong June quarter.  Mainstream and base products experienced sequential declines of 6% and 1% respectively. North America sales were down 6% sequentially, more then anticipated due to declines in networking and defense. European sales were up 2% sequentially, stronger then expected due primarily to increases in both wire line and wireless communications. Asia Pacific sales were up 1% sequentially driven by strong sales to wireless customers, but offset by declines in nearly every other end market segment. Japan was our strongest region during the quarter with sales increasing 5% sequentially due primarily from strength from customer, consumer and industrial and other applications. From an end market perspective communication sales increased 2% sequentially in the September quarter, representing 43% of total sales up from 42% in the prior quarter. Sales to customers in the wireless space were particularly strong during the quarter driven primarily by next generation wireless activity in China.  Wireless sales strength more then offset wire line sales which were weak in all geographies but Europe. Industrial and other sales were down 6% sequentially representing 32% of total sales down from 33% in the prior quarter.  The sales decline in this sector was primary attributable to lower sales to customers to defense and industrial, scientific, and medical sectors. The consumer and automotive sector was our strongest end market in the quarter increasing 6% sequentially and representing 17% of total sales up from 16% in the prior quarter. Sales growth was driven by customers in the audio video broadcast and pure consumer sectors. The data processing sector declined 8% sequentially representing 8% of sales, down from 9% in the prior quarter. The decline in this category was driven by weakness in both the storage and computing and data processing categories.  Let me now turn to guidance for the December quarter of fiscal 2009, we enter the quarter with increased backlog and sales have been relatively good in the first couple of weeks. Over the past five years sequential sales growth in the December quarter has averaged about 4%. We remain concerned over the macroeconomic situation, however we are expecting Virtex-5 to have another strong quarter and we are also expecting to see strength from wireless and defense end markets. As a result we are forecasting sales to be up 2% sequentially to down 2% sequentially, slightly lower then seasonal. The mid point of this guidance requires a turns percentage of approximately 56%, down from 59% in the September quarter. Based on backlog analysis and customer feedback we are anticipating sales from Asia Pacific to be up sequentially and sales from Europe, US and Japan to be flat to down sequentially in the December quarter. From an end markets perspective we expect communications to be flat as wireless gains are offset by wire line decline. We expect industrial and other to be flattish as sales to defense customers are offset by declines in test and measurement and medical. And consumer and automotive to be up driven by audio video broadcast. We expect sales from data processing to be down sequentially.  Gross margin is expected to be approximately 63% to 64%. Combined operating expenses including $1.4 million of amortization are expected to be approximately $180 million down slightly from the September quarter.  Other income including the impact of interest expense is expected to be approximately $3 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 276 million shares. Our tax rate for the remainder of fiscal 2009 is expected to be 21% inclusive of the R&D tax credit. The December quarter tax rate will be approximately 18% which includes a catch-up benefit of approximately $3 million.  Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you Jon and good afternoon to you all. In a difficult macroeconomic environment we are gratified with this quarter’s significant accomplishments. Sales for the September quarter were up 9% versus the same quarter last year. In addition sales for the first half of fiscal 2009 were similarly up 9% compared to the first half of fiscal 2008. I am particularly pleased with our operating margin which continued to show significant improvement reaching nearly 26% for the September quarter; the highest we have reported in nearly three years. Jon and I remain very much committed to continuing to improve operating margin through a combination of increased focus and tight spending controls.  Moving along to a discussion of our products, the most important highlight of the quarter was the Virtex-5 sales growth which increased over 40% sequentially surpassing 10% of total sales. Virtex-5 strength during the quarter was broad based with wireless activity in China particularly strong.    Based on our current design win activity and the comprehensive breadth of this product offering in the market we currently expect the Virtex-5 product to grow to be the largest Virtex family in our history in terms of sales.  During the September quarter Xilinx began shipping two new Virtex-5 devices; the SX240T, the FX200T, and announced the new Virtex-5 TXT FPGA platform.  This platform consists of two 65-nm devices that are targeted for use in next generation Ethernet bridging and switching solutions as well as applications in high performance computing video broadcast.  These devices delivered the highest number of 6.5Gpbs serial transceivers available on any FPGA and are fully supported with application specific IP, development tools and reference designs for implementing high bandwidth protocol bridging.  Virtex-5 backlog is up significantly heading into the December quarter and we are again expecting similar strong sequential sales growth. We believe our 65-nm solution is still very early in its life and we expect it to continue to be a substantial driver of sales growth for some time.  The other bright spot in our new products category was the growth of the Spartan-3A and 3E families which collectively increased 18% sequentially and nearly doubled when compared to the same quarter a year ago.  These products are gaining considerable traction in high volume markets such as set top boxes, servers, DVRs and telematics. For the September quarter Virtex sales represented 57% of our total sales, Spartan sales were 26%, CPLD sales were 8%. There is a lot of concern over the current macroeconomic environment and Jon elaborated on some of this in this remarks. Ultimately there is no such thing as a recession proof semiconductor company. Xilinx is no exception to this rule. However I am convinced that PLDs are increasingly well positioned to capitalize on increased volatility and uncertainty in today’s marketplace. In a recent EE Times article, you may have seen reference to the occurrence of the long anticipated tipping point.  The tipping point referred to in this article pertains to the accelerated displacement of [gate or] ASIC to be shortly followed by structured ASIC and standard cell solutions by FPGAs. This accelerating trend is fully supported by the widespread feedback perceived from several [turns] of customer visits I made this last quarter. I absolutely am convinced that we are at the forefront of this trend. Further evidence of this is in the expanding number of end markets that we service. Starting with wireless communications in the September quarter driven by strong activity in China our wireless sales increased from 11% to 15% of revenue. In the December quarter we expect wireless sales to increase again. Based on our current design win traction we expect to gain PLD and total market share both in the wireless segment as well as in the Asia Pacific geographic region.  Another market that has some positive momentum is audio video broadcast. While AVB activity in US and Western Europe has slowed, we are experiencing pockets of demand in emerging markets like China, India, Eastern Europe, Latin America and The Middle East.  Activity in this market segment is driven by a number of factors including government mandates to shut off analog spectrum, high penetration of HD TVs and competitive pressures amongst satellite and cable broadcasters as well as among the actual news affiliates. All of this is speeding up the timetables for HD upgrades which work in favor of PLDs. Last but clearly not least is the defense market where the migration to PLD based solutions is most abundantly evident. This is the result of a number of factors including greater PLD cost competitiveness, the ongoing evolution of standards and the demands of new defense transformation programs that have reprogrammability as the key figure of merit for design wins. As Jon mentioned we’re expecting our defense sales to be up in the December quarter driven by a variety of applications such as secure solutions, space communications, and avionics.  I have highlighted before this inexorable trend that we call the programmable imperative. The expanding ubiquity of programmable devices is best reflected in the rapidly expanding breadth of applications we serve and our increased end market diversity.  Today 50% of our sales are from the consumer, industrial and other categories, up from 30% five years ago and a clear indication that our products are reaching a broader base of customers. In summary I am pleased with Xilinx results during a turbulent time in the financial markets. We are becoming a more focused and operationally efficient organization. This is reflected not only in our improved profitability but also in the market acceptance of the Virtex-5 family and the Spartan-3E and 3A families. Additionally early engagement customer feedback we are receiving on our next generation product development efforts has been highly encouraging. We remain on track to share more about these products by the end of our fiscal year.  Finally we expect our competitive position in A-Pac to continue to improve markedly with Japan following suit based on key design wins recently won for next generation communications and scientific and medical application. We are now ready for the Q&A session. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Tim Luke – Unspecified Company 
Tim Luke – Unspecified Company : I was wondering if you could provide a little color in terms of the broad environment. It sounds like you were saying that the first few weeks of the quarter had got off to a fairly steady start. Is that correct? Perhaps you could just clarify what you believe your backlog did directionally, whether it was up or down in the quarter and with respect to the wireless business in particular it sounds like it was strong last quarter and it’s guided up again in the coming quarter. Is that just Chinese TD [inaudible] that is providing the incremental list and how do you see that flowing as you look into the beginning of 2009?
Jon Olson: We entered the quarter with a stronger backlog then we entered the previous quarter so that’s point one and we’ve had a couple of pretty solid weeks of turns in the first couple of weeks of the quarter as well.  If you just looked, and you would normally expect our December quarter to be a little more frontend loaded just because of the holiday slowdown that typically happens in terms of the shipment pattern. So if you just use those data points solely, you’d say wow things are clicking on all cylinders and things are going really well. However in trying to reach out over the last two weeks to understand more current information from our customers, there’s a lot of confusion out there of what’s really happening. We have had some customers in the communication space that have signaled to us that they’re going to cut their builds. We’ve had others who have said absolutely no, I’m set. I think I’m going to take all those products this quarter so there’s a lot of mixed signals going on and certainly erring more on the fact that people are saying things are okay then the ones that say they’re concerned.  So we’ve seen pockets of communications that have backed off and pockets in test and measurement that have backed off from us in terms of saying we’re uncertain about the future. So as a result of that, that’s why we took the position we did in terms of our guidance is going below seasonal and reducing our backlog, our turns required to hit our number is a fallout of that to take the posture that we are, its not clear what’s going to happen on the macro environment as we unfold through the quarter.  Then you asked a question around wireless and what we see in wireless and yes we had a very strong quarter this last quarter driven largely by Asia Pacific and we do expect a good quarter. We have orders on the books so its not one of those things that we’re looking at and saying there’s promises coming, we’re starting out strong in the wireless space. It is again primarily Asia Pacific and China specifically but it’s also India. So the rollouts that are happening or the builds that are happening are really four rollouts that in the Asia Pacific region regardless of which geography happens to be building their customers is headquartered at that we’re addressing with those products. So we feel pretty good about the wireless space. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji - UBS 
Uche Orji - UBS : Regarding Virtex-5 what are the products that are driving growth and right now and where do you see more growth coming from that product? If you can also give us an update as to what your next timing for 40 or 45-nm is going to be.
Jon Olson: So V-5, the strength has been different as we’ve evolved over the last 18 months. Usually the first uses of V-5 go to a lot of validation or evaluation kinds of, excuse me emulation opportunities so then as the design wins have flowed through then we start seeing more classic designs where we’re the center of people’s designs in communication space and aerospace and defense.  So if I had to pick two of our end markets, and I’ll say three, wireless plus wired, very strong V-5 adoption, aerospace and defense very strong V-5 adoption. 
Uche Orji - UBS : And the 40-nm?
Moshe Gavrielov: This is a very broad product offering. It actually addresses a whole set of applications and the newest versions we just announced just indicate that and they basically are again targeted at some specific communications opportunities that we believe are going to have very significant revenue using these products and they are leadership products, very well differentiated on a no-risk part which can be used now and be very successful.  We are in parallel developing our next generation of products and we feel very comfortable with our rollout plans. What we’ve said publically is we will share these plans by the end of the year which basically means the first calendar quarter of 2009. It’s going to be a very broad release of products which will continue to give us leadership very much akin to and even more then what we have on the 65-nm node. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider - Goldman Sachs
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Could you talk first about, when you talk to your telecom and enterprise networking customers directionally about what they expect in 2009, what are they saying to you in terms of whether they expect an up year or a down year next year? If the top line is weaker in 2009 are there any opportunities for you to reduce OpEx further and can you comment directionally on your OpEx for 2009?
Moshe Gavrielov: Generally speaking and I spent this last quarter travelling around all over the world and meeting I think it was over 50 customers and quite a few of those were in the communication space and to repeat what Jon said, you do get an interesting set of responses. For some they’re very cautious and for others they just believe that based on their wins that they’re going to have a very good year.  Its difficult to find a common thread at this point in time which is pointing in any specific direction just because of the diversity of that plus the obvious caution that people are exhibiting at this point in time. What we are seeing is a broadening of the set of applications we address to go well beyond communications and this is medical, automotive, high end consumer, military, etc. and to some extent as you go and see all of these customers you get a very strong positive feeling that as they’re transitioning away from ASIC and to some extent away from standard products, to FPGAs there is some comfort in that broadening of the market and which enables us to service more and more applications, which to be honest just don’t have any alternatives. 
Jon Olson: Regarding if the top line gets weaker to we have opportunities in OpEx, that’s a highly hypothetical question because you could say well how much weaker and I could give you a different answer depending on different points if I thought about it. There’s a lot of uncertainty out there. We certainly considered the situation, what happens if things get weaker at the top line but quite frankly we’re very committed to these goals that we set out about 30% operating margin, etc.  Those are our medium and long-term goals and I want to be really careful about how we attack what could or might or might not be a short-term [inaudible] in the top line. So I think first you have to access whether the top line impact is going to be a long-term or a short-term impact before we go in and start doing major surgery on anything we’re doing in OpEx.  Its really important to us to keep our portfolio and engineering direction in tact under as many circumstances as is possible because there’s a real opportunity for us out there in these kinds of environment with customers that are choosing ASICs in particular to convert them over to FPGAs in these not very good economic times as they are trying to find ways to cut spending.  It probably wouldn’t be in the best long-term interest of our shareholders to just go whacking away on our engineering spending quite frankly. But having said that if the top line gets weaker we are definitely going to look at every opportunity in OpEx and we would probably constrain certain kinds of non-critical items outside of engineering as a result again depending on the severity of the weakness and our estimate of the longevity of the weakness. It’s not a straight forward answer, but it’s also a very difficult question to assess unless you go through and pick a bunch of different kinds of alternatives along the way. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Do you think you could keep OpEx flat at current levels?
Jon Olson: Again, it’s really situational. If the top line weakens and we think its going to be sustained I would take some actions to reduce the OpEx numbers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung - Citigroup 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup : Can you comment on the [ST] behavior in the quarter and what you’re seeing to start this quarter, any impact you expect to see on inventories in the fourth quarter. I think last quarter you mentioned that some smaller US [inaudible] we kind of weak and then just on your 45-nm ramp and what your schedule is there and maybe talk a bit about what your partner is going to be in that market and whether you’re going to stick with UMC or maybe look outside?
Jon Olson: We continue to see weakness in North America in terms of distribution and so I think what was started for us in June is running about the same level. It’s not really horrible but it is relatively softer then the rest of our overall business would indicate. So and that has shown up in the North America primarily. Other geographies really not so much and we’ve been able to at least match any of those declines with sales from our larger customers which are more direct in nature.  We’ve seen I would say pretty consistent level, I don’t think it’s gotten weaker as we went through the September quarter. I think it started in June and stayed at a somewhat, somewhat declined from the run rate that we had been experiencing in the previous several quarters. 
Moshe Gavrielov: About the manufacturing opportunities we’ve demonstrated through the help of our manufacturing partners that we can and have delivered leadership and at every node we reassess that to make sure that we can continue to provide the leadership that is expected and required by our customers and so we’re doing that at every new node and we just make the right decisions. Obviously the partners that we have have enabled us to deliver on that and it is our expectation that we will continue to deliver regardless of whatever partners we end up using. Obviously the incumbents have a major opportunity to continue to win our business. Typically we have had more then one fab and that strategy, or one then one manufacturing partner and that strategy has worked really well for us and we intend to continue it in the future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely – JP Morgan 
Christopher Danely – JP Morgan : Within the com exposure can you just breakout sort of Asia versus North America, Europe and wireless wire line and then what’s your vision of the 65-nm ramp in products next year and when do you think it will begin to contribute meaningfully to revenue?
Jon Olson: The 65-nm ramp I think we feel pretty good about for next year. Virtex-5 which is our product, which we said was 10% of our total revenue so we do expect continued strong growth from Virtex-5 and all its derivative families. The design win level has been quite high and that’s why we made the statement that we believe this is going to be the highest revenue in its lifecycle, the highest revenue producing product family ever in the industry and we feel really, really good about that. So we would view that to continue to grow at a pretty significant ramp next year as many designs start to come into the space where we’ll start to be delivering product in a reasonable volume there.  Relative to our communications breakdown wire to wireless A-Pac versus North America I don’t know how granular we’re really going to be able to get for you here but essentially in Asia Pacific wireless was very strong for us and wired was down but the wireless more then offset that for the most part. North America was down and I would say that’s driven more by our wired position then it is our wireless position in North America. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities : The 15% of revenues you said come from wireless, but you say the majority of that comes from Asia Pac at this point?
Jon Olson: I don’t have the numbers at that degree of granularity right in front of me right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse 
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse : Could you talk about the decline in defense in the third quarter, what drove that and then computing has come up through second half, are there any new programs that could drive a rebound or do you think slow macro that remains at lower levels?
Jon Olson: On defense, there’s not anything really specific on defense. It was just a buying pattern of a couple of handfuls of customers that had bought more in the previous quarter and bought less this quarter so that was really the only thing. It was not any one specific program or sector so there’s really not anything that’s very remarkable there because they’re still up and down depending on programs and how they rollout with the government even though typically when new money happens starting in the December quarter starting in October, is when we get our pop. On the computer and data processing segment storage, we had a couple of customers that had a significant relative to our size of storage, which isn’t very large anymore, increased last quarter and those essentially didn’t reoccur and so that really contributed. We were up last quarter and then back down because of these two customers that bought a reasonable amount from us. The computing part of the data processing segment was down a little bit but the biggest percentage increase was really from storage. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : On the margins, you said V-5 growth is impacting the margins negatively, I’m wondering at what point will V-5 be accretive to margins and also talking about the 45-nm, what kind of incremental R&D spend do you expect as you rollout the 45-nm?
Jon Olson: V-5 margin profile, we’re just a little bit under the corporate margin range right now, not a great deal but a little bit and a few points, and I think within a couple of quarters it probably is going to be above the margin. It depends on mix a little bit too and whether the products, how new it is in its generation and because we’ve rolled out a lot of different families and different devices I mean, so those tend to have slightly different profiles so it does depend on mix a little bit. But we’re doing really well there and I don’t, in terms of talking about next year’s numbers and a strong V-5 profile I don’t anticipate it being a drag in any way on our margins. We continue to do well there and we have more headroom to improve margins.  On 45-nm spending we really haven’t, our fiscal year is at the end of March and we really haven’t gone through a full year budgeting process so its difficult for us to give you full impacts. Clearly as we introduce our product families, we’re going to have some increased mass spending but we haven’t worked out how we might offset that or how much we can or cannot offset that throughout the year with other kinds of benefits anywhere from gross margin to SG&A or elsewhere in R&D.  But I think we are going to have to have quite a few tape outs and quite a few events there so we’ll keep you posted as soon as we work through all the timing on that and we go through our budgeting process in the next quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Dryden - Charter Equity 
John Dryden - Charter Equity : Within military can you discuss if growth is more of a replacement of existing FPGA designs or primarily share gain over ASIC and ASSPs and if possible can you breakout the growth rates of those two areas?
Moshe Gavrielov: I don’t have the details but I can tell you that its not displacement of FPGAs, it’s a massive transition across the board from ASIC which just totally losing their viability and to some extent ASSPs which are becoming more and more targeted at only ultra high volume applications and military does not in any way, shape or form fall into that category. So we’re seeing transitions which are happening en mass. Amazingly another transition which is happening is even on old programs, customers are coming to us and they’re implementing devices which used to be standard products and/o ASIC and they just don’t have a viable solution because they’re getting end-of-life, they can’t handle the long military lifespan and they’re implementing those devices in FPGAs.  And so this is, it’s not a displacement of old FPGAs and hence a cannibalization of existing business, it’s a totally new realm and its growing very rapidly. It’s actually the fastest growing business we have now. I don’t see in that world things changing. I think ASIC and standard product by and large are not viable anymore and with these customers, we are definitely in the center of their systems. There’s no doubt about that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong - Wachovia 
David Wong – Wachovia: You were talking in your prepared remarks about the new Spartan products, 3A and 3E, can you give us an idea of the price range at the bulk of these products and is the gross margin of these products typically above or below corporate gross margin? 
Jon Olson: There’s a variety of sizes of 3E architecture so you can buy one for $1.00 and you can buy them for $10.00 so there’s a pretty wide range and it also then depends on the package so then you can buy them for even more money depending on the price point is even higher depending on the package. So there’s a lot of range and variability in that particular area.  The margins are probably more dependent on the end market that they serve then anything else. Because of the cost profile required for consumer applications and they’re ability to use maybe less expensive packaging and more simple products, etc. and the price sensitivity around those relative to alternatives that customers have, the margins tend to be lower on the pure consumer side. On the other hand margins that are in the communications business and carry some higher functionality within those product families would be much closer to corporate margins.  Generally Spartan margins on average are a little bit below the corporate margins. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu - Global Crown Capital 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital : Can I get some clarification from you on two things, first the investment tax credit has been implemented and I was thinking about on an ongoing basis in your fiscal 2010, what kind of a tax rate should I assume?
Jon Olson: The R&D tax credit was signed into law in early October and our current view of our tax rate for the rest of this year inclusive of that is 21% for a full year basis even though we’re getting this catch-up that I talked about in the December quarter. So we haven’t really set a tax rate for next year yet. For now I guess 21% is a safe number to use. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray
Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray: If I’m not mistaken you’re about 400 basis points away from hitting your targeted 30% operating margin target in light of a challenging macro environment are you now in a position where you’re accepting that it might take longer to get to that target or are you going to be as committed to getting to that target as you have been in the past with respect to the timeframe and thus might be a little more aggressive in cutting costs?
Jon Olson: Its pretty situational and as I mentioned, if we look at these targets in both our revenue growth, CAGR and our other commitments as I’ll say mid term to longer term goals and at the Analysts presentation we talked about three year CAGR on revenue growth and kind of talked about we should be able to get to our 30% within three years and we’re going to try to get there faster, clearly a challenging macro environment situation puts pressure on us. One would hope that we won’t be in this kind of a situation for an extended period like as much as three years but if for some reason this turns out to be a deep recession we’re going to have to take some action. So we are very committed to the 30% number, we’re also very committed to make sure that we don’t make mistakes on our long-term investment profile such that we retain the value of the company and have an opportunity to grow it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: If I run the rough math on your wireless business in terms of your exposure to that market last quarter and then the just reported quarter it seems like the growth was about 35% sequentially and then you’re targeting growth again in the December quarter, can you give us a sense of how much of this growth is really related to new design or market share gain versus organic growth in the wireless infrastructure market?
Jon Olson: It’s pretty safe to say most of the increase is due to new designs and new capabilities. In particular we are well positioned in the TDS CDMA market in China with those manufacturers and specifically that was one particular technology that helped drive the increase.  We continue to see replacement or additions to existing networks out there as part of the base of our wireless but the growth rate was really driven by new technologies, new design wins, and rollouts in various places around the world. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: The TDS CDMA growth that you’re seeing, what sort of a time horizon that your customers are telling you or indicating to you in terms of how long this tail of growth can last? Relative to their deployment schedule how far along are you in terms of shipping your product?
Jon Olson: I think it’s very much in the beginning of it but it’s really dependent on how many subscribers are collected by the telecom or the provider and exactly who is going to win the lion share of the extension or the add-ons as it gets more proliferated across the country. They’re also looking for selling that technology outside of China and there’s some opportunity there I suppose for them. It’s really hard to say. We get information that suggest that there’s a very strong push by the Chinese government in order to get more subscribers using this technology and therefore some of this start-up has happened. If they are successful in attracting the subscribers through however subsidy or however they may be doing it downstream, then we’re going to have a pretty nice run and long tail from where we are today. If it’s like more typical in other geographies, there’s bumps and it’s up and down depending on how successful they are in getting more subscribers. Obviously the customers we have in China are very aggressive and they think this is going to go on for awhile but we aren’t necessarily baking all of that aggressiveness into our long range forecast. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Analyst
Analyst: On the new products for early next year, those are indeed 45-nm and if so who would the foundry be if you can disclose that?
Moshe Gavrielov: We’ve finished rolling out all of our 65-nm product and we have a very comprehensive offering so the next very comprehensive set of solutions will indeed be at the next obvious process node and we are working with our incumbent foundries and we’re also looking at other opportunities. We make sure that we have a dual foundry strategy which enables us to deliver leadership in the same way we have in the past and we will continue to do that.  We haven’t announced any names at this point in time. 
Analyst: In terms of wafer pricing with the dual strategy that you have, what do you expect pricing to be next year and could there be an advantage to having the dual source in terms of market conditions that we see today. 
Moshe Gavrielov: Obviously the pricing is not something we publically announce but one of the benefits of having dual source is having alternatives and having competition for our business so that does help us quite a bit and we are very pleased with what that has provided us with and obviously it is one of the considerations as we move forward to enable us to derive the same benefits in the next generation of products too. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities : On the foundry if you were indeed going to source a foundry that you haven’t worked with in the past, can you talk about what your sense is on the cycle time of having production ready product out of that new foundry versus just moving to a new process node in an existing foundry?
Moshe Gavrielov: We make sure that with our manufacturing partners we have smooth introductions of new products and if you look back to a few generations actually the transitions were bumpy. We know how to make those transitions. We’ve done them several times now with more than one foundry and we feel very comfortable in our ability to make those transitions.  With each new technology node there are new challenges. To some extent having a absolute fantastic market position on 65-nm puts us in a great position to move to the next node which is not that different to be totally honest and that, we feel very comfortable in our ability to do that and the Virtex-5 is an example of how we made those transitions very successfully and introduced those product offerings very smoothly and just rolled them out and that learning plus some of the challenges that occurred are being applied to the new generation of product be it with existing foundries or potential of new foundries. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of John Dryden - Charter Equity 
John Dryden - Charter Equity : Can you walk us through the components of the drop in long term investments, if this is different from your initial commentary concerning the credit market exposure and similarly can you walk us through the $30 million bump in long-term liabilities? 
Jon Olson: The long-term investment decline is really related to closing out some longer term investments and what we talked about the gains, that we had some gains in the other income and basically capturing some gains that were classified in treasury investments that were classified as long term. So those have been rolled over to shorter term government backed kinds of investments in order to stay as liquid as possible.  The long-term liability, I’m not sure I can answer that right now. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Tim Luke – Unspecified Company
Tim Luke – Unspecified Company: If you could provide what the headcount did and how you see that going forward and some of the players who have made a quarter update, [inaudible] removed them and then [inaudible] given the uncertain macro, do you have any color on how you’re approaching that?
Jon Olson: Headcount was really flat quarter on quarter, it wasn’t a big change. The headcount was down because of our reduction in force adjusted for those actions, the headcount numbers were relatively flat quarter on quarter.  Our posture going forward is obviously be quite cautious here. We have a number of projects that are in the hopper. We do have a fair number of skill set issues that we’re off recruiting for so our recruiting hasn’t gone to zero but I would not expect us to grow dramatically for the next couple of quarters if probably, we’ll drift up maybe a little bit but not, I wouldn’t say its going to be a significant number.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of David Wu - Global Crown Capital 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital : In the article you mentioned EE Times, I was surprised to see that the least satisfaction from the people who fill out that survey were about software and I was wondering historically at least the last several years, Xilinx has been leading in the routing and placement software in terms of quality and speed and all that good stuff, what is still lacking in those software that the customers are still not satisfied with that? And Jon if we have calendar 2009 let’s say the revenues for the full year looks like its going to be down double-digit year to year, what would you do to your operating expenses?
Moshe Gavrielov: We have a very big investment in the software world and we actually are continuing to invest heavily. It is true that as the devices are getting a lot more complicated and we typically have the lion share of the largest complexity devices just due to our market position and technology superiority that that’s where the software runs into the most challenges in terms of capacity and routing and turn around time and ease of use and the whole host of abilities, from my perspective its an opportunity.  Coming from the EDA world where I spent 10 years prior to joining Xilinx there’s a whole host of issues that need to be addressed as you move from implementing systems in ASIC and standard products to FPGAs and what we intend to do as a strategy is to provide a set of a very comprehensive capabilities. However it is my very strong belief that there’s great opportunity for the EDA companies to continue to provide solutions primarily at the front end on the design creation side and what we are doing as a strategy is making sure that we have an approach that enables our customers to do the best implementation using the internal tools and to the extent that they can benefit from these external tools from third parties and the major EDA companies they will use those. I think coming from the EDA world this transition and the rapid reduction in the number of ASIC and the number of standard product that is being designed is forcing those EDA companies to move more and more of their development dollars to products which are front end oriented which will be relevant for the programmable world and if you look at Synopsis for example, the recent acquisition that they made of Simplicity is a good example of that.  We work with them as partners and in addition to the tools we provide we enable these tools from these third parties and that will continue to be our strategy going forward.
Jon Olson: I suppose if I knew it was going to be double-digit going into the year I might have a slightly different approach to it but you typically don’t know those things all the time but there’s no doubt that we would do things to pare back spending if things started to slip away in that particular way. We would however though; we would try to protect our current development portfolio of getting our next generation products out. That’s very important for us to do that. We may or may not decide to slip the calendarization of certain of those devices in order to try to make the P&L improve without significantly impacting our customers. So there’s a lot of factors that would go into it. We are committed to delivering operating margins and we would do what we think was prudent to pare back what we could pare back in order to have an acceptable level of operating margins.  
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Lori Owen: Thank you for joining us today. Our next earnings release date for the third quarter of FY09 will be Wednesday, January 14, 2009 after market close. This quarter we will be attending the Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference on December 3.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Moshe Gavrielov – Chief Executive Officer and President Jon Olson – Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance Maria Quillard – Investor Relations
Analysts: Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities  Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird  Ryan Bouchard - Piper Jaffray  Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse  Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities  Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch  Uche Orji - UBS  David Wong - Wachovia  David Wu - Global Crown Capital  John Dryden - Charter Equity  Christopher Danely - JPMorgan  Glen Yeung - Citi  John Lau - Jefferies & Co  James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers  
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Cara and I will be your conference Operator. I would like to welcome everyone to the Xilinx first quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Maria Quillard. 
Maria Quillard: Thank you and good afternoon everyone. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the June quarter then we will open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents that the company files with the SEC including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements.  This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Xilinx Investor Relations website. Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Jon Olson: Thank you, Maria. During today’s commentary, I will review our business results for the June quarter. I will conclude my remarks by providing guidance for the September quarter. Revenues in the June quarter set a new record at $488.2 million, up 3% sequentially from the prior quarter and up 9% from the same quarter of the prior year. Gross margin of 63.8% was at the high-end of our guidance of 63 to 64%, due primarily to improved yield and manufacturing efficiencies.  This is the third sequential quarter of gross margin improvement for Xilinx and a direct result of focused yield improvement and cost reduction efforts. Operating income of $107 million, including $19.5 million in restructuring charges, was down 9% sequentially and up 10% year-over-year. Combined R&D and SG&A expense were flat sequentially as guided and represented 37.6% of sales.  We continue to make progress in controlling expenses. In the same period a year ago, combined R&D and SG&A expense accounted for 39.9% of sales. However, we still have some work to do to realize our target of 17% for both R&D and SG&A. Other income in the June quarter was $5.7 million, up slightly from the prior quarter and in line with our guidance. June quarter net income of $83.9 million or $0.30 per diluted share, and included the previous mentioned restructuring charge in addition to a pre-tax $4.6 million charge related to impairment losses on equity investments. Collectively, these charges represented $24.1 million or approximately $0.07 per diluted share. Operating cash flow for the June quarter was $158 million before $10 million in CapEx. We repurchased 5.9 million shares for $150 million during the quarter and paid $39 million in dividends. Lastly, the tax rate for the March quarter was 22%, slightly higher than the 21% guided due to the fact that we have proportionately more U.S. income. Our recent workforce reduction disproportionately impacted U.S.-based employees, lowering expense and increasing U.S. income. Let me now comment on the balance sheet. Cash and investments decreased $15 million during the quarter to $1.85 billion. Factoring in the $1 billion convertible, our net cash position is approximately $850 million. Days sales outstanding decreased 10 days in the June quarter to 38 days. Inventory dollars at Xilinx increased by $10 million sequentially in the June quarter representing 72 days. This is up from 68 days in the prior quarter and down from 79 days in the same quarter a year ago.  Worldwide distributors held 21 days in the June quarter, which is down from 24 days in the prior quarter and down from 22 days held in the same quarter a year ago. Combined inventory days in the June quarter were 93, well within our target of 90 to 100 days. Let me now turn to guidance for the September quarter of fiscal 2009. As most of you are aware the September quarter is normally our seasonally weakest quarter. Over the past five years the September quarter average sales decline has approximated 2%. We enter the quarter with backlog that is slightly down sequentially. The first couple of weeks have been typical for a September quarter, which is normally backend loaded. We continue to remain cautious about the macroeconomic environment.  However, we are optimistic about the traction we are receiving from the Virtex-5 FPGA family. We are expecting this family to achieve strong sales growth in the September quarter. As a result, we are forecasting the September quarter to be up 1% to down 3% sequentially. This will require a turns percentage in the high 50s.  Based on backlog analysis and customer feedback, we are anticipating sales from Asia Pacific, North America and Japan to be flattish sequentially and sales from Europe to be down sequentially in the September quarter. From an end markets perspective, we expect communications and industrial and other to be flat to slightly down sequentially and consumer automotive and data processing to be up sequentially.  Gross margin is expected to be approximately 63 to 64%. Combined operating expenses, including $1.4 million of amortization, are expected to be approximately $180 million. Included in the $180 million of combined operating spending is 1 to $2 million of previously announced restructuring charges. Other income, including the impact of interest expense, is expected to be approximately $5 million. The share count is expected to be approximately 277 million shares. The tax rate is expected to be 22%. I’d now like to turn the call over to Moshe for some further comment.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. I’m very pleased with the June quarter results, which marked a new record for the company at $488 million, coming in at the high-end of our sales guidance.  In a challenging economic environment, we were able to achieve a number of milestones including record sales from our industrial and other category, record sales from the Asia Pacific region, and the highest gross margin since the September quarter of fiscal 2005. I’ll now provide some color on the results of our vertical markets. Final tally, sales from Communications, Industrial and Other, and Data Processing all grew sequentially this quarter while Consumer and Automotive declined slightly. The Industrial and Other market was undoubtedly the highlight of the quarter. Sales reached record levels in the June quarter exceeding $160 million. Aerospace and Defense sales, which were seasonally week in the March quarter, increased 10% sequentially in the June quarter. Sales growth from this category was very broad based with 16 of our top 20 customers growing during the quarter.  Sales from Industrial, Scientific and Medical Applications increased in high single digits sequentially. This category continues to demonstrate consistent growth, benefiting from secular trends including productivity and power saving initiatives, coupled with renewed spending on U.S. medical equipment. By sub-segment following Wired Communications, Aerospace and Defense is our second largest area with Industrial, Scientific and Medical as number three.  Communications was up 3% sequentially representing 42% of sales. European Communications customers were particularly strong, delivering double-digit growth in the June quarter.  Asian and Japanese Communication customers were also generally strong, both delivering single-digit sequential growth. North American Networking customers were healthy again this quarter, but Wireless customers declined sequentially. Our V-5 momentum and leadership is very encouraging, and we are expecting strong sales in the September quarter as several communications customers begin employing V-5 for initial production runs.  In addition, global communications upgrades including 3G wireless, WiMAX are on the rise and Xilinx is well-positioned to capitalize on these trends. As we are heading into the summer quarter, we expect our European Communications business to be seasonally softer. Data Processing grew 3% due to growth from new storage applications. The Consumer and Automotive end market was down 2% sequentially; Automotive and Audio-video Broadcast sub-segments were flat, but Consumer declined sequentially, due primarily to two customers. We expect the September quarter to experience a seasonal pick up for the Consumer and Automotive end market. Product family split shows total Virtex revenues 57% of overall revenues increasing 7% sequentially, while we tend to highlight Virtex-5 momentum, our Virtex-4 family continues to do very well and grew double-digit sequentially.  Virtex-4 is the industry’s largest high end FPGA family in terms of revenues. Spartan revenues grew 3% to 26% overall revenues and CPLDs were down sequentially comprising 8% of our overall revenue. It’s been six months since I joined Xilinx and I’m delighted with the rapid progress that’s been made to date. At our analyst meeting last month, I discussed a market dynamic I called the programmable imperative.  Basically highlights the inexorable trend that end market requirements driving programmability to become increasingly important in the complex burgeoning digital world. In parallel the alternative solutions, i.e. ASICs and ASSPs are becoming by financial necessity, more and more focused on the highest volume applications, thereby increasing the sweet spot for programmable solutions.  To capitalize on this trend we’ve taken some bold proactive measures at Xilinx. We recently completed a very broad reorganization into an efficient functional structure. The new organization is significantly simplified and more tightly integrated.  This new organization is already benefiting from increased efficiencies, more effective go-to-market strategies and improved execution. Consequently, it enables us to more rapidly develop and deliver focused customer and market driven products thereby targeting higher growth, higher return applications. As part of the reorganization we already have reviewed our existing portfolio, pruned and optimized it to accelerate the highest ROI programs. Over time we’ll be expanding our portfolio of offerings beyond focusing on power, cost and IP to further focus on power and deliver both horizontal and vertical platforms. These new offerings will be market driven with an increased emphasis on early customer collaboration. In addition we’ve implemented performance-based compensation and bonus plans to tightly align the variable compensation of the entire employee base with performance-driven metrics. In summary, there is abundant and growing opportunity for programmable solutions and definitely a lot to deliver in order to facilitate and capture these opportunities within a disciplined financial framework.  I look forward to continuing our ongoing dialogue on the Xilinx story, keeping you apprised of our progress. Jon and I, in conjunction with the entire employee base and management team focused on delivering improved results for all of our shareholders. Now let me turn the call back to the Operator to open it up for the Q&A session.  
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks so much. A couple of clarifications and a question; with respect to clarifications, if you could give us how the book-to-bill was in the quarter and any clarity, Jon, on how you have perceived the linearity through the quarter? And then just as a question, within Communications how you had perceived in terms of your guide the different segments of Wireline, Telecom, Networking and Wireless? Separately Jon, I was also wondering; you’ve got the gross margins marching upwards, although you have more new products and I believe generally your mature products have had the highest margins? Thanks.
Jon Olson: From a bookings pattern as we went through the quarter and then going into next quarter, we are starting in a flat to slightly down position in the quarter coming up here, Tim, from a backlog perspective.  But I wouldn’t call that anything but typical relative to this quarter because more typical as we have a stronger September turns business than we do July and August, particularly because of vacations, and in Europe in particular it’s really pretty slow in July and August.  We don’t see anything different right now from that perspective. So from a book-to-bill perspective I don’t think there’s anything that’s out of line here. It’s really pretty close to 1. Our linearity throughout the quarter was pretty much as we anticipated. This was a pretty level quarter for us. April, May, June all being pretty even and we didn’t see anything in particular different about June than any other June.  We might have had some stronger Communications business in the month of June. That’s probably the only outlying item that I can recall. Then you asked a question around our Communications information by segment. As Moshe was talking about, we did experience good progress in the Networking area and we saw some good early positive signs in Telecom and some of that goodness was offset in the Wireless business for us.  Now part of the Wireless offset was really around prototyping not base station; rollouts of 3G or Next Generation etcetera, it was really around the prototyping business was the biggest individual decline and I think that was really set up by a strong prototyping dollar in our last previous quarter’s figures for the most part. Then the last question was around gross margin being up, but it was up and we still had strong growth in new products and decline in our older products. While it is true that our older products have higher margins, we’ve done a really nice job of sequentially improving margins every quarter on our new products.  New products are primarily made up of 90- and 65-nanometer based products. The 90-nanometer is starting to get much more mature; 65 yields are ramping in a way that’s much faster than 90-nanometer as we have discussed over the last two years pretty consistently. We’re quite pleased where we are with the product margin and gross margins of our products.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers :  Just as a follow up then, in terms of the calendar third quarter Communications guide you would expect all of those segments to be slightly lower sequentially or are there any that are slightly higher? And just as a general question, I think your rival Altera was suggesting last night that they will see more design wins on 40-nanometer in the second half than on 65-nanometer. Any commentary on just, how you perceive the competitive dynamics there at the leading edge and any flavor as to how big 65 is as a piece of the growing business currently?
Jon Olson: From a third quarter perspective I don’t really have much color on forward-looking guidance by segment of Communications because I think we expect all the segments to be pretty much flat to down.  I don’t think there’s going to be one of the three segments standing out one way or the other. And when you’re in this kind of a flat kind of environment there really isn’t a whole lot of variation. Relative to Altera’s comments, we have an extremely strong 65-nanometer portfolio with our Virtex-5 product line. We are expecting growth. We are expecting significant growth next quarter and the quarter after in our advanced products. As we said at the analyst meeting, we’ll be announcing our 40-, 45-nanometer portfolio by the end of our fiscal year. In the meantime we’ve got a lot of really strong products to sell versus any of the competitors at the high-end and that’s what we’re going to be doing.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers : Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider - Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: First of all on the end market commentary, can you talk about what you are seeing in Industrial? And in particular if you exclude the Auto and Defense business and look at broad-based industrial and in particular smaller customers, what are you seeing there; any signs of changes, weakening perhaps due to the macro economy?
Jon Olson: Jim, I think that if you take Industrial and you take out Aerospace and Defense that leaves you with the broad-based Industrial and Scientific and Medical. We are seeing strength in the Scientific and Medical area and broad-based Industrial, depends on the geography.  If you talk about the broad-based macroeconomic trends, the only kink that I’m seeing right now is in North America. We have had some sequentially weaker channel business and some of that lands in the Industrial area and the broad-based Industrial area.  But other than that, from a macroeconomics perspective we are really not seeing too much going on. And the broad-based Industrial and the Scientific and Medical both, we believe, will grow. If you remember at our three-year CAGR growth forecast from the analyst meeting, we talked about where we thought the company was going to grow over the next three years and the Industrial area was actually the leader in terms of percentage growth, double-digit growth in those areas.  That wasn’t just all about Aerospace and Defense. It was just as much about the broad-based Industrial and Scientific and Medical for us. So we are doing quite well there.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then as a follow up, could you maybe talk a little bit about the shape of the OpEx profile that you expect through the remainder of the fiscal year? If you could throw out any kind of dollar target in terms of absolute dollars for the year that would be great.
Jon Olson: In the analyst meeting I talked about lowering our OpEx two to three-points as a percentage of revenue exiting Q4 of this next year. I don’t know what other kind of color I am going to have.  If you look at the number we gave you for next quarter which is $180 million and then it has the 1 to $2 million of restructuring charge, you can see that the actions we’ve taken both RIF and cost savings, as you can see that there’s some dollars coming out.  We have some more cost reductions planned throughout the year, but we also have some add backs that we had talked about also in the analyst meeting. I wouldn’t see us going forward having a big swing and maybe flat to slightly down in that number as we go through the year.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So just to clarify, you wouldn’t expect another significant step down in Q3?
Jon Olson: I would not expect another significant step down in Q3. We are going to work diligently through the rest of the year on our cost reduction opportunities, and as we said before there will be some add back of heads.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lau - Jefferies & Co.
John Lau - Jefferies & Co : Thank you very much. You commented on the communications end market. I wanted to follow-up on that. The competition saw some extremely strong pulls there and the overall results were very, very strong. It seems like your results have a different profile. I was wondering can you comment on any of the different dynamics there that we can be looking at?
Jon Olson: Obviously, we saw the announcement and if you parse where that came from, it appears that in North America they had very strong Communications business. And from our perspective we saw strong Networking across the board in almost every geography.  We had extremely strong business in Asia and in our large customer base and that was across both generally wired and wireless technologies. I think one of the overall differences could be between the two of us was our wireless business, and as we’ve talked about, ours declined sequentially and I think they had a different profile. I can only comment on what they said in their call relative to our business, and I think there’s just a different timing of some of the customers’ needs from us versus the customers’ needs from them.  I think if you look at our patterns over the years, you’ve seen us be much stronger towards the end of our fiscal year and their pattern is a little bit different. Those are some of the differences that I’ve seen.
John Lau - Jefferies & Co : As a follow-up to that, you indicated that not only was Communications strong for you, but Asia was strong. What are you factoring in with regards to your outlook on Q3 especially with some of the commentary about the Olympics or any slowdown over there? Have you factored that into some of your guidance?
Jon Olson: We certainly assume the Olympics are going to happen. I don’t think we are going to do anything about that one way or the other. But we definitely have taken a look at our customer forecast across the board. We’ve heard about the view that there is going to be some softness in terms of the rollouts during the calendar third quarter and we’ve put in the appropriate amounts into our forecast with that in our thinking and in the right context.
John Lau - Jefferies & Co : Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung - Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citi : Thanks. I just have one question although it’s in twelve parts. First part is really thinking about how you think about the Comm end-markets relative to the macro? Where I’m really going is we’ve seen projects, obviously, in China and in Japan, you hear about projects in the U.S.; what’s your sense as to sustainability of those projects, or the risk to them given the macro environment we’re seeing?
Jon Olson: We’ve been cautious. We’ve been thinking about the macro environment. We’ve been waiting for something bad to happen to us in our backlog and customers to back away, and we have not experienced anything significant in this area.  Our large customers are all rolling ahead with their projects. We’ve been getting very strong design wins on our Virtex-5, which is usually indicative of next generation Communications in many ways, as well as the Aerospace and Defense, but that’s less impacted by macroeconomics in the short-term.  All the signs that we see are that prototyping is happening and the projects are moving forward. So we can all get afraid about oil prices and everything else and maybe someday it will actually happen in a way that hurts us, but right now we are not getting any information that says different than full steam ahead in terms of the Communications segment.
Glen Yeung - Citi : Okay. And then you talked about V-5 showing significant strength, I think, you said in the third quarter. Can you just talk about what end market you see that strength coming from?
Jon Olson: I think primarily that will be the Communications and Aerospace and Defense will be the two areas that that will be the strongest in for us.
Glen Yeung - Citi : Okay. And on the same vein, you also talk about Comm being strong exiting the June quarter. Maybe clarify what end market that was coming from?
Jon Olson: I don’t know that I want to get that granular. We did say overall Networking was very strong for us, so I think that gives you a pretty good indication of where it came from.
Glen Yeung - Citi : Fair enough. Last question, Jon; thinking about calendar Q4, Altera was able to say that they felt like that Q4 would be above seasonal based on what they are seeing today. I wonder as you look into your calendar Q4 if you get the sense that above seasonal is a reasonable expectation?
Jon Olson: I think it’s too early for us to tell whether it’s really going to be above seasonal or not. We feel pretty good about the growth in the fourth quarter. Our historic patterns indicate that that’s typically a pretty good quarter for us, although there are a couple of outlier data points for us.  The strength typically been some in Communications, but a great deal in the Industrial and Other category, specifically Aerospace and Defense as the budget patterns of the government give them new money and that’s a usually a pretty big quarter, and most of those customers are saying good things to us, but until they actually get the money you never know for sure.
Glen Yeung - Citi : All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely - JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan : Moshe, in the beginning spiel, you mentioned horizontal and vertical platforms in terms of the different products we could see. Are you going to change your product portfolio? Are you going to have new products? Are you going to subtract some products? Are you going to start doing modules? Can you just expand upon that statement, please?
Moshe Gavrielov: At relatively high levels, if you examine what has happened in the FPGA world over the past ten years, primarily, in the past it was used for glue-gobbling, and there’s been a huge transition. Today, due to a variety of elements in a larger and larger number of applications FPGAs are now an important and central part of the system.  That’s driven by what you can achieve with an FPGA today, and it’s also being driven by the economics which are very difficult for justifying ASICs and even standard products for everything except the highest end applications. Now, as you look at that general transition, the complexity of the product is significantly growing, and the complexity has numerous aspects to it. So, whereas in the past things were driven primarily just by having the highest performance and the largest capacity as you branch into more and more applications then there are other elements that are important.  The IP portfolio has become quickly important, and then, integrating all of these things together becomes important. So, what you will see from Xilinx is a very strong focus on all of these aspects; performance, cost, capacity and power is becoming increasingly important. Then the IP and the existence of a platform which enables a broader solution are becoming more important, and we break those platforms into two kinds.  There’s the more horizontal oriented that service numerous applications, and the vertical ones, which are more specific to certain markets. What you’ll see from us − and we’ve made huge strides, we just need to hone our strategy and to implement and deliver − is a much more focused element in terms of providing these platforms and they will be driven by where we believe there is the highest return. It will also enable us to scale in terms of addressing our customers. One of the blessings we have is the thousands and thousands and thousands of customers having a platform based solution, actually, will enable us to address them efficiently, and it will reduce the onus of design that they need to bear, and it’ll reduce the support costs that we have.  This is becoming a multi-parametered solution, and it’s indicative of an industry which is transitioning from providing a peripheral solution to being the center part of our customers’ applications.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan : Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Dryden - Charter Equity.
John Dryden - Charter Equity :  Thanks for taking my question. Jon, can you walk through the accelerated cash receipts in the quarter? Should we look for this to continue or was there a dynamic late in the period that allowed to you bring in the accounts receivable?
Jon Olson: The issue is really around if you look at the calendarization of when revenue came in the last quarter versus this quarter. In March there was a lot of business in at the end of the quarter; April and May being more linear than January and February.  More of the shipments to our distributors who still are our primary conduit to the customer came in a way that the timing of when the billings went out, more cash came in. So that was point one. Point two is, as we got to the end of the quarter, the primary distributor Avnet’s year-end was at the end of this last quarter and they, I think, were also taking fewer shipments leaning out their inventory during that time period. Their shipments, they took more front-end loaded as well, would be my estimation. The net answer to your question is, no, this is not a repeatable item every quarter. It was really the confluence of two things going on at the same time and that drove our days sales outstanding to being actually lower than what I would think the typical average range is which would more be in the 40s.
John Dryden - Charter Equity : Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu - Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital :  I have a question and clarification. The clarification is on the last quarter your Asia Pacific was 32% of revenue. I assume that China is a big chunk of that 32%. Am I correct? The other one I have is about your gross margin. Both you and your competitor have very excellent gross margins on 90- and 65-nanometer and I was wondering, given how careful the guys in Taiwan have been expanding their capacity, can that good cost reduction or yield improvement continue at the 40- to 45-nanometer node?
Jon Olson: To answer your first question, yes, China is a very significant part of our Asia Pacific business. We don’t really quote the precise percentage but it is a very significant portion so you can assume that to be true. And then relative to overall foundry capacity, pricing, et cetera, that certainly is a current question and always an interesting one to understand. To me the yield improvement is not necessarily correlated to what the wafer pricing situation might be going forward.  I think it’s in everyone’s interest to have the yield be as best as it possibly can, and we work very closely with our partners to work on yield improvements. I think going forward yield improvement programs are going to be extremely important and at the cost of a 40-, 45-nanometer wafer due to the investment to develop the technology, I think it’s going to be increasingly important for us to keep on the path that we’ve been on and so we are going to try very hard to do that. Relative to the overall capacity out there in the foundry, we work very closely with our foundry partners to make sure that there are enough wafers available for us through long-range forecasts and long-range pricing discussions with them and our experience over the last couple of years, that’s certainly been quite good with both of our primary foundries in that area and we continue to work that issue to make sure that we get all the wafers that we need.  But we look at the same charts everybody else does and we certainly talk to them and understand as we go through our due diligence on foundries to understand who is going to be making the investments that allow us to stay on the leading edge of the nodes as we typically are for our industry.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong - Wachovia.
David Wong - Wachovia :  Thank you very much. Am I right in assuming that Virtex-5 sells primarily into communications applications, and if so roughly what percentage of Comms is Virtex-5 at the moment?
Jon Olson: That isn’t a good assumption, David. Virtex-5 is sold into the Comms market and it is a very important market, but Virtex-5 is also extremely important to the Industrial and Other category and in the surveillance area, for example, there are quite a few applications that it’s used in and, no, we don’t break out our Virtex-5 content within Communications.
David Wong - Wachovia : Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji - UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS :  Just a follow up on David’s question. So how much percentage of sales was Virtex-5, please?
Jon Olson: No, we are not providing that information. We were pleased with where we are in Virtex-5 in the life of its product lifecycle. We did have double-digit unit growth this quarter and some ASP decline as prototyping moved off to more mainstream kinds of activities.
Uche Orji - UBS : Okay. And just very quickly on the next-gen network and deployment in Japan. What kind of growth should we expect in the back half of 2008?
Jon Olson: I don’t think we have any forecast on that level of specificity for NGN quite frankly, Uche.
Uche Orji - UBS : Any kind of metrics you can give us in terms of where they are in terms of deployment just for us to gauge the level of enthusiasm that you feel about this in the near future? You don’t have to give me a number; just anything qualitative that helps me understand how this will be a driver in the second half.
Jon Olson: I don’t have that information right now. I don’t have anything. I have to see if we published anything out there. But I don’t have the data in front of me. I would answer the question as best as I can if I had the data but I don’t have the data in front of me.
Uche Orji - UBS : All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : Thank you, Jon. Just a follow up to your OpEx question. You just announced a 7% restructuring and if I look at your guidance for $180 million it’s only slightly below the $185 million you did in Q4. Where you are spending this incremental savings that you are achieving from the restructuring?
Jon Olson: One of the things that occurred in the July quarter because we’re talking about our forecast going forward, is our annual salary planning and focal process of the company. So you are seeing some impact and offset from the benefit that you’ve calculated there from the RIF.  As I said before, we are going to continue to work on cost reduction activities that will help over the rest of the year help offset that impact and get us into this 2 to 3% improvement of OpEx as a percent of revenue by the time we exit the year.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : Is it very much a function of higher sales, Jon, or do you see any opportunities or do you see absolute numbers going forward?
Jon Olson: We do think our sales in the second half of the year will increase even though if you look at our comparative numbers from last year, this quarter was, year-over-year, 9% ahead. And if you look at our guidance, we will be somewhere in that same neighborhood.  Year-over-year, we’re looking pretty good. And we do believe that there will be growth in the second half of the year and it will be seasonal for us. We do believe there will be some revenue growth. But we also are going to follow-up on the spending actions that we’ve talked about and we should get some benefit from that as well.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : If I compare your target model versus Altera’s, they are talking about 15% on the SG&A line and you are saying 17%. I’m just wondering if there is any structural difference between you and them that you need to have 17% in SG&A. Thank you.
Jon Olson: I can’t comment on their model and how they are structured. I don’t have much visibility into that. The way we think about SG&A, the sales and marketing effort, we want to make sure that there’s the appropriate level of technical resource to be able to work with our customers in order to develop the platforms and solutions that are important to them from a sales support perspective.  I think we’ve demonstrated that that kind of support in the field has helped lead us with our technology to a higher sales pattern than any of our competitors. So we believe that is a source of strength in the company. At the same time, we are very understanding of transactional based part of SG&A and we need to improve systems, reduce costs broadly across the company and those are some of the things that I talked about in the analyst meeting that we are working on.  Since we are from a position where we are much closer to 19% going to 17%, I’d like to get to us 17% before I start thinking about 15%. You’ll have to ask Altera about their structure and what they are doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities : I had a question for Moshe or Jon; one of the things you talked about is your design wins at 65-nanometers, 90% of the design wins. And then clearly, you were earlier than Altera at 90-nanometers too.  I’m a little curious as to why Communications, which is a segment where I would think you would see these leading design wins ramp into volume first, is a segment where you actually lag your competition, at least in recent quarters.
Moshe Gavrielov: It’s 42% of our business. Keeping it in that general range it has been growing and has been stable at that level; has been driven undoubtedly by Virtex-4 and Virtex-5 and the wins there are the ones which are keeping it at that level, as we are expanding and diversifying into other areas.  I think that is what is driving it and it’s a good and highly profitable business for us servicing those key customers in that area with our leading technology. What we have seen which has provided a little bit of downward pressure on that business is there has been a lot of consolidation in that area and as that consolidation has happened and a lot of those key customers have merged and reviewed their product portfolios and that has generated some pressure, there are less players in that market but the ones that are still around, best we can tell are using our 65- and 90-nanometer with vengeance.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities : If I could just follow-up on that. I’m not sure I quite understand because that end-market dynamic is witnessed by both you and your competition. Your customer base isn’t dramatically different from what I know.  What I’m not able to reconcile easily is your commentary on how well your design wins are doing; the Virtex-5 family was released in mid 2006 and the fact that in reality your Comm business has been stagnant, and Altera has had a couple of squishy quarters here and there, but in aggregate their growth has been much better.  Maybe there’s an easy explanation for this. I’m not able to find it.
Moshe Gavrielov: The 65-nanometer, at this point, the designs are transitioning from prototyping into volume production. So typically when you look at when we see the sweet spots in terms of revenues, it’s at a minimum three years and more typically four years after the product introduction.  You are just seeing the beginning on Virtex-5. Definitely Virtex-4 is at that point now and actually has been growing rapidly recently. Virtex-5 is ahead of us in terms of its huge contribution to growth.  I think you are only seeing half of the story; you are seeing the half which is driven by Virtex-4. You are yet to see what will be driven by Virtex-5 in terms of revenue expansion.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities : Is it fair to say then that they are doing better at 90-nanometers within the Comm segment?
Moshe Gavrielov: I really don’t have access to their numbers and I also make it a policy not to say anything bad about them because I think they are a fine company. But, I think from what I’ve heard they have done really well at the 130-nanometer in comparison, but since I don’t have their numbers in front of me, I can’t quite answer that question.
Jon Olson: We’re trying to parse out that some of the information that came out yesterday from Altera in that area, and as best as we can tell, our Virtex-4 increase was double their 90-nanometer product in terms of dollars, and we increased our share on the 90-nanometer basis at the high-end. Forgetting about the end market applications, because I think that’s much harder to understand that.  As we said, we are very happy with where we are in the 65-nanometer node, but on the 130-, I think it’s a different story, and I think that’s where they talked about some of their strength. But again I’m only going by what we can parse together from some of their percentage growth information that they provided.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities : The target gross margin for September is 63 to 64%, and of course your new range is 63 to 65%. You’re bumping-up against the top end of the old range. Is it going to be a fairly linear progression you think to that 65% mark, or is it going to happen in one or two quarters all of a sudden?
Jon Olson: No, I think mix plays a big factor into what happens in our gross margin area, and I think if you think about this quarter versus next quarter and you think about overall flat revenues, you can feel like what’s really going to go on with margin it’s not going to be a great advancement.  As the mix changes and you think about the second half of the year where we have been typically stronger in Industrial and Other and higher margin products that might indicate that maybe there will start to be a more trend up.  Linear, on our target forecast, whether it’s linear or not, I think we will have an upward slope as we go forward throughout our fiscal year.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities : Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse : I want to see if you can comment on the inventory. It’s been coming down pretty steadily the last six quarters and stable this quarter, but want to see if you need to build in a little bit more buffer given the lower CapEx trends you are seeing at the foundries and now do you need to see that trend back up a bit?
Jon Olson: Yes, actually I think you would have typically seen in at least more modern times our inventory lean out a little bit going into the summer where we typically have it flat and you saw it go up a little bit.  We do look at the foundry forecast about their capacity and utilization out in time two or three quarters ahead and we do have certain kinds of relationships that allow us to do some build aheads in order to make sure we have the right inventory at the right time.  When I spoke earlier and made comments about our working with the foundries very closely on making sure we had enough wafers at the right time, all of that’s part of our overall horizon planning we do with our foundry partners.  We put all the things that you mentioned and more things into the hopper and understand what we need. So I think we are pretty well positioned for any potential upsides or even some shortages, if they would happen to occur later on this year.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse : Okay. And if I could fit in a quick question, the prototyping, you mentioned it dropped off after a strong March. Are you back to historical rates or does that still need to come off a little bit?
Jon Olson: The prototyping comment was specifically around Wireless; generally prototyping was not off. It was just in that one particular sub-segment going on. No, I think there are still lots of prototyping in the hopper particularly in advanced communications designs ahead of us. I don’t think that’s backing off.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse : Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Bouchard - Piper Jaffray.
Ryan Bouchard - Piper Jaffray : This is Ryan calling in for Gary Mobley. Most of the questions have been answered, but I had a question about lead times. You just mentioned special agreements with your foundries but absent those special agreements would you characterize what would otherwise be normal lead times? What’s happening currently versus maybe how the environment was maybe three months ago?
Jon Olson: Our lead times to our customers, which is what I know the most about, haven’t changed. Still most of them are four weeks or less. And at this point I don’t see any signs that that’s going to change relative to our supply chain. Again, there’s been nothing abnormal going on in the supply chain with respect to lead times.
Ryan Bouchard - Piper Jaffray : Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird : Looking at Virtex-4, it looks as if there’s momentum again after a couple of quarters where revenue was stable and Virtex-4 seems to now exceed Virtex-II Pro in terms of peak run rate. How much long longer does the trend continue and when should we expect the peak in revenues for Virtex-4, as Virtex-5 is now ramping and meaningful as a percentage of revenues?
Jon Olson: Describing exactly what quarter the peak is going to be in is a difficult thing to do, but we certainly are in the time period where we would be getting closer to the peak, sometime in the next several quarters, and clearly as V-5 designs start to kick in there won’t be as many V-4 designs and that’s how all that works and then you get the peak in the profile.  We did have a very good quarter in V-4. I don’t know that this was the peak quarter or not, we’ll have to see, but years from introduction we’re in that ballpark for the peak.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird : Okay. You mentioned on the call that it looked as if disti resales were slowing down a bit in North America. Are you seeing similar trends outside of North America so far?
Jon Olson: I’m not seeing any consistent pattern. In any given quarter we might have had one of them up or one of them down. But then looking forward our forecast will be strong. I think the only pattern I can see anywhere has been just generally in North America, we’ve had several quarters of, I’ll say, small declines or drifting down in our smaller customers.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities :  Jon, I think you mentioned Spartan as a group was up 3% for the quarter. Can you break out Spartan-3 and just give us an idea of how that did this quarter?
Jon Olson: The entire Spartan-3 family was up not quite double digits.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities : Okay. Then in terms of Telco, can you give us the split between the three major segments there; Wireless, Wireline and Networking?
Jon Olson: I know we used to publish information in those splits and we haven’t actually done much of that anymore. I would say that Wireless is somewhere in the 20-, 25-ish percent and Networking is probably about 40%; maybe 30% in Telecom, in round numbers.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities : Okay. Then the last one Jon, I think you mentioned that we might be able to look forward to a 40-nanometer announcement towards the ends of this fiscal year, is that correct?
Jon Olson: Yes.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities : Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: It appears that there are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Maria Quillard: Thank you all for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific, 8:00 PM Eastern. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website.  Our next earnings release date for the second quarter of fiscal year 2009 will be Wednesday, October 15, after the market close. This quarter we will be presenting at the Deutsche Bank Securities Technology Conference in early September. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ruth Cotter - Director, Investor Relations Robert J. Rivet - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Hector De J. Ruiz - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Dirk R. Meyer - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director 
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities John Lau – Jefferies & Co.  Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Uche Orji - UBS Warburg Doug Freedman - American Technology Research Chris Danely – JP Morgan Glen Yeung - Citigroup David Wu - Global Crown Capital David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets  
Operator:  Welcome everybody to AMD’s second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Ruth Cotter, Director of Investor Relations for AMD. 
Ruth Cotter: Thank you every body and welcome to AMD's second quarter earnings conference call. Our participants today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman of the Board and CEO; Dirk Meyer, our President and COO; Bob Rivet, our CFO. This is a live call and will be replayed via web cast on www.AMD.com. There will also be a telephone replay. The number is 888-266-2081. Outside of the U.S. the number is 703-925-2533. The access code for both phone numbers is 1240774. The telephone replay will be available for the next 10 days starting later this evening.  I would like to call your attention to our Q3 2008 earnings quiet time, which will begin at the close of business on Friday, September 12. In addition I’d like to take this opportunity to remind you that we will be hosting our annual Financial Analyst Day on November 13 at our [Seattle] offices.  Before we begin today’s call, I would like to caution everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements about management’s expectations. Investors are cautioned that those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, speak only as of current date and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  The semiconductor industry is generally volatile and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Therefore, we encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business and risk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  You will find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filing, AMD's quarterly earnings report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended March 29, 2008.  Now with that, I would like to hand the call over to Bob. 
Robert J. Rivet:  In the second quarter revenues declined 7% from the prior quarter affecting both of our businesses and reflecting the challenges of the current consumer macroeconomic climate. Looking ahead the good news is we are gaining traction with our new products as evidenced by a steep increase in unit growth in our triple core and Quad-Core offerings and strong market response to our new graphics products.  More specifically on the product side we expanded our Quad-Core offerings with eighteen new products this quarter including four energy efficient and four high performance processors. In servers, all four leading OEM’s are shipping systems based on our quad four AMD Opteron processors and we are regaining server momentum and winning back business with key customers on the strength of our superior performance in floating point and memory intensive workloads as well as in the context of virtualization solutions.  It is noteworthy that three of the top five and seven of the top 20 super computers in the world are built on AMD Opteron solutions. Finally, our graphics leadership position continues to build with the successful introduction of our next generation ATI Radeon and HD4800 family of graphic processors which have earned outstanding reviews and include the world’s first graphic chip to break the teraFLOPS performance barrier.  In addition we continue to focus on delivering increasing differentiated platforms optimized for every use and scenario at work, at home and at play at leadership price performance points. We launched the AMD business class commercial desktop and notebook solution powering PC’s from Acer, Dell, HP, Fujitsu Siemens and [inaudible].  Our AMD Live and AMD Game platforms continue to gain customer momentum in the client space. We also launched our next generation Puma notebook this quarter and have seen over 100 design wins to date on the basis of its superior 3D graphics and HD image quality. Before I proceed with the financials I’d like to remind everyone that last quarter we signaled the review of our non-core businesses. This resulted in a decision to divest the handheld and DTV divisions and classify them as discontinued operations for financial reporting. Prior periods have been recast for comparability. For the purpose of my remarks this afternoon I will refer to continuing operations unless stated otherwise.  A reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP financial results is available in our press release. So let’s begin.  Revenue for the quarter was $1.35 billion, down 7% sequentially and up 3% year-over-year. We reported a net loss of $1.96 per share in the second quarter. Losses from continuing operations were $269 million or $0.44 per share which included a net favorable impact of $97 million or $0.16 per share. This favorable impact consists of a gain of $193 million from the sale of 200 mm Tools partially offset by $96 million in charges. Our loss from discontinued operations was $920 million or $1.52 per share. This was largely made up of non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges of $876 million.  Reported second quarter operating loss is $143 million but on a non-GAAP basis was $276 million compared with $185 million last quarter. For comparability I have excluded the Tool sales, arc and restructuring charges as are outlined on the table in our press release.  Gross margin in the quarter was 52% including a 14 percentage point positive impact associated with the sale of 200 mm Equipment. Therefore gross margin was 37% compared with 41% in the prior quarter. This decline was due to lower unit volumes and ASP’s and changes in product mix as we sold older generation products to make way for our new offerings.  Now switching to the business segments. Computing solutions revenue was $1.1 billion in the second quarter, down 8% from the prior quarter and flat compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to weaker sales. The server business saw 5% unit growth over the prior quarter and a 19% increase over the same period a year ago, a positive sign in light of the recently launched OEM products. Quad-Core and Triple Core processor shipments were up significantly while microprocessor ASPs were down. The result of sales of older generation products.  Operating loss for the computing solutions group was $9 million; however this includes a $192 million gain from 200 mm Tool sales. In the graphics segment which now includes game console royalties revenue for the quarter was $248 million, down 5% sequentially and up 18% year-over-year. Operating loss for the graphics segment was $38 million in a very competitive pricing environment particularly on our older generation products. However, our new highly acclaimed HD4800 series has been well received in the market since its launch in late June.  Now turning to the balance sheet. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $1.57 billion, down $186 million from the prior quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $119 million. Capital expenditures were $104 million for the quarter down from $322 million in the prior quarter. We still have an excess of $200 million in future, non-operational cash generating opportunities based primarily on administrative assets. This does not include any proceeds from the sale of our discontinued operations or the execution of our asset smart strategy.  Now let me turn to the outlook. The following statements are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Last quarter we set a goal to reduce our break even point at the operating level to approximately $1.5 billion. We have made progress in that direction this quarter with a break even approaching $1.6 billion. We expect to make ongoing progress on this front as we continue to focus on achieving this goal early next year.  In a seasonally up third quarter, AMD expects revenue from continuing operations to increase in line with seasonality. Operating expenses are expected to be approximately 4% down from the second quarter. Amortization of acquired intangibles is expected to be approximately $30 million. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $300 million and we remain on track with our planned capital expenditures for the year of approximately $900 million.  In summary the second quarter was a tough one. However, we remained focused on transforming the business for future success as we continue to roll out new and exciting platforms positioning us for success in the second half of the year.  At this point I’d like to turn it over to Hector. 
Hector de J. Ruiz:  Three years ago under my leadership the AMD Board of Directors began putting in place a succession plan to transfer the reigns of this company to my good friend and colleague, Dirk Meyer. I am pleased and excited to announce on behalf of the AMD Board of Directors that we have elected Dirk as President and CEO of the company effective immediately. The time is right.  Barcelona is shipping. Product momentum is picking up in both our graphic and microprocessor business and our conversion to 45 nanometers technology is well on track. We have made enormous progress on our asset smart strategy. This is why the time is right to turn the company over to a new leader, one who as earned the trust and respect of AMD customers, partners and employees worldwide and one who I know will do what it takes to earn your confidence as well.  You know what most of us know of Dirk is that he is a very prolific engineer. He has over 40 patents and over a dozen chip designs to his name including the ground breaking DEC Alpha Processor. He also lead the design of our industry transforming AMD64 architecture and Dirk took the reigns of what was then the computation product business where under his leadership he was able to double revenue and expanded its customer base, partners and R&D footprint. I think we all know that changed the face of the microprocessor industry as we know it.  What a lot of you are going to get to know in the near future is that he is an incredibly talented business executive who makes decisions quickly, decisively and just as quickly turns those decisions into action. In short, he is the right leader at the right time for this company. I will remain as AMD’s Executive Chairman, focusing my full time energy on driving our asset smart strategy through its exciting conclusion. I will also continue to lead our initiative to break our industry free from the grips of an illegal monopoly.  Dirk, my friend I congratulate you on your promotion. AMD is in great hands. 
Dirk Meyer:  Thanks both to you and to the AMD Board for your support and your confidence in me. You know, AMD is a great company comprised of great people dedicated to serving our customers and transforming this industry. Hector, we have come a long way in the last six years since you took charge of this company. With you at the helm we took AMD into enterprise with the strength of the AMD64 platform. We built AMD’s global presence with bold expansion efforts in China, Latin America, India and the Middle East.  We re-established partnerships with many of the greatest OEM’s and software firms in this industry; HP, IBM, Sun, Dell, Microsoft and Oracle to name a few. You courageously launched a global initiative for fair and open competition. A battle we are winning for the benefit of the industry and consumers everywhere.  We have a company rich with great people, great products, a great spirit and a lot of great potential. Looking to the recent past we have not been living up to that potential. Looking forward we will. We will demonstrate a pattern of sustainable profitability. We will focus on our unmatched combination of X86 and leadership graphics technologies and we will execute, execute and execute.  We have been able to attract some outstanding new leaders to our team. Examples: Nigel Dessau, our new CMO; Ahmed Mahmoud, our new CIO; [Shakei Bakrout] who joins Jeff [inaudible] in leading our newly formed central engineering team and Emilio [Gilardi] who joins us next month to join sales and marketing in our EMEA region. Great people motivated to join a strong team in one of the most compelling professional opportunities in the high tech industry.  I want to thank Hector for the great progress we have made on our asset smart strategy and for accepting the Board’s request to stay on and drive it to completion. I know I speak for all AMD employees when I say I am really looking forward to the challenges and opportunities that lay ahead.  With that Ruth how about the Q&A. 
Ruth Cotter:  We are now happy to take questions so if you could please call out participants and announce each question accordingly we would appreciate it. So we are ready to go when you are. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our first question from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Dirk you talked a little bit about demonstrating a pattern of sustainable profitability. What kind of timeline would you be willing to share with us? You guys have talked in the past about some goals as being seen in the second half of 2008. I’m just wondering if you can elaborate on those. 
Dirk Meyer:  We still believe on the strength of the momentum we’re seeing in the marketplace based on the new products we introduced in Q2 that we can expect to remain profitable at the operating level in the second half.  Bob do you want to provide further commentary? 
Robert Rivet:  Yes to me we are not backing off on that. We still believe that. We have made progress on the break even point as I talked about. Our goal is to get to the $1.5 billion in the beginning of next year. We are making progress to that. We’d like to split the stake in the ground that we don’t want to look back so start making money in the third quarter and move forward from there. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Relative to those targets does that imply more work around the asset smart strategy or do you think the strength in the top line demand in the back half of the year kind of gets you there? 
Robert Rivet:  It is really a combination of both. Clearly we believe that new products will give us traction to increase the top line. Our strategy of continuing to execute on 45 nanometer improves our cost structure but also it does incorporate asset smart execution by Hector to bring it to conclusion. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: The last question, if you kind of project out for the balance of the year your capEx to rev ratio this year is going to fall at about 15% which is almost half of what it has been running for the last three years. I’m just curious as to what kind of confidence level or milestones you can throw out around 45 nanometers to make us feel more comfortable that you are spending at an appropriate level to stay competitive? 
Dirk Meyer:  First let’s talk a little about 45 nanometers in general. We are well on track with the 45 nanometer plan as we have been telling this group about in the past. We have actually started production late last quarter and are on track to start buying shipments early in Q4. Typically it takes us 3-4 quarters to flip the factories once we start so that would say it would be largely converted roughly in the middle of next year. Much of the capital expense we are bearing now is in support of that plan. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Dirk with your new role can you talk about any sort of differences in the strategic direction that might ensue? 
Dirk Meyer:  Two comments. One is Hector and I have been sort of partnership leading the company to this point looking forward to certainly some changes. As I said in my opening remarks we are a company with great potential and really distinctive capability relative to having both X86 and leadership graphics capability in hand. I think looking forward you are going to see us focus a little bit more narrowly on some of the big volume sweet spots in the marketplace particularly in the PC space and the volume server space. We are certainly going to increase our focus on execution, dependable delivery of products to our customers and focus on efficiency.  Some of my personal focus by the way given my background is to work with the team and ensure we have the right product and solution roadmap entering the front end of our R&D funnel and to focus on ensuring dependable R&D execution. Likewise I have been focused up to this point and will continue to focus on building a great team of people around to help lead the company particularly in the sales and marketing area. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Maybe a follow-up on the $200 million remaining asset sales and then whatever potentially will happen with the handheld side. Bob can you just give us a rough idea of timing on those? Do you think just generally the second half of this year some of those actions will be taking place just so we can factor it into some of our cash burn assumptions? 
Robert Rivet:  Sure. The majority of the 200 million left is associated with administrative buildings. To be honest the market is a little bit choppy to go execute a transaction in that space but I anticipate that is a back half of the year/beginning of next year type execution of that $200 million bucket that is still left which is the majority of the bucket. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: What about the discontinued ops? What should we think about there? I obviously know you can’t give any real specifics. 
Robert Rivet:  No. We are quite well down the path and we believe you will see something before the end of the year. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: The last question from me for you Bob is put some takes on gross margin in the third quarter. It sounds like your mix would improve but given the pricing environment we are hearing about in graphics and any other kind of variables would be helpful. 
Robert Rivet:  No, if you kind of think of it clearly the second quarter was characterized of a little bit of traction in the server space as I outlined some unit growth but the OEM line up took place more into the quarter so it takes awhile for that to turn into volume. We expect some of that volume opportunity to present itself in the third quarter so the mix will enrich towards the server space. Also we will have more of the new architecture affect the third quarter which clearly gives us the ability to have some higher ASPs. More unit volume and higher ASPs from that perspective and it is kind of the same story with just different words in the graphics space. We launched the first new series of products really with only about two weeks to go in the second quarter so we will have a full quarter with traction and as you know seasonally this is a strong quarter for graphics from that perspective. So it is really top line and change of mix which is what drives us in the appropriate improvement direction. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Hector I was wondering if you could provide us with some of the parameters around which you are considering that the asset light strategy you talked about some of the progress there. Maybe you could share with us some of your thoughts around how we should think about the progress and how you perceive that developing. Is it something you think you would be likely to conclude in the calendar third quarter? Separately, Bob perhaps you could give us some color on how you perceive your balance sheet in terms of any needs for incremental capital going forward. 
Hector de J. Ruiz:  I can tell you we are very pleased with the progress. We have made enormous progress. We are looking forward to being able to share that with you. Certainly have incredibly high level of expectation we will be able to do that before the end of the year. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: In terms of progress could you give any color on how you measure that or what you consider to be the elements of that progress? 
Hector de J. Ruiz:  I really can’t. 
Robert Rivet:  The balance sheet question as I have said repeatedly in prior quarters I get nervous I’ll call it on the cash for the business when I start approaching the $800 million level. I am 2x that is the level set from that perspective. So therefore I am not nervous. I believe in the business and the business plan for the second half of the year. I don’t see a need to go do anything to raise capital from that perspective based upon the business plan we have in front of us and execution of asset smart and execution on the discontinued operations. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Maybe you could just say as a reminder you believe in normal seasonality to be roughly what sort of range up for the calendar third quarter and did I get that right you were eluding to break-even in the third quarter? 
Robert Rivet:  First on the seasonality question our data would suggest we have seen a range of 2-14%, so it is a fairly big range. The average continues to settle around 8-10% as seasonality pick up in the third quarter from the second for the microprocessor business. It is actually a little bit healthier than that in the CPU business but it is in the same zip code because clearly it is going to the same space from that standpoint so that is the seasonality question.  Our comment is it is too close, I am not going to forecast as I normally do. I don’t forecast profitability for the next quarter out but we clearly will be profitable in the second half of the year. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: You are inferring from that having seen the gross margin move to the 37% level you are comfortable that obviously to get back to these targets it is going to be in the low 40’s shortly then as you move throughout your new products. 
Robert Rivet:  Clearly your math is right. We’ve got to get back to 40+ which is where we were last quarter. Clearly in the microprocessor business it is still a very success oriented business and how you run the factories and how many units you sell have a big impact on that gross margin. The current quarter’s low level just drove gross margins to not be very good. We expect them to pick up through the seasonality process and most important through all the new products. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: I just have a question really on the top line and the combination to gross margin and how that played out this quarter. You were saying you ended up with more legacy products selling and I guess I’m just wondering if the mismatch of what you were trying to sell matched with the demand from the market and how do you see that changing in the third quarter? Have you gotten rid of those old products? Are you seeing demand for the new ones? What should we expect gross margin really to look like? 
Robert Rivet:  Clearly with the introduction I’ll call it of the new Quad-Core architecture which really took place at the beginning of this year and servers at the end of the first quarter that is what we’re talking about as I call it the new microprocessor architecture. Clearly the prior architecture was focused on single and dual core so we moved out a lot of single core type products in the second quarter which definitely demanded a lower ASP from what the marketplace had. We are also seeing the continued shift to people wanting to buy value based computers that are at the right price points. So the price points typically are moving down in the lower direction.  Putting that aside, third quarter with servers contributing more to the top line, so I’ll call it a mix shifting toward the server business because we’ll now have a full quarter of traction with all the major OEM’s and a better merchandising of our new architecture in the desktop line up and the Puma platform starting to get some traction based upon the 100 design wins we have. We believe that will drive the top line which will also drive gross margin. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: So on the graphics side you have seen some [moving] recently with the new product that has come out. Do you see and you said Q2 was dominated by older graphics processors at lower prices. How much money do you expect to contribute to gross margin and then looking forward beyond that it seems like good execution on graphics and graphics sort of becoming perhaps more important to the company. How big can the graphics be for AMD over the next few quarters? 
Robert Rivet:  Clearly you are back to the thesis of why we purchased ATI which was the graphics and chip set part of the business and then IP. Clearly we are starting to see some progress from the team’s phenomenal efforts to bring a bunch of new products out. The new 4800 series we believe will be the best product in the marketplace and you will see that continuation happen throughout the second half of the year. It will definitely contribute to gross margin. It is very similar to the microprocessor business. You’ve got to be in the right price points. You’ve got to be fully merchandising the whole stack. It is not just about having volume and the value into the equation. You have got to have it all. We believe with the new series of product we will.  Our first, as we talked about, we feel very comfortable with what is going on in OEM notebooks and desktop. The channel we continue to make progress and you’re starting to hear a lot of chatter to the goodness so gross margin expansion driven by top line expansion on the backs of all new products. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: In the end it sounds like sort of a mix shift across the board is something that would push your gross margins to a level by the end of the year to reach that break even point. Is that correct? 
Robert Rivet:  Correct. Actually make money for the back half of the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: A couple of questions. Previously you have talked Bob about a $2 billion break even level and now you are sort of talking about $1.5 or $1.6 billion level. Can you talk about that and also you said profitability in the second half? Is that profitability at the operating profit level or what do you mean by profitability here in the second half of the year? 
Robert Rivet:  Sure. I’ll kind of do it in my order but answer all your questions. First, since we are so far away from profitability the first order of magnitude is operating profit at the operating income level. Not at the net income level. First get to that level and then we’ll work to get to net. That’s what I talk about when I say $1.5 billion at the operating income level.  Yes indeed we actually used to say $2 billion was more kind of our break even point. Then we realized in the current environment and in reviewing our own portfolio of products that didn’t make any sense. We revised it down to $1.5 billion. We are still not at that goal. We expect to be at that goal at the turn of next year. So kind of in the first quarter. We are making progress. Right now if you do the math we are a little bit north of $1.6 billion. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: Also can you give us an update on Puma? I know you have 100 design wins. We have seen some delays on the competitor’s platform. How is Puma looking and will that have a material impact on Q3 revenues in terms of the back-to-school time for notebooks? 
Dirk Meyer:  Certainly Puma is going to be a big contributor to revenues and margins in Q3. As you know the notebook platform refreshes happen in the so called back-to-school cycle as it is called in U.S. retail. That is a cycle where machines start to show up on shelf in July. We have had some of our OEM’s already announce those machines and others will do so shortly. We have shipped some Puma platforms into OEM’s in anticipation of that retail cycle but really the volume starts taking off in Q3. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities:  My final question Dirk is can you give us an update on fusion and the fusion architecture for 2009? 
Dirk Meyer:  Absolutely. Just to re-introduce the term, fusion represents the idea of bringing together in distinctive ways our X86 CPU and graphics and video technology. One of the ways we do that obviously is to bring together the platform level which is what Puma represents. Looking forward we will integrate those technologies into a single piece of silicon. That development is underway and will be sent to customers next year. So we are very excited about it and our customers are really excited about it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Lau – Jefferies & Co. 
John Lau – Jefferies & Co. : You mentioned seasonality. I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more color as to what you are seeing in the marketplace. There has been a lot of concerns out there. Do you see anything that would change your thoughts about the normal seasonality pattern for Q3? 
Dirk Meyer:  Obviously everyone we talk to is watching the macroeconomic environment kind of wondering what is going to happen in the PC market but interestingly the signals we get from our customers still indicate the market on a global basis is healthy. Obviously some of the more developed areas, the U.S. and Western Europe are weaker but the emerging markets are still going strong. So in aggregate based on what we hear we expect normal seasonal patterns walking into Q3. 
John Lau – Jefferies & Co. : As a follow-up you mentioned EBITDA. Can you give us the cash flow from operations for the last quarter? 
Robert Rivet:  Sure. It was negative $240 million. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: I have two questions on gross margin. First of all in the quarter despite the fact that you saw a better mix in almost 400 basis points I am just wondering did you see any unusual price pressures on the client side or was it anything else there? 
Robert Rivet:  Actually we’re probably the most unusual price pressure was in graphics. Clearly our competitor took some pretty aggressive actions to try to maintain their position as we came out with our new products and slow things down. I also think it had a lot of inventory in a very seasonally weak quarter so there was more pricing pressure in the graphics space. Processors always has pricing pressure but I wouldn’t say it was anything beyond normal. Like I said before there is a tendency shift that we see going on. This pushes more geared toward the value space that is kind of where the world wants to go and you have to remember particularly for AMD we are much more exposed to the consumer than the commercial space. We are trying to change that mix but that is the reality of the world we live in today is the consumer space. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: But you seem comfortable that gross margins can get back into 40% level in the next couple of quarters? 
Robert Rivet:  Yes. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Bob one more time for the break even of $1 billion what are the different elements? I’m just looking for your opEx you expect by Q4 of this year. 
Robert Rivet:  As I signaled, Q3 will go down so I’ll get a full quarter impact of the restructuring process in the quarter. To be honest we are going to try to stay at those levels for quite a long period of time to get back to what Dirk talked about as sustainable profitability. So we have done a pretty thorough investigation of how do we spend the money. Where do we spend our money? We’ll stay at those levels plus or minus a little bit for awhile. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: My final question is on the gross margin again once you are done with the asset smart strategy and once you execute that what kind of impact and how should we think about your gross margins longer term? Also do you have a longer term target in mind once you close the asset execution? 
Robert Rivet:  I’ll say a 50,000 feet with specific details to me doesn’t make sense to give to me until we actually have a deal with all of the pluses and minuses of a deal. But in reality today if you think about it from a cross of business I spend two things in the R&D category or three things I’ll call it in the R&D category which is process development, bringing up factories and chip design. Clearly there are two of those that will go away in an asset smart strategy. So one, there is cost reduction in that area. Clearly there is going to be cost increases in the gross margin as you pay for the cost of that technology on a per wafer basis and the cost of capital on a per wafer basis. So it is kind of trying to figure out the math of working those two angles that we will talk about once we have a deal.  So gross margin down, R&D down. That’s about all I want to get into at this point.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Uche Orji - UBS Warburg. 
Uche Orji - UBS Warburg: Just a couple of quick questions. In terms of your design win in graphics for the new platforms you announced a number awhile ago about the level of design wins you have had. Is there an update to that? 
Dirk Meyer:  Those were design wins all that were locked down last year actually so now is when they start to pay off. 
Uche Orji - UBS Warburg: What estimate of what share you are getting in those platforms? 
Dirk Meyer:  As we said at the analyst conference we were very happy with our design win momentum with 60+% design win share. 
Uche Orji - UBS Warburg: A different question we talk about pricing going up at the foundries just for your process business. Is there any way you are able to protect yourselves from a cost push pressure coming from private business [inaudible]? I think the first question is are you seeing it yet and also what extent are you going to try and manage the expense? All the comments you made about ASP pressure as well as graphics competition? 
Robert Rivet:  Sure. On the one reality that is always a supply/demand debate the foundries have to work their way through. Clearly for people like us who are a big user of the foundries and are big strategic customer of the foundries we work our way through those cost increases. Most of those cost increases are I’ll call it for the smaller players, not for us. Not that they don’t ask for price increases. So we are working our way through that. We don’t see that instantaneously. We work our way through that because we have a long-term strategic relationship with these guys. That was a long answer to your question. We are not seeing significant cost increases coming from our foundries. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman - American Technology Research. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Can you talk a little bit about newcomer acquisitions? A company while Hector you were sitting in the CEO role added quite a number of major OEM’s to the AMD stable. Can you talk about if there is opportunities to continue to add to that and if so is it something we can expect to see in the next 12 months? 
Dirk Meyer:  Good question. With Hector at the helm we did a great job of acquiring new customers and in fact if you look at the big players in the PC market there is only a couple left with whom we don’t do business on a CPU basis although we do business in other product lines. So looking forward clearly there are a couple of opportunities left relative to customer acquisition on the CPU side but really the big opportunity we have is to enjoy a broader base of business with the customers we have already acquired. That is what we are focusing on.  The big example there is really the commercial client business. Bob referred to it a little bit. We have got a number of design wins actually announced in Q2. I think the number was 15 overall in our business class platform. So that is an area of incremental opportunity for us. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Can you talk a little bit about the next generation 45 nanometer server chip Shanghai and are we close enough yet to start to get some performance benchmarks whether to industry standard or to your own present line up? 
Dirk Meyer:  We’re close enough to know exactly what we’ve got in hand and we are really excited about it and look forward to telling you about it when we launch the product. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Any projections on when it will launch? 
Dirk Meyer:  As I said we are in production now and we will ship for revenue early in Q4. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Chris Danely – JP Morgan. 
Chris Danely – JP Morgan:  Can you give us a sense on what units versus ASPs did in Q2? 
Robert Rivet:  Directionally units were down a little bit, ASPs were down more. So kind of the mix. It was both of them contributing to the drop in revenues quarter on quarter but more ASP than units. 
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: A little bit of an itchy question but in terms of the Barcelona speeds are you guys shipping 2.4 ghz now and when will you begin shipping 2.5 and 2.6?
Dirk Meyer:  The answer to the first question is no, not yet in volume. On the second question I’d like to hold off until we talk about future products and actually launch them rather than pre-launch announce. 
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: Dirk can you give us a sense for when you will begin shipping in volume? 
Dirk Meyer:  On Shanghai? 
Chris Danely – JP Morgan:  The 2.4 Barcelona. 
Dirk Meyer:  I don’t want to pre-announce product introductions on the call. 
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: I might strike out on this next question because it is in that same vein. Your competitor has talked about success with its stripped down, notebook processor. Are there any plans for AMD to launch a similar product and why or why not? 
Dirk Meyer:  Are you referring to Atom? 
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: Yes. 
Dirk Meyer:  The first thing to point out is we are a much smaller company, not nearly to scale that our competitor has so clearly we don’t intend to do absolutely everything they do in the marketplace. Atom as I understand it is intended for a range of products below what I’ll call traditional notebooks and form factor size ranging from handhelds to global internet devices. It is a smaller factor and more inexpensive notebooks. Clearly when you talk about smaller form factor notebooks and inexpensive notebooks that is a market segment we are interested in. It is actually a segment that we are starting to offer products to our customers in support of now. We actually haven’t talked in public about that but I expect we will be talking about it and doing the math when we get together in November at our Analyst conference. 
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: Hector you have been talking about the fab light asset, light asset smart for awhile now and last quarter you promised us some details in the near term. So, I know you are not going to talk about details but what is taking so long on this thing? 
Hector de J. Ruiz:  First of all the near term is coming. It is getting closer. All I can tell you right now is that if it were something as simple as going to a foundry it would be very easy to do and talk about it but it is actually something we believe is uniquely tailored to AMD and uniquely tailored to our customers and our company and therefore much more complex to do than just a general outsourcing scenario. For that reason it is taking longer than we thought. 
Chris Danely – JP Morgan: Do you guys expect a major improvement to margins with this or something a little bit more minor? 
Dirk Meyer:  It will be a major reformation of the company from that standpoint. I don’t want to get into those kinds of specifics but it is definitely going to improve the balance sheet. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung – Citigroup. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Dirk earlier you said that one of the changes we might expect from you was that AMD would focus more on what you could do in the volumes market. I wonder if you could just define for us what you think those markets are. 
Dirk Meyer:  Yes. What I mean by that is traditional markets that AMD and ATI frankly are focused on for a long time. So the PC market, the traditional desktop PC market. What we know today is the notebook PC market and that market as it evolves particularly on the low end of that market and finally the volume server market especially one and two socket servers. Not to say four sockets is not interesting. We actually have a great position there and intend to defend that. In addition markets that are adjacent technologically. So for example, there would be the enterprise embedded market, networking and storage being an example. We have got participation in the living room game console space. We intend to continue that participation. Does that give you a feel for it? 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: It does. One of Intel’s energy is to try to proliferate X86 beyond just the traditional PC and sort of by definition that opens up an opportunity for AMD. As you see that evolve and I think it is kind of hard to see where it might evolve at this point, but as it does start to evolve do you think that is something AMD is in a position to take advantage of? 
Dirk Meyer:  Yes. First of all it is kind of interesting we started talking about X86 everywhere 3-4 years ago maybe prematurely. Since that time we have seen Intel cast off their arm based business and follow us with this idea. Now being a big company they have got more money to create markets for X86 technology. As I said in answer to an earlier question, given our scale we can’t afford to lead into every market but to the extent Intel creates opportunity for X86 technology by growing new markets that is good for us over time. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Can I clarify one thing you said before about pricing and mix in the second quarter? So you suggested Bob ASPs were down more than units. Just to be clear was that a functionality of pricing environment or is that a functionality of mix? 
Robert Rivet:  It is really a combination of a little bit of both. I’d say it is not solely on one side of the table or the other. It is a little bit of both. Pricing environment and just mix more in the lower end of the stack. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  The other question I had was on SLY. If you guys think forward into your roadmap particularly as the asset smart strategy starts to evolve does SLY have to be part of that strategy? 
Dirk Meyer:  Going into every technology transition 90 to 65 and 65 to 45 as examples we reevaluate the technology choices we make including SLY. Going into 45 nanometer we are very confident that the SLY choice made is the right one and we will make that same judgment as we go into 32 and beyond and that is not really influenced heavily by the asset direction. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Actually one last question on kind of stretching a little bit here but you mentioned at some point about ATI that you bought ATI for the graphics and the chip set business. When I kind of think about things like the consumer business is that to suggest that is something you don’t really want? 
Dirk Meyer:  First comment is we are declaring those businesses discontinued operations and offering them for sale so I think that is probably the answer. That is not to say that they are not good businesses with great technology and good people but to be honest they are not funding themselves today and we think they will be more successful in the hands of a company that is more focused on those markets. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Wu - Global Crown Capital.   
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I actually have two questions. One on discontinued operations and one on discrete graphics business and finally on the clarifying. To get to the break even operating level I guess the precondition for that is asset light a precondition of that or are the designs of the products you have on the roadmap running on 45 nanometer is the key to hitting the break even point either in Q4 of this year or Q1 of next year.  On the ATI side of the house I was thinking about the discontinued operation. Do you intend to sell the whole thing to one buyer or separate pieces of the discontinued operation to essentially different buyers?  The last question is the 4800 family is a different track from ATI’s past experience in the last two generations and I was wondering if in fact the gross margin you can achieve with the 400 should be higher than the sort of mid 30’s when ATI was an independent company. Those were the goals that were set for discrete graphics business. Could you actually if you have architectural leadership this time around can you achieve a 4 in front of it? 
Robert Rivet:  I think Dirk and I can work our way through this. I’ll call it the simple one, the ATI question, we’re going to get out of both of those businesses which is hand held DTV. Don’t feel compelled to talk about how we are going to do that if it is one or two separate transactions. We will just figure out how to exit those appropriately so that there is a seamless transition for the customers and there is a place for this great team of people and technology to find an appropriate home. So we’ll just leave that one where it is.  On the break even question assets smart is not a precursor to the break even equation. We are trying to set the cost structure in place today that will achieve that break even and actually make money in the back half of this year so in the next few quarters. But to get to the $1.5 billion will get us to some of the asset smart type transactions. So we believe we are on a path to continue to make progress and work our way down but then make a significant transformation as we execute asset smart.  So hopefully that answers your question. Then I’ll take a shot at the 4800 piece. Clearly you can see based on our competitor since there are only two of us in the graphics space he who has the good goods gets the better margin. Invidia has enjoyed nice margins in their graphic business. We believe we can enjoy those same kinds of margins and anticipate that will happen as this new family of products kind of takes over in the marketplace. So gross margins north of 30 to the 35-40 is definitely where we have said we desire the business to be operating at and the way to get there is to have the right products that are better than our competitor in the marketplace. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: They have over 40. 
Robert Rivet:  Well you have to get to the mid 30’s before you get to 40. 
Dirk Meyer:  The other thing I will point out is dollar margin and percentage opportunity is workstation graphics market. We have talked about that in the past as being an opportunity for AMD. 
Operator:  The final question comes from the line of David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets. 
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Your discontinued operations do you have high confidence you will actually sell them and get cash for that or are you also considering the possibility of having a cash outlay because your need to shut that down? 
Robert Rivet:  We have no plan for a cash outlay. Clearly we have a plan and believe highly we are highly confident there will be cash input. 
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Further on the expense front can you give us an idea of what your legal expenses are associated with the suing antitrust action? 
Robert Rivet:  We don’t give that level of granularity but they are not insignificant. 
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Last thing. If I understand what he said just now about breaking even without needing asset smart so we can’t assume we will learn about asset smart but that it will be implemented in the next six months? You expect to break even regardless? 
Robert Rivet:  You are misinterpreting two things. We will make money in the back half of the year so make sure you are clear on that. That is not a statement about asset smart and we are not trying to give any indication that asset smart is a 2009 event. It is soon as we can get it down which is what Hector is focused on. 
Ruth Cotter:  That concludes the call and we’d like to thank everyone for participating. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ruth Cotter - Director, Investor Relations Robert J. Rivet - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Hector De J. Ruiz - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Derrick R. Meyer - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director
Analysts: Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan Securities Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus David Wu - Global Crown Capital Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Glen Yeung - Citigroup Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Uche Orji - UBS Warburg Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Doug Freedman - American Technology Research David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Matt and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everybody to AMD’s first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Ruth Cotter, Director of Investor Relations for AMD. Please go ahead. 
Ruth Cotter: Thank you and welcome to AMD's first quarter earnings conference call. Our participants today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman of the Board and CEO; Derrick Meyer, our President and COO; Bob Rivet, our CFO. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on amd.com. There will also be a telephone replay. The U.S. number is 888-266-2081. The international replay number is 703-925-2533. The access code for both is 1221534. The telephone replay will be available for the next 10 days starting later this evening.  I would like to call your attention to our Q2 2008 earnings quiet time, which will begin at the close of business on Friday, June 13th.  Before we begin today’s call, I would like to caution everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements about management’s expectations. Investors are cautioned that those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, speak only as of the current day, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  The semiconductor industry is generally volatile and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Therefore, we encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business and risk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  You will find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filing, AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2007.  Now with that, I would like to hand the call over to Bob Rivet, our CFO. 
Robert J. Rivet: Thank you, Ruth. Good afternoon, everyone. The first quarter of 2008 was a difficult start to the year for AMD. In a seasonally weak quarter amplified by a challenging global economic environment for consumers and softening demand for our previous generation products, we experienced lower than expected revenues across each of our business segments.  And while we are obviously unhappy with these results for the quarter, looking ahead we are pleased with the customer response to our new offerings across all of our major product segments.  In our graphics business, independent benchmarks continue to show the strong performance and value of our AMD Radeon HD3000 series of graphics products. In our microprocessor business, our innovative triple-core technology is gaining traction for its unique performance and value proposition.  With our upcoming Puma and Perseus platforms in the second quarter, we continue to execute our desktop and notebook strategy with solid customer support. And we are particularly pleased with our customer response to the B3 version of our quad-core AMD Opteron processors in the last few weeks of the first quarter, with 23 SKUs available from multiple OEMs, including HP and Dell, with another tier one OEM coming on board in the second quarter.  All told, it was a quarter characterized by poor top line performance but a strong new product refresh in all of our major businesses that should pay solid dividends as the year progresses.  Total AMD revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, down 15% sequentially and up 22% year over year. We recorded a net loss of $0.59 per share in the quarter, including a charge of $0.08 per share related to the ATI acquisition.  Gross margin in the quarter was 42%, a two point decline from the prior quarter due largely to lower microprocessor unit shipments and an inventory drain on older generation products.  Our world-class manufacturing facility in Dresden continues to set benchmarks for operating performance, including yields and cycle types. We continue to execute our 45-nanometer strategy according to plan and we will start production at mature yields this summer.  Total operating expenses, R&D, and SG&A were up 6% over the prior quarter, in line with guidance.  Cash flow from operations was a positive $16 million for the quarter, and adjusted EBITDA was a positive $54 million. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results are available in our press release.  Capital expenditures came in at $323 million for the quarter.  Now switching to the business segments, computing solutions revenue was $1.194 billion in the first quarter, down 15% from the prior quarter. The quarter-over-quarter decline was due primarily to lower microprocessor unit shipments across server, desktop, and notebook product lines in a highly competitive market.  Quad-core processor shipments were up while microprocessor ASPs were flat. Operating loss for the computing solutions group was $160 million.  Graphic segment revenue was $230 million, down 11% sequentially and up 17% year over year. Due to the strength of our new product mix, gross margins improved keeping operating losses flat at $11 million despite the drop in sales.  Consumer electronic segments revenue was $81 million, down 26% from the prior quarter, the result of seasonally down sales of products for handheld devices and DTV solutions. The consumer electronic segment reported an operating loss of $8 million in the quarter.  Now let me turn to the balance sheet -- our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $1.753 billion, down $136 million from the prior quarter. We sold some 200-millimeter tools in the quarter, generating proceeds of approximately $50 million. The remaining tool sale opportunities and potential administrative land and building sales continued to represent more than $400 million of cash generating opportunities in the future.  With days of inventory at 81 days, total inventory declined in the quarter to $785 million. In accounts receivable, DSOs remained flat at 33 days.  Now let’s turn to the outlook -- the following statements are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially from current expectations. In a seasonally down second quarter, AMD expects revenue to decrease in line with seasonality. Operating expenses are expected to be flat to slightly down from the first quarter, as we see early effects of our cost reduction programs.  Acquisition related charges are expected to be approximately $50 million. We expect to have a tax expense of approximately $5 million in the quarter. Depreciation and amortization expected to be approximately $300 million.  We reduced our planned capital expenditures for the year to approximately $900 million, with our investment and focus primarily on 45-nanometer.  As previously announced, we will take a restructuring charge in the second quarter. Details of the amount will be disclosed as they become available.  In summary, we had another challenging quarter and in the context of an uncertain economic environment, we are taking big steps as quickly as possible so we can reduce our costs and restructure our business for future success.  At this point, I’ll turn it over to Hector for some brief closing comments. 
Hector De J. Ruiz: Thank you, Bob. There are two things that Bob alluded to in his remarks that I want to underline that occurred in Q1 that are very important for us as a company. One of them is the continuation of great performance by our manufacturing operations in Dresden, Penang, Singapore, and Suzhou. And the other one is the general availability of our quad-core AMD Opteron processors, as evidenced by the announcement of systems by our tier one customers, HP and Dell, and later on this quarter another tier one customer.  However, it is clear that our business environment has changed from just the second half of last year where we saw some of our non-core businesses on a path to growth and profitability, that is now question. As a result, we are embarking on a significant restructuring of our company to address the following.  We need to intensely scrutinize all of our businesses in order to ensure that our core X86 and graphics products are on a healthy path to leadership and profitability.  We also need to intensely scrutinize our non-core businesses and revisit their strategic fit into our plans and their path to growth and profitability. Absent these, we will exit those businesses.  We will complete the 10% workforce reduction just announced as one of the elements of a program to reduce our break-even point by a couple hundred million dollars from where we are today.  All of these efforts are key to repositioning the company not just with a reduced break-even point but more importantly as one strategically positioned to sustainably grow and lead in those core areas that I mentioned before.  We have made significant progress in our asset smart strategy and I am personally driving this effort intensely and I am very hopeful that we will be able to communicate details of this rather complex effort in the near future. At that time, we believe we will also have an opportunity to further restructure the company for increased focus and added flexibility while placing us in a better position to deliver sustainable, profitable growth.  We have not deviated from our goal of achieving profitability in the third quarter of this year and our commitment to you is that we will take the appropriate actions necessary to achieve that.  Thank you for your patience and support and let me turn it over to Ruth for the question-and-answer. 
Ruth Cotter: Matt, we would now like to open the call for questions, please, if you could poll the audience. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Srini Pajjuri of Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Bob, after you are done with the restructuring, could you help us understand where your OpEx will be maybe let’s say by Q4 of this year?
Robert J. Rivet: Well, as Hector outlined, we are trying to reduce the break-even point to get us in a zone of more -- we break-even at $1.5 billion. We probably won’t totally be there at the fourth quarter level but that translation would mean fairly significant cost reductions in the order of $25 million to $50 million per quarter less by the fourth quarter versus the current run-rates of today.  I don’t want to be overly specific because we are working at both manufacturing and OpEx but I think that’s a reasonable expectation of what we are modeling and working at right now, is 25 to 50 by the fourth quarter. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay and Hector, when you mentioned that you are going to take another look at the non-core businesses, is it part of the restructuring that you announced or is this something new that you are talking about?
Hector De J. Ruiz: This is something in addition to what we just talked about. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and any timeframe that you can put around it?
Hector De J. Ruiz: We are on a path to do this as quickly as we can and we will announce it as soon as we know, but we are on a fast pace. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and one final question for Bob; when you say seasonal, I guess I just want to understand because your seasonality has been all over the place and also, it looks like you are ramping several new products. My question is why would you not grow a little better than seasonal in Q2? Thank you. 
Robert J. Rivet: Well, seasonal from our perspective and to me it’s a combination of what our competitor says and us, because we are the industry. You know, second quarter kind -- the best any quarter has been in over a near-term period of time is about 0%. It’s been down as much as 10% and the average has been about 4 to 5.  Right now, we don’t see any reason, even though we do have a good product lineup to push that any harder than what the math says, also based on what our competitor said. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick Wang of Wedbush Morgan. 
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Just a couple of questions, first off -- I was looking at the profitability of the different business units here and it appears that operating margins just on a unit-to-unit basis has gotten a little bit worse in computing. Can you give us some color just to get us a little bit more comfortable in terms of operating margin of the computing business? 
Robert J. Rivet: Well, clearly volume drives that margin pretty significantly. That is a fixed cost business from our perspective and clearly you drop the volume and you’ve got that fixed cost issue that kind of plays through. So I’m not sure exactly what else I can say on that.  Clearly with the product refresh that we’ve started to introduce at the tail end of the first quarter and the continuation of the platform strategy we have, we feel like we will continue to make progress and grow the top line, reduce the cost per unit, particularly when we introduce 45-nanometer in the back-half of the year from in-volume production, that you’ll see cost per unit drop and margin improve. 
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan Securities: And that’s expected in the back-half of this year?
Robert J. Rivet: Correct. 
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay, and then just some color on graphics because I mean, I think commentary just on the product portfolio on the graphic side is that you do have a stronger lineup there. Any color into when that starts seeing improvement?
Derrick R. Meyer: So what we saw in the quarter actually was better margins on the graphic side, again driven by stronger products and a mix shift that was favorable in that dimension, offset a little bit by pricing pressure on the low end. Looking forward, we clearly expect on the strength of products to start to grow share across the board and see that business improve. 
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay, great, thanks. And then just one last question, just on 45-nanometer, I know that you said that you expect production of that material some time in the summer. Any more color you can provide there, just to help us better understand what’s happening?
Derrick R. Meyer: We’ll start the production ramp in the summertime and start to ship products in volume in Q4. 
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Krishna Shankar of JMP Securities.
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: Yes, previously you had been talking about a $2 billion sort of break-even and now I think you are saying $1.5 billion, or is that $1.8 because Hector also talked about a $200 million reduction in that break-even point. Can you clarify that for us?
Robert J. Rivet: 1.5 is the target that we are working on to reduce, so basically I would just keep it simple -- it’s the current quarter, the first quarter we just reported, that that $240 million loss would be zero, so that’s what we are working our way toward. So we’ve taken a much more aggressive stance than may be interpreted in the past. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: I see. And then in graphics, you did have a pretty good mix with the 3000 product family and yet the business was not profitable. Can you talk about what leads that to becoming more profitable going forward?
Derrick R. Meyer: High order it’s more volume generated through share gains and we have pretty good confidence based on two things that will get there. First of all as we told this group at the December analyst conference, we did a very -- we are very good -- we were very effective at locking down OEM design wins on the mobile platforms, which refresh here in Q2, so a lot of that is locked.  And then beyond that, we’ve again got a strong product line and ought to be able to grow our share in the desktop space, both on the OEM side and on the add-in board side. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: And the final question on Barcelona, it sounds like that is going to be a key vector in terms of profitability and margins. What’s been the response from customers and are you competing there in terms of performance, price per -- what are sort of the metrics that you are trying to win back business, given your late entry into the quad-core server market?
Derrick R. Meyer: The response from customers has been enthusiastic, as has the response from end users. We’ve talked about in the past some of the marquee cluster wins that we generated and served actually with Rev B2 of the product. Rev B3 is stronger. We’ll be able to increase frequency over time. The product is terrific in the high performance computing space where floating point intensive applications reside, and in addition in virtualized data centers, the product really shines. 
Robert J. Rivet: And just to remind you, as I said, HP and Dell have launched so that product is available. You can go to the HP website and see the product that’s available with AMD products.
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: And my final question is for Hector; you talked about the asset light strategy and having details on that soon. I am trying to reconcile that with your excellent performance in manufacturing and can you give us a little more clarity on what asset light might look like, either in terms of share ownership of a fab or AMD becoming to some extent fab-less? I just want a little more color on your asset light strategy. 
Hector De J. Ruiz: I know you would like it and I feel terrible that I can’t provide you details that I would love to and I hope to do it soon, but the obvious thing is that what gives us an opportunity to do things creative is the fact that we have incredibly strong world-class benchmark manufacturing assets and at this point in time, and I hope to tell you more soon. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Cody Acree of Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Gross margins for the second quarter, any color on direction or magnitude?
Robert J. Rivet: Well, you know clearly in a seasonally down quarter, if you don’t have the top line it makes it a little more challenging. But as I said, I would like to just give you a framework. I don’t give color on exactly what’s going to happen so we don’t give that kind of guidance, but I would like you to think of it in two dimensions. And the first dimension is we do have a bunch of new products. You know, we only had weeks of the B3 material take place for the first quarter versus we’ll have a full 13 weeks in the second quarter.  And the same thing goes in graphics. In graphics, we continue to be excited about the new products and we continue to have more new products coming, so those are the positives of the quarter.  The negatives is the seasonality, just the unit pressure you have of clients, particularly for us in the consumer space is a little bit of a challenge. So there’s a plus and there’s a minus. You need to quantify what you think that is. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Maybe could you also talk -- obviously this may also be an answer you can’t give but talk about the break even number. If you can’t talk about specifics, at least maybe the drivers that get you there. At $1.5 billion, you gave us a little bit of OpEx guidance. What kind of gross margins do we need to be getting to or at least what kind of mix shift helps you to get to the gross margin numbers to get to that break-even level?
Robert J. Rivet: Well, in the current business model, so I’ll call it pre-asset smart, we have to be -- and using fourth quarter as a proxy, we have to be pushing the north of 45% kind of level. Clearly though we are trying to reduce the burden in the OpEx category and also see if there is some room we can in reducing the cost of manufacturing so it’s easier to get to the north of 45.  So kind of a -- you know, but in a perfect world, we’re going to try to shift fixed cost to variable cost so that weekend weather storms a lot easier at $1.5 billion than we currently are today. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and then lastly, you mentioned 13 weeks of B3 and GPUs ramping in. When are volumes large enough that we really start to see some drop-through to the bottom line to impact on operating profits? Is it late, late in the year or is it sooner?
Robert J. Rivet: It’s really this summer, so to me we’ll see server improvements right now in the current quarter and continuing in the third quarter and fourth quarter, so it’s definitely happening. Desktop is happening right now also as we continue to increase the lineup of Phenoms available.  Triple core is another opportunity that we just started again in the first quarter. That will continue, so really that quad-core architecture that we also use for triple-core will have good benefit right away.  The wildcard issue is the environment we are in in the consumer space, which is the world we play in mostly. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from David Wu of Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I was wondering about the fact that your Puma platform is also coming out, would that enable you to turn that notebook volume around, since that’s a completely new platform.  And in the second quarter, considering your lineup of products, I would be surprised if your market share would not go up in the calendar quarter relative to what you had suffered in Q1 because of a product freshness issue. Can you talk about that a little bit? And the other one I was wondering about is Hector was mentioning about what were the core technologies and I think graphics was one of them, but the graphics portfolio that you have today is a very broad one and can you dissect or discard part of the graphics core without hurting the part that you want to keep? And lastly, maybe Derrick can help me on this, the Barcelona platform apparently is a straight 45-nanometer die shrink of the -- sorry, the Shanghai platform is a straight 45-nanometer die shrink of today’s Opteron, but I was wondering whether you may change in architecture bit to help your industry performance by having say a four issue per clock kind of thing as opposed to current generation of three issues?
Derrick R. Meyer: I’ll try to take those, all three of them, in the order you asked them. So first of all with respect to Puma, the way I would characterize that one is as follows; first of all, that platform has enjoyed great design win success across our customer base. Certainly in our historic consumer segment but also in the SMB area. It will be hitting the market in Q2.  Clearly relative to notebook share, the exposure we have to the consumer market makes us swing a little bit more seasonality than the overall notebook market and due to that, we’ve got the opportunity to gain serious headwind in the back half of the year, again due to seasonality.  And in addition, as I said the fact that that Puma platform is also enjoying some success in the form of design wins with SMB gives us an opportunity to further grow our share in the back half of the year.  You asked about what do we consider core and what do we consider non-core, you know, high level the way we think of this is the technological foundation of our core businesses is our X86 technology together with our graphics technology. And the business outlet for those is primarily computing. Servers and PCs and markets that are very adjacent to PCs. So hopefully that clarifies that a little bit.  And then finally you asked about Barcelona; if I understand your question, it had to do with are we going to be substantially changing the core when we move to Shanghai. And first order, there are some core improvements but not major ones. I would call them incremental improvements to the core. But other improvements on the die, such as caches and so on. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I see. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Just to clarify on that, you are suggesting that Puma should see some volume at the end of the second quarter or you think it will be more volume in the calendar third quarter on the notebook side?
Derrick R. Meyer: The platform refresh happens on the consumer side in what’s called the back-to-school cycle. That cycle typically starts with machines showing up in retail channels in North America, as an example, in July, and we start shipments to prepare for that in late May and June. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then just on Barcelona, you had shared some metrics in terms of units for that at the analyst day in New York, fourth quarter, first quarter. I was wondering if you had anything else to share in terms of how we should think about the ramp in terms of units or volume or revenue as you move into the second and third quarters. 
Derrick R. Meyer: Tim, just for clarification, when you say Barcelona, I here that being a server question. Is that right?
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: That’s right. 
Derrick R. Meyer: Okay. Rough math, our quad-core server shipments in Q1 represented about 25% of the mix, roughly. That ought to grow quickly to 50% in the current quarter and go beyond 50% after that point in time. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: You’re assuming that with that you get -- that having seen a flat ASP overall in the first quarter, it is improved or flat or overall for the company lower in the calendar second quarter?
Derrick R. Meyer: Good question and first of all, the flat ASP comment was relative to the entire microprocessor product line -- server, desktop, notebook. Clearly to the extent that we start to grow our server volumes and improve our share in servers, that improves our overall mix and is a good factor relative to the overall ASP and profitability of the product line. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: And lastly, this is for Hector; in framing your expectations that you thought you might be able to provide some incremental color on asset light in the near future, should we think about that being so by the time you get to the call in July being the next sort of near future, near-term event, that will be when you might be looking to have news to share or do you think there is potential for it to move out beyond into the second half of the calendar year?
Hector De J. Ruiz: Good try, Tim, good try. You know, I am not really trying to be evasive but I think we are truly tremendous progress in this area and I -- I do not want to be flippant but to me, near future is any time in the next 90 days to the rest of the year. I can’t call you any closer than that. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Maybe just [on top of that], Bob, on the cash balance, you’ve got $1.75 billion of cash and you have taken down your CapEx a little bit. How should we think about you planning for the cash balance and what is your expectation as you move through the calendar year? Any color there?
Robert J. Rivet: Sure. Well, clearly we are trying to run the business very cash focused to try to manage capital investments versus how much cash from operations will throw off. Clearly that’s why we are stepping up to deal with excess employees and those kind of things, so I am trying to weather the storm and be prepared for whatever storm presents myself -- presents us.  Second is we still are monetizing tools and that administrative building and land we’ve talked about, so that’s over $400 million, so I feel pretty good that I’m in an appropriate liquid position to manage my way through this pre asset smart. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much, guys. 
Operator: Our next question is from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Just quickly on the guidance for seasonal for Q2, if you look at sort of the IDC and Gardner data that came out for Q1, despite the macro headwinds, the overall PC unit growth was about seasonal and clearly you guys underperformed. So I’m just trying to understand why you feel comfortable guiding to normal seasonal going into the June quarter, given that the macro headwinds are still there. Are you expecting a better than seasonal overall market or are you expecting sort of in-line PC seasonality with you guys gaining share? If you can give me some color on that, that would be great. 
Robert J. Rivet: Well, here’s the way we kind of look at it. To me, if you add up our competitors’ results and our results and just look at microprocessors sold into the marketplace, we are down about 9%. The industry is down about 9% quarter to quarter, first to fourth, which is on the low end of seasonality. Clearly we did poorly in that performance which we believe is due to our exposure in the consumer space, though total PC units, an interesting phenomena, appear to be okay from I’ll call what PC units are selling, but clearly there’s a lot of people very cautious.  So our position for second quarter is we are cautious. We clearly still see I’ll call it the consumer pressures but we don’t need to forecast stronger or worse than at this point in time. We’ll just kind of try to hit it down the middle of the fairway.  And we’ve got a new product lineup which we believe will help us but again, I need to reestablish credibility versus throwing out a big number or a small number. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: So Bob, just to clarify, you hold share in a seasonal market in the June quarter, is kind of the way you are looking at things?
Robert J. Rivet: Again, our consumer exposure makes that a little tough but our goal is to hold share, not lose anymore share than we have and if anything, try to gain some of it back that we lost, particularly in the server space. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Bob, as you take break-even down another 200 from 1.7 to 1.5, is that just executing on stuff that you’ve already announced or would we need to see more announcements for you to get to that break-even level?
Robert J. Rivet: You’ll see more announcements, so there is more for you to be told on the specificity of actions. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then lastly for Hector; Hector, you mentioned that having world-class capacity is critical to your MPU strategy. Do you need to own that world-class capacity I guess? And if you didn’t, do you think that would put you at a competitive disadvantage?
Hector De J. Ruiz: First of all, I don’t think that the ownership of the capacity is necessarily a reflection of the leadership in technology needed. Our partnership with IBM has demonstrated that we are able to hang in there relative to technology without having to own the R&D, for example, totally. We’re sharing it.  So I’m a strong believe that especially for us, we demonstrated it in the past, we’ll demonstrate that going forward, that partnering with people is very important to our future and particularly in the area of technology. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Thanks, guys, appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question is from Glen Yeung of Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Can one of you guys address the departure of your CTO and just whether or not that has any implications for the longer term roadmap, either from a design or manufacturing standpoint?
Derrick R. Meyer: The second part of the question first -- it doesn’t have any implications for the roadmap or our ability to execute on that roadmap. Beyond that, it wouldn’t be appropriate for me to comment on any specific person’s departure but I can tell you we are focusing on elevating our game and fixing some of our execution problems and in so doing, we’re going to bring into the company people with better talent and better experience, and you’ll see more. I’ll cite as an example the recent addition of a new CMO and a new CIO to the company. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, great. And then just sort of another little point here, I did notice that you bought out the ownership of Xander in your fab -- I think it was 36. Maybe just address what the strategy is there. 
Robert J. Rivet: Well, it’s always been our plan -- you know, when we originally set up Fab 36, we did that through a process of some help from our friends, I’ll call it, of the State of Saxony and MMW as minority partners and then some loans with some help from the government.  Our plan has always been at the appropriate times, and we have different sequences in time, is to take out the minority partners. That first opportunity presented itself on April 1st and we’ve executed that.  It will help us on the cost, our interest expense on a go-forward basis and we felt it was the right thing to do and has been our plan and every opportunity we have, we will wind our way out of those minority interests. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, thanks. I just wanted to clarify those two things. So the next question I guess is for Derrick; just thinking about channel inventories or processors first, but I’m actually more interested in graphics and what your thoughts are there, both of your inventories and your competitors’, how you feel the channel inventories fit. 
Derrick R. Meyer: On the graphic side, we’ve been very carefully managing -- I’ll call it the inventory levels in our AIB partners and we feel like there is absolutely no issue. What we’ve got is what we plan to have, period.  You know, likewise on the CPU side of the business, we don’t feel like the inventories are particularly unhealthy and I will say that with the availability of B3 late in the quarter, a lot of that product was absorbed by the channel and is out there in the sub-distributors, no doubt, but we don’t know of anything that causes alarm. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: And then actually sort of in that vein, I wonder if you saw any geographic changes over the course of the quarter, and I’ll be specific -- we’ll a little worried that Europe is getting weaker and again, we did see the data on PCs that looks pretty healthy for Q1. I’m just wondering if you’ve seen any signs at the turn of the quarter from a geographic perspective that raises any question markets. 
Derrick R. Meyer: You asked about Europe specifically -- there is no question that we are hearing from our customers signs of a little bit of weakness in the Western European countries -- U.K., France, et cetera. But that’s largely offset as we understand it by strength in Eastern Europe, so overall the market seems to be hanging in there in Europe. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. Last question, Derrick either for you or for Hector, just if there is such a thing, your strategy on ASPs, what your intentions are for the remainder of the year. Is this an area where you feel like you can try to hold -- particularly with the new products coming out, do you feel like pricing is something you are going to have some advantage with this year?
Derrick R. Meyer: Overall, the pricing strategy of the company hasn’t changed and that is to deliver good value to our customers into the market on the strength of good technology, and do so in a way that is responsible financially to the company and generates appropriate margins.  We’ve got some things going for us from Q1 looking forward and that is the introduction of quad-core to both our server and desktop lineups, which clearly gives us an opportunity to play across a wider breadth of the marketplace, get back in ahead of the game on the server side and have a richer mix on the desktop side, which are both positive factors on ASP. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks, that was really helpful. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Just a couple of questions on the cost reduction strategy -- I think that you guys mentioned there’s another round of adjustments coming to get to that break-even number you talked about. Is that simultaneous with what Hector was talking about, looking at every segment? Or is there like a middle step between those two?
Hector De J. Ruiz: First of all, let me separate the two pieces and then Bob can come in. One of the things I said and let me hopefully clarify it is that we are very confident that when the time comes for us to implement our asset smart strategy, that we will have the opportunity to go through another run of cost reductions relative to restructuring the company. This will be something very much tied to the opportunity that we will have when the asset smart gets implemented.  But as Bob pointed out, between now and then we will also have a continuation of other cost reduction activities and one of them is the intense scrutiny that we are putting in our businesses to ensure number one that our core businesses continue to be healthy, and especially as it relates to leadership and profitability, and that those businesses that are not core get really scrutinized relative to whether we want to continue depending on their outlook relative to growth and profitability.  Once we accomplish that, there will be an announcement made relative to the impact that that will have in reducing our OpEx. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So is the asset smart strategy a prerequisite to the break-even or is all three of them, the 10% plus the scrutinization and the asset smart? 
Hector De J. Ruiz: No, the asset smart strategy is not a prerequisite to the break-even. All of the other actions are part of a continuation of reducing the break-even. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and I guess the final question on the restructuring would be I believe we’ve just hit the one-year anniversary of hearing about the asset smart or fab light strategy and really haven’t seen much to do with it. I know it’s a difficult and complex strategy. Is there any reason to believe that that scrutiny of your core and non-core businesses would happen any sooner than that sort of one-year anniversary we’ve already run into on the fab light side?
Hector De J. Ruiz: I can assure you that it will happen a lot sooner. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Moving quickly away from the housekeeping, or excuse me the cost cutting side of things, any difference in what was happening in the graphics business between the desktop and the notebook side of things?
Derrick R. Meyer: Could you clarify the question? Any difference -- 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: On your GPU side of things. It looked like the ASPs were down but the units were up. I wondered if there was any -- if it was a mix related thing or an apples-to-apples thing, especially considering some of your new product introductions. 
Derrick R. Meyer: I would think of it just as a mix related thing, you know, strength in the high end and pricing pressure on the low end kind of offsetting each other. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then similar to an earlier question, the ASPs being flat in your microprocessor business, were there any out-layers as far as the three main segments -- servers, desktops and notebooks -- that change quarter over quarter to cause that, or is it really just about the same in each of the three segments?
Derrick R. Meyer: It was pretty similar across the three segments, really. There wasn’t -- not any two big offsets, in other words. 
Robert J. Rivet: The data is all fairly consistent, you know, piece by piece, a slight improvement, slight decline, but all within the noise level of plus/minus 1%. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then the last one was a bit more of a housekeeping question -- depreciation came in below what you guided to and it looked like it actually went down sequentially. Could you just talk about the mechanics of how that actually drops, given your past CapEx? And then, if you could remind us of full year depreciation guidance, that would be helpful too. 
Derrick R. Meyer: Well, we continue as we -- we’ve been on a ramp to add additional capacity in Fab 36. We also are converting Fab 30 from 200-millimeters to 300-millimeters. We stopped production at the beginning of the fourth quarter on the 200-millimeters, so tools have been coming in. That’s where the $322 million, which is split between Fab 38 and Fab 36, but clearly I’m not turning on the tools if I don’t need to execute them in the manufacturing environment, and so that is why depreciation is a little bit less. We didn’t feel like we needed to turn them all on as fast as we originally forecasted based upon the economic view and the current realities of the first quarter.  From a balance throughout the year, it will be a little bit less. We’ll drift down from the levels we talked about before from guidance of $1.4 billion. Probably at this point in time, I’d say it’s probably more 1.2. But I’ll give you more updates on a quarterly basis. Right now, I’d say a little bit of growth as we put, we bring on 45-nanometer tools as we start in the summer 45-nanometer production. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Uche Orji of UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Warburg: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions, first of all on graphics. Given the lineup of products you have now, do you anticipate that you will start to regain market share through the rest of the year? That’s the first question.  And also secondly, at the analyst day you showed us a mix of your share gain within the [inaudible] platform, and I think back then you had said you’d get 60% of the design wins. Can you update that for us now if possible, please?
Derrick R. Meyer: First, we do anticipate gaining share across both desktop and notebook starting in Q2, and I’ll say accelerating through the second half of the year.  On the notebook design win front, really the story hasn’t changed from the good one that we told you back in December. 
Uche Orji - UBS Warburg: A different question within graphics also -- I noticed in the press release you talk about having a full lineup of FireGL products. Now granted you’ve not been a big player in the professional solutions market here. NVIDIA does very well here. Is this a new attempt at strategy within the professional solutions because of the margins there?
Derrick R. Meyer: I can’t speak to the new factor in the sense that the ATI team has been part of AMD only for a year-and-a-half, roughly. But I can tell you there’s no question that’s a focus for the company. That’s a big margin pool in the graphics business. We are pretty optimistic about our ability to have bigger access to that pool based on two things. One is the very good OpenGL drivers that we announced a couple of quarters ago, which are very robust, very solid, and offer great performance. And number two, the capability of the hardware products themselves. Now clearly there’s a lot of other things we’ve got to do right, specifically engagement with a couple of big tier one OEMs who really drive volume in the workstation space but also evangelizing our technology in enterprise and also partnering appropriate with ISVs. 
Uche Orji - UBS Warburg: I’ll just ask a different question -- let me switch to microprocessors. You know, you described the environment as competitive and yet ASPs were flat. Now, is it safe for us to assume that there are conditions in place now for ASPs to rise for you and for the industry through the rest of 2009? Of course this is not assuming that you know what Intel is going to do but just from what you sense of the environment, and you’ve been able to give us some color in the past about what you think will happen. So Hector, is there any sense from your side that we are passed the whole [inaudible] pricing and we expect pricing to stabilize and able to rise through the rest of the year?
Hector De J. Ruiz: We haven’t seen a -- you know, we saw a -- we call it a stable environment in the fourth quarter, or in the second half of last year and I would call it very competitive. And we don’t see any change from that, at least in the near future in the marketplace. We expect the environment to continue to be very competitive.  In talking about ASPs, the key at the end of the day really is the ability to improve our mix with the new products that both Bob and Derrick have been talking about, the fact that Barcelona, the quad-cores are ramping both in the server and the client, and the introduction of new platforms. All of that and our ability to ramp those volumes higher will have a bigger impact on ASPs than any minutiae on the market changes relative to the ASP environment.  So we expect and our plans are to see a stable but competitive environment in the next couple of quarter. 
Uche Orji - UBS Warburg: And just one last question -- given that 45-nanometers will be -- we are looking at shipments in Q4, and I’ll assume that for the mainstream, we are now looking maybe Q109 for the 45-nanometer in the mainstream. Your restructuring measures, would they include any other measures to reduce cost per unit in the meantime? I’m assuming right now that most of the efforts you are going to make on restructuring will be more on the OpEx line but will that include any other strategies to reduce cost per unit, you know, [inaudible] when 45-nanometers will kick in because if not between now and then, when 45 becomes available in mass, I just worry that you may not be able to remain competitive against Intel. 
Robert J. Rivet: No, I mean clearly the cost reduction effort is across the board. It’s in manufacturing. I mean, we are turning over every rock to find every penny for the amount of units we ship to see if there’s ways to save more pennies. You know, whether it’s test time reductions, changing burn-in times -- I mean, everything you can imagine in the manufacturing environment to streamline flows, et cetera, to save more pennies per unit, besides in the OpEx category of how we become more efficient in our R&D investment or in our G&A operations, so it’s an across-the-board type issue, not just waiting for 45-nanometer to happen. It’s all areas. 
Uche Orji - UBS Warburg: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Joanne Feeney of FTN Midwest.
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: A bit more on the Barcelona detail and what your hopes are, maybe you could help us identify the end market segments, whether it’s DP servers, two-way servers, or multi-way servers, where you think you are likely to have the most success with your future customers and where you might see the best shipment growth. Or where in the desktop and notebook segment you think you are going to get the best traction over the course of this year. 
Derrick R. Meyer: First on the server side, as you probably know, we’ve retained a pretty good position in the four-piece space, even with the dual-core products that we have, on the strength of -- I’ll call it system architecture superiority and the introduction of quad-core to the 4P product line certainly helps us out there.  In addition, we’ve got the opportunity to grow back some of the share that we lost in the two-piece space really across many segments in the server space, whether it’s web serving, that is the outer tier, HPC, you name it -- getting back on an even playing field certainly helps us and gives us an opportunity to grow share.  On the client side of the business, as you know we’ve got kind of historic strength in consumer retail and refreshing the product line at worst keeps us whole in an area of historic strength and gives us an opportunity to get a little bit richer mix on desktop. The same statement with GPUs, by the way.  And then finally the area where we really are under penetrated is the commercial client market generally. We kind of think of that market in three broad buckets, I’ll call it -- government education, one; enterprise, that being big business, two; and SMB number three.  The big opportunity for us is SMB first because that’s the biggest of those three segments and it’s the one where we are aligned with OEMs near-term to penetrate. Does that help?
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: Sure, that does but you did reference the big architectural difference between yourself and your competitor and that’s one difference -- one big part of that difference that may evaporate at the end of the year with their release of their next generation product. So where do you think you might be able to still retain an edge despite that introduction and do you see the introduction of 45-nanometer based products as essential to your doing that?
Derrick R. Meyer: Clearly we’ll give our product line a good pop when we introduce the 45-nanometer quad-core products, code named Shanghai. And then we’ll be introducing a new platform architecture later 2009, early 2010. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: And then finally, if I could, just how much of the B2 version of Barcelona have you guys left in inventory?
Derrick R. Meyer: I can’t quote you a number but the way I would think of it is this -- we’ve been selling the B2 quad-core pretty successfully in desktop and despite B3 being in the marketplace, have plans to continue to do that through all the channels that we have, so we’re not particularly worried about the B2 inventory position. 
Robert J. Rivet: And we flipped manufacturing clearly to the B3 in the first quarter, so I am comfortable with the B2 inventory that we’ll be able to move it at the appropriate speed, particularly in the client space. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: So with your slow down a little bit of ramping Fab 36 and filling it out to full capacity, how much extra room do you have to increase your unit shipments if you were to increase your CapEx again? How much extra output could you get if you did that?
Robert J. Rivet: Well, I mean, to give you a framework, Fab 38 has the capability of about 20,000 starts per month and we are at zero, so I mean -- forget about Fab 36 because Fab 36 really has all the equipment in place. It’s just a utilization issue and transitioning to the appropriate technology node, but Fab 38 is an asset that’s sitting there with a little bit of equipment that will be built out at the appropriate time for unit growth. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: And what kind of timeframe, Bob, would be required to outfit that facility at this point?
Robert J. Rivet: You know, it’s -- I mean, the lead time for equipment is anywhere from three to 12 months. It depends on the piece of equipment so it’s that kind of a zone. Clearly we push and pull on that number all the time. As you’ve seen, we can back off capital fairly quickly, we can ramp up capital pretty quickly. But it does take a while to -- I’ll call it if we needed that kind of capacity tomorrow, it takes a while to put in place. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: And are you currently running Fab 36 flat out? Are you 100% utilization?
Robert J. Rivet: No. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. 
Robert J. Rivet: So we have room to build more units in Fab 36 alone, if we want to and the market wants them. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. Thanks. 
Ruth Cotter: Matt, we’ll take two more questions, please. 
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Freedman of American Technology Research.
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: A lot of good questions asked and answered -- if you could focus a little bit on the 45-nanometer products. Congratulations on seeing samples already and have you been able to get a measure of sort of how they are going to measure up benchmark wise and what your expectations are there from a performance perspective?
Derrick R. Meyer: Is that a -- you are asking us to draw comparison between our 45-nanometer products and what we think the other guys -- 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Or even your own, if you could just benchmark what type of performance improvements do you expect to achieve with those products. 
Derrick R. Meyer: Okay, a couple of dimensions; one is clearly by going to 45-nanometers, we’ve got an opportunity to put more function on the die, to the benefit of performance, which is something we do clearly in the server space, so that would drive architectural improvements. Also by going to 45-nanometers, we get improvement in transistor performance and power efficiency, which kind of raises all boats, both server and desktop. In addition, in the 45-nanometer generation, we’ll be doing die variance with the interest of having products that are targeted to the appropriate cost points as they exist in the marketplace. Does that help?
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Yes, somewhat. Can you also talk a little bit about where you stand on the development of the new cores, the Bulldozer and Bobcat that were talked about at the last technical analyst day?
Derrick R. Meyer: The Bulldozer core is in development in 45-nanometer technology and we’ll be sampling that in 2009. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: All right, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our final question today is from David Wong of Wachovia.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you very much. First, just a clarification -- you said earlier about ASPs being flat, so you meant they were flat in each individual segment, right? Server, notebook, and desktop and there wasn’t a mix shift that helped hold the ASP flat? Is that what you said?
Robert J. Rivet: Yes, that’s correct, David. 
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, great. The other thing is can you quantify how much it will cost you in cash to get to break-even? Will you have significant cash restructuring charges? What do you reckon your cash balance might drop to before you hit neutral cash flow?
Robert J. Rivet: Not ready to disclose that information. We continue to work through it. As we’ve said, we’ve got many steps in the process that we are working our way through but as I said before, we feel like with the current cash balance and the other opportunities we have, we are in fine shape to manage our way through even cash restructuring costs. 
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, great. And just one final one -- in the December quarter, you said you shipped about 400,000 quad-core processors. Can you give us the number for the March quarter for quad-cores?
Robert J. Rivet: In excess of 0.5 million. 
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Great. Thanks very much. 
Ruth Cotter: Okay, Matt, that concludes the call. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-20 16:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Laney and I will be your conference operator for today.  At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the AMD fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call.  All lines have been placed on a listen only mode at this time.  After the speakers’ remarks, you will be invited to participate in a question and answer session.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today.  I would now like to turn the conference over Ms. Ruth Cotter, Senior Manager of Investor Relations for AMD.  Please go ahead.
Ruth Cotter: Thank you and welcome everybody to AMD’s Q4 2007 earnings conference call.  Joining me on the call today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman of the Board and CEO, Derrick Meyer, our President and COO and Bob Rivet, EVP and CFO.  The call is live today from Austen, Texas and is being webcast on AMD.com.  A telephone replay will be available for the next ten days starting later this evening.  The toll free number is 800-642-1687, outside of the US the telephone number is 6706-645-9291 and the access code for both is 29165551. Before we begin I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward looking statements about management’s expectations.  Investors are cautioned that our forward looking statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations as set forth in our forward looking statements. The semiconductor industry is generally volatile and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast.  Because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business and risk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward looking statements.  You’ll find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filing, AMD’s quarterly report on form 10K for the quarter ended September 29, 2007. Before I turn the call over to Bob Rivet for some prepared remarks, I’d like to advise you that our Q1 2008 earnings quiet time will begin at the close of business on Friday, March 14.  Now with that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Robert Rivet: Thank you Ruth.  Good afternoon.  We achieved near breakeven performance in the fourth quarter.  We again grew the top line in each of our businesses, leading to a 3 point sequential improvement in gross margin.  As a result of those achievements, our overall non-GAAP operating loss was $9 million.  Total AMD revenue was $1.77 billion, up 8% sequentially. In the fourth quarter we achieved several new records, including record microprocessor unit shipments, record microprocessor unit shipments into the distribution channel, record desktop processor unit shipments and once again record notebook processor unit shipments. We are seeing growing demand for new product offerings in each of our businesses and in particular for our quad-core processors.  We shipped close to 400,000 quad core units across our desktop and server products segments, consistent with our guidance. We recorded a net loss of $3.06 per share for the quarter.  In December, we disclosed that we would be taking a material charge for the write down of good will and intangible assets associated with the acquisition of ATI.  This charge amounted to $2.89 per share or $1.675 billion, of which $1.6 billion was non-cash.  The components of this charge are as follows: a non-cash goodwill and intangible write down of $1.545 billion, or $2.67 per share associated with the ATI acquisition net of taxes; a non-cash charge for other ATI acquisition related costs of $61 million, or $0.11 per share; and a cash investment impairment of $69 or $0.12 per share associated with our remaining Spansion holdings. Fourth quarter gross margin increased sequentially three percentage points to 44% driven by increased new product shipments, higher ASPs and cost containment.  Manufacturing performance in Fab 36 remained strong, exceeding targets for output, yield and cycle time.  Total operating expenses, R&D and SG&A were down $25 million from the prior quarter, lower than we projected as a result of continued strong operational discipline. Cash flow from operation was a positive $114 million for the quarter and adjusted EBITDA was a positive at $203 million as compared to $60 million in the prior quarter.  A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results are available in our press release. Now switching to the business segments.  The computing solutions side was profitable in the fourth quarter and we believe we gained share in microprocessors on the basis of it’s 11% growth in revenue.  For the segment, revenue was $1.4 billion, up 9% from prior quarter.  Microprocessor unit shipments increased 7% sequentially and ASPs grew 4% over the prior quarter.  Operating income was $21 million, a $133 million sequential improvement.  The segment returned to profitability on the strength of new products, cost containment and gross margin expansion. Demand for quad-core AMD processors is strong.  We continue to execute our volume ramp and in the first quarter we will more than double our shipments over the fourth quarter. In the graphics segment, revenue was $259 million, up 3% compared to the third quarter.  The operating loss in graphics segment was $12 million, compared to a $3 million loss in the prior quarter.  Demand of our new ATI Radeon HD3800 and HD2000 GPU families is strong. Consumer electronics segment revenue was $109 million, up 12% from the previous quarter driven by improved handheld sales and higher gaming console royalties.  The consumer electronics segment reported an operating income of $12 million in the quarter, compared to an operating loss of $3 million last quarter. Now turning to the balance sheet.  Our cash and marketable security balance at the end of the quarter was $1.9 billion, up $361 million from the third quarter.  In the quarter we netted $608 million from a strategic investment by Mubadala Development Company.  We are pleased with our progress improving working capital metrics.  Total inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $821 million, down 4 days to 76.  In accounts receivable, we improved DSOs to 33 days, down 5 days from 38. Now turning to the outlook.  The following statements are forward looking and actual results could differ materially from current expectations.  In the seasonally down first quarter, AMD expects revenue to decrease in line with seasonality.  Operating expenses are expected to be up approximately 5% compared with the fourth quarter.  Acquisition related charges are expected to be approximately $55 million.  We expect to have a tax expense of approximately $15 million.  Depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $315 million and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $425 million in the quarter. In summary, in the fourth quarter, we achieved near breakeven at the operating line.  We grew ASPs on the strength of new products.  We believe we gained share in microprocessors.  We managed costs well while growing the top line and we improved gross margin by three points, capping off an eight point gross margin improvement from a year ago.  We are maniacally focused on our return to profitability.  And as I said as last month’s analyst day, we plan to do so in the second half of 2008. With that, I’ll hand it over to Hector for some closing comments.
Hector Ruiz: Thank you Bob.  You know Derrick and I are not doing our usual prepared remarks today because we wanted to do a couple of things differently.  One is to give Bob adequate time for an extended prepared remark explanation of our financials.  We were very pleased with the progress and as you saw from Bob’s remarks, we came darn close to breaking even operationally in the quarter. In addition we also wanted to allow at the end, a little more time than we usually do to make sure that we were able to address any and all of the questions that any of you might have as well as we can. You know one of the things that we did in the month of December, we had an analyst meeting at which time we told you a number of things that we were planning to do, not only for the quarter but also for our goals and objectives for 2008.  One of the things I would also like to underline today before we go to the Q&A is that everything that we told you at that analyst meeting is on plan and there has been no change in any of the information that we gave you and the projections that we gave you into next year. One of the things that we talked about and I know we’re going to have some dialogue on this particular topics is the fact that we were determined to fix our Barcelona quad-core issues as soon as we could.   I’m very pleased to report that silicone has been out of the factor with the fixes that we’ve put in place and we’re really thrilled with all of the work that’s being done and expect that within two to three weeks we will begin providing our customers the samples that they will then put in server platforms beginning the end of the quarter and well into the second quarter and beyond. Our customers are thrilled about the progress that we’ve made and they’re looking forward to receiving this product.  It is exciting to point out too that at the same time, we’ve had silicon on a quad-core 45 nanometer product that equally we’re as pleased with the results and look forward to being able to ramp 45 nanometer aggressively in the second half of this year. In manufacturing, we continue to have an outstanding asset in our company in an organization that delivers high quality products, high yields, low cost and incredibly good quality.  We are very pleased with the progress that has been made but equally important going into 2008, we have a flexible manufacturing plan that we believe is very strong.  With incredibly great productivity in Fab 36 and the addendum we’re going to do in the factory in Fab 38 as well as the continued great performance of charters and the conductor in our foundry, we are planning to meet the needs of all our customers in 2008 with those plans.  But on top of that, it is important to note that this plan is flexible in the sense that we have the opportunity to dial it up if we need it to, to be able to increase that capability quite significantly. With that, I’d like to now turn it over to Ruth to monitor the Q&A for today, thank you.
Ruth Cotter: Operator, we’re very happy to take some questions if you could poll the audience.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of David Wu.
David Wu: Hello, good afternoon, well congratulations on an almost breakeven quarter.  I have three questions.  The first one is, the notebook unit growth has been very robust in the early part of the year.  It appeared that that seems to have slowed down and I wondered what has happened, is the market lower or all your OEMs have basically launched AMD Turion notebooks. The second one I have is on the quad-core.  There was something less than 400,000 units shipped and I was thinking whether the mix is sort of 80/20 where 80 is the desktop and 20 the server and what would the mix be like in Q1 of ’08 based on your B3 steppings going out the door. And lastly, if I have a richer mix of server, what would that do to my gross margin.  I assume that unit cost would be higher as your factory loading comes down.  Would that be an offset?
Derrick Meyer: It’s Derrick here and I’ll take the questions in the order you cited them.  First relative to notebook unit growth.  We continue to see the PC market growth being paced by the notebook form factor and we expect notebook unit growth to continue to be very strong year on year looking into 2008.  Going Q3 to Q4, because of the seasonally you often see lower notebook growth Q3 to Q4 because in fact Q4 shipments to OEMs are in support of Q1 OEM shipments and of course that’s a seasonally down quarter for notebook, so that’s the situation on notebook. Relative to quad-core you asked what was the mix in our quad-core shipment units in Q4 between server and desktop.  Round numbers, 2:1, desktop to server, very roughly.  And I would expect that ratio to actually increase and become more representative of the market in Q1, that is the ratio of desktop to server would go beyond 2:1 in Q1. And finally you asked about the server mix, clearly to the extent that the mix of our business increases in the direction of server, that’s a plus for gross margins.
David Wu: I assume when you say the more normal ratio, I assume we go from 2:1 desktop to server to 2:1 server to desktop?
Derrick Meyer: No, the other way, so it’s 2:1 desktop to server in Q4, looking forward the ratio desktop to server would increase, 3:1, 4:1 and beyond.  You know, round numbers the desktop is in excess of 100 million unit a year kind of market and server is more like 14 to 15 million microprocessor unit per year market.  So the ratio long term will end up in that direction.
David Wu: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers.
Tim Luke: Thanks and congratulations on the margin progress as you moved to operating profit in the computing area.  Could you give us any color Bob on which segments you have seen move into the black between server, desktop and mobile. And then I was wondering with respect to your seasonal guidance, if Derrick or you have any color just on the general environment, obviously there’s been some weakness in some of your key partners in Europe and obviously you have the graphics area which was somewhat slow growth perhaps in the fourth quarter that is expected to ramp in the first quarter, if you could give us any color on how you would expect some of the different segments to perform within the seasonal guide.  Thank you.
Robert Rivet: Sure, Tim this is Bob.  First, thank you for the questions.  On the first one, we don’t report that level of granularity of profitability but I can give you some flavor.  Clearly our gross margins are the highest in the server business, followed by mobile, followed by desktop.  So, that’s the profile, it’s been in the past, it is today and we expect it in the future, so clearly as we get back with Barcelona shipping and grow that position, that actually helps the gross margin from that perspective. The color on the other ones, Derrick can answer a little bit there to kind of give you a little bit of flavor of what’s going on.  From a seasonality, you know we’re still believing it’s someplace between 5-10% down quarter between fourth quarter and first quarter.  That’s about all I’ll say at this point in time, it’s someplace in that zone.
Tim Luke: But the graphics business would be up sequentially or not necessarily?
Robert Rivet: No it’s got a seasonal issue too, so it will have a little bit of a downtick also.  It’s a little bit less of that range, it’s more on the lower end of the range but it’s still down quarter on quarter in the seasonal patter.
Tim Luke: And what about service, given the ramp, is that seasonal as well?
Robert Rivet: There’s a little bit of seasonality, but clearly as we get more product out there we hope we’ll actually be able to power through the seasonality issue and gain some share in that space.
Tim Luke: And just on the environment Derrick.
Derrick Meyer: Yeah, Tim you asked specifically about Europe.  We actually saw pretty good demand in Europe in Q4 and we’re not seeing anything extraordinary on the negative side beyond normal seasonality in Europe as we head early into Q1.
Tim Luke: And more broadly on that and the inventories that you see, just in the industry.
Derrick Meyer: I would echo the same comments worldwide.  You know we saw a pretty healthy environment in Q4.  We’re not seeing anything substantially different than what Bob referenced, normal seasonality in Q1.  Clearly with all the economic noise in the system, we’re looking very keenly and constantly at the environment, but then again we haven’t seen any substantial change from norm.
Robert Rivet: As I said in my prepared remarks, we had record distribution, microprocessor sales, they went out of the quarter with very controlled inventories I’ll call it from that standpoint, so very different view than a year ago.
Tim Luke: Lastly if I may for Hector, just if you have any color on what timeline we should think about for you being potentially able to provide us any updates on the AssetSmart strategies and how you think about that evolving?  Thank you.
Hector Ruiz: No, Tim, I wish I could, all I can tell you is I’m more excited than I’ve been on this issue because it looks to us the strategies that is really key and very important to make progress on it and as soon as we can we’re going to be able to tell you, we’ll be delighted to tell you a lot of the details on it and that’s all I can tell you.
Tim Luke: Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krishna Shankar of JMP Securities.
Krishna Shankar: Yes, congratulations on moving towards profit and profitability.  I had a couple of questions on Barcelona.  Hector you mentioned that the B3 rev is out of the Fab and it looks good.  What things need to happen between now and the end of the quarter when your customers will be sampling platforms and can you sort of give us an update on both the speed ramp profile for Barcelona as well as the Fenom products going forward with the B3 subdivision.
Hector: You know I’m going to ask Derrick to do that, he’s very, very familiar with it, so Derrick.
Derrick Meyer: Sure, I’d be happy to.  So as Hector said we’ve got B3 material out of the Fab and we’re putting it through its paces internally and in a couple of weeks we’ll be providing engineering samples to our customers and follow that quickly with production samples later in the quarter.  We’ll be working with our server customers very diligently to accelerate as best possible the availability of their systems and the marketplace, you’ll start to see that very late in Q1 and most of the systems early in Q2 and later into Q2. From a speed perspective, we’re focused on getting the high volume mid band power products into the market where the top speed right there is the 2.3 gigahertz part.  The higher performance band, 2.5 gig part will follow in Q2. On the Fenom side, the focus in Q1 is going to be largely around getting our triple core product into the market as well as our low power 65 watt device into the market and we’ll follow that up with higher speed Fenoms early in Q2.
Krishna Shankar: So for the valuation of the engineering samples shows that the TLB problem has been solved and the chips look good.
Derrick Meyer: Yeah, absolutely.  Yes that was a really focused issue.  Very easy to validate internally, so we have high confidence we’re ready to go.
Krishna Shankar: Great, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JP Morgan.
Christopher Danely: Thanks guys.  Just a quick clarification, you said that the guidance you gave for ’08 at the analyst days is intact, so I just wanted to ask about the gross margins.  You know you gave a target of 46-50% for the year so off of the current Q4 that would imply flattish gross margins in the first half and then gross margins getting pretty close to 50% in the second half of ’08.  Can you just give us a sense of how you’re going to maintain flattish gross margins in the first half and then how do you get it to 50% in the second half?
Derrick Meyer: New products, as we said at the analyst day.  I mean our plan is predicated on new products across the board, whether it’s in consumer graphics or the microprocessor area.  Followed on in the second half of the year by 45 nanometer.  So you know we’ll move up to stack of having a product offering in all the bands and you know it’s really new products is key to gross margin expansion.  Besides the normal things we do on a daily basis of improving cost, yields and cycle time.
Christopher Danely: Got it and then Bob, can you give us a sense of any kind of timeline or revenue level that would be a breakeven on a net basis?
Robert Rivet: Well as you can see from the financial statement if you peel through it, there’s a $90-$100 million of cost below the operating levels so that’s what I’ve got to get the operating income level to.  As you can see in the current quarter, we did better than we expected, I kind of signaled more $2 billion versus $1.8, I’m rounding up, so you know we’ve got to get north of $1.8 billion to get the appropriate $100 million operating income to get the net to be zero.  So it’s going to probably be in the $2 billion zone.
Christopher Danely: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense and then last question for either Derrick or Hector, I guess guys from a broader sense, what are your goals for market share and profitability in the various segments and in other words, are you pulling back a little bit here and trying to shore up the profitability rather than go for market share in the various segments?  Do you feel like you have a certain advantage in one?  Can you just give us a little bit of color there on your goals?
Hector Ruiz: Well, our number one goal operationally, we said it before, is that in the fourth quarter, we’ll say it again, again and again, so that all of us know it is we got to return to profitability as soon as we can.  We believe we have a plan that will let us do that in the second half of the year, beginning with the third quarter and our level of confidence is high. Bu at the same time we also want to make sure that it is understood that also, very parallel to that is to serve our customers.  Our customers are going to ask us for things they want and need, we want to make sure we have the capability in place to do that.  Having said that though, I think it’s important to know that because our focus is return to profitability, that means we’re not going after unit share, just for the sake of unit share.  We’re going to make sure that that is served and making sure that our customers get what they want.
Christopher Danely: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys and also congrats on getting closer to breakeven.  On the profitability in the first quarter Bob could you give us an idea of what you think gross margin is going to do or at least the puts and takes for that metric?
Robert Rivet: Yeah, clearly if you start at the top line, we have a little bit of pressure because we’re in a seasonally challenged quarter.  So, I’ll call revenue is a little on the south side of the equation.  Clearly we continue to have more new products in the mix, so that offsets some of that seasonality issue and new products I’d say almost exclusive in total have higher margins than old products in a general statement, I’d call it from that perspective. So, we’ve got a little bit of a plus minus issue to kind of work our way through to kind of be relatively in the same zone.
Ross Seymore: Okay and the SG&A or the op-ex rising sequentially in the quarters, can you just talk us through why that’s happening given the focus on returning to profitability?
Robert Rivet: You know there’s a few things we did in the fourth quarter, as an example we did a forced shut down, make people take vacation, we’re not making them do that in the first quarter, so there is a few things that we did from that perspective.  We’re also trying to ramp as quickly as possible 45 nanometer, starting on FAB 38 and we continue to try to execute as quickly as possible to get new products out there, so we’re making those appropriate investments and as prudently as possible but right now our plan is not to be flat, it’s got a little bit of growth.
Ross Seymore: And the last one from me on the ASP side, you mentioned that went up 4% sequentially on ASPs, was that only because of mix or was there actually some apples to apples price increases that you put through?
Robert Rivet: If you kind of look at it, it’s a little bit of both but the bigger piece of the equation is actually just improvement in the product segment of improving the ASPs.  So you know not just a mix of how much servers of the total but actually improving the ASPs in desktop.
Ross Seymore: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri of Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri: Hi, Hector just quickly, I guess Intel yesterday, they said their cap-ex is going to be up for the year and yours looks like it’s going to be down significantly, I guess as you move into the second half of the year given your capacity plans, are you concerned at all about Intel maybe putting a bit more pressure on the pricing side?
Hector Ruiz: You know, let me state my view of that, I think that first of all as I said before and it’s really critical to hopefully grasp the following.  The combination of FAB 36 and FAB 38 the addendum that we have and the charter gives us a lot of flexibility to increase unit capacity if we need to.  But we, thanks to the tremendous productivity of FAB 36 we are in a position to serve a unit growth that Bob mentioned that we’re counting on for next year and be able to meet the needs of our customers, so we think we’re managing our capacity well and so forth.  But I also don’t think that there is an environment where there is an overemphasis on pricing pressure.  We have not seen it, doesn’t mean it won’t happen and frankly we’ll have to wait till we’re closer to the second half to be able to answer your question accurately.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay and just one clarification on the op-ex front, post Q1 and obviously you said Q1 is going to be up 5%, do you see anymore opportunity to bring it down further or are you going to stay at that level?
Robert Rivet: More than likely stay at that level I mean we continue to sharpen our pencil and try to be more efficient in every area as possible but you know we’ve done a lot of that work throughout ’07 so I don’t see any significant decrease in any are, it’s really trying to get to no growth and reposition in the appropriate areas where we can get a big return on it.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong of Wachovia.
David Wong: Thanks very much.  I was very impressed with the total number of server chips you shipped including the number of quad-cores, now, are you under any obligation to replace any of the original quad-cores that you shipped here but that you’ve got stepping that seems to have some fixes associated with it?
Derrick Meyer: You know the answer to that first order is no.  There are a few instances where we have agreed with customers, we’ll do some swaps but that’s a minor part of the overall shipments that we had.
David Wong: However, so therefore, but the quad-cores that you have already shipped on the server front, they aren’t being shipped in end systems, is that correct?
Derrick Meyer: They are being shipped in end systems into targeted large clustering installations.
David Wong: I see and the last thing, yours server processor shipments, the 22% growth, was it roughly the same growth for four-way and two-way server chips or was one greater than the other?
Derrick Meyer: I don’t think we get quite that specific you know in our disclosures.
David Wong: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Feeney of Ftn Midwest.
Joanne Feeney: Thanks and congratulations on a great quarter.  Couple more details perhaps on the ASP front, so I’m wondering whether within the mix of ASPs up 4%, whether you could clarify the different dynamics going on in the notebooks space versus the desktop space.
Derrick Meyer: Hi Joanne its Derrick here.  Notebook ASPs were first order flat.  Desktop ASPs were up a bit largely driven by mix, contributor to that was additional quad-core shipments in the quarter and then overall ASPs of course got some lift due to increased server business in the quarter.
Joanne Feeney: That’s great, thanks for that and on the Barcelona progress, I’m wondering if the first quarter shipment outlook is going to exhaust these earlier version, the B2 stepping or will you still have some of those to send out the door in Q2 and perhaps you could elaborate on how much of the B3 might be going out the door in Q1 as a proportion of the total.
Derrick Meyer: Yeah, good question Joanne.  So let me remind everybody that the issue with B2 can be mitigated with a very simple to implement Linux kernel fix which is something that’s very practical to do in targeted big cluster installations and because of that for those sort of customers, B2 is fine, it was fine from Q4 it will continue to be fine in Q1, so we’ll in fact ship lots more B2 product in the current quarter.  And then the ramp of B3 really starts late in the quarter as we start bringing online our tier one OEMs.
Joanne Feeney: And so then presumably you’ll be wanting to produce lots more of the B3 than the B2 and that would probably tend to fill up your FABs more, should we expect a gross margin expansion from that greater capacity utilization?
Derrick Meyer: Well, I would just reference you back to the comments that Bob made, you know we have the puts and takes, the overall unit volume being down in light of seasonality and then new products helping us in the other direction.
Joanne Feeney: And then one last question if I could.  Overall, I’m wondering how much unit growth your current capacity could support for 2008?
Robert Rivet: This is Bob, Joanne, as we showed at the analyst day, Doug showed that, I mean you know we’ve got a pretty respectable unit increase capacity push in the 80-90 million units capability this year, through a combination of our own factories and charter which of course you toggle up and down.  So we’ve got pretty good respectable unit growth to support the market’s 15% growth plus.
Derrick Meyer: One other comment I’d make Joanne is remember the B2 inventory also services the desktop, so I mean that inventory is not exclusive for servers, that’s in the current quarter that’s what goes into desktop, that what will happen also in the first quarter and therefore our factory was, we built B2 inventory to actually service the desktop market.
Joanne Feeney: Okay, that’s helpful, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
Analyst for John Pitzer: Thanks, this Amit calling in for John.  I was wondering can you just give us an update on your 45 nanometer run?  You said that I think you have [inaudible] working, do you still expect to script products at the end of ’08, first half ’09, just any color you can give.
Derrick Meyer: Good question, Derrick here, yeah we’ve got internal samples of our 45 nanometer microprocessors, we’re putting them through their paces currently and we’re on track to, the plans we talked about in the past which is to start our ramp in the first half of this year and ship revenue product in the second half of this year.
Analyst for John Pitzer: Okay, thanks.  And then just thinking a little longer term, I know you had announced a while back to build a Fab in upstate New York, is it too early to give color on, A, are you still planning to go ahead with those plans, when would that spending start or is that a, “we’ll see how the market goes over the next couple years but we have capacity for ’08,” just anything you can give on how you’re thinking about that.
Hector Ruiz: There has been no change in our plans.  We’ve had the opportunity to wait on this until the summer of 2009 for us to make the decision.  We believe that it’s going to be exciting to be able to demonstrate that the growth and share growth and opportunities for us is going to demand that we do actually execute on that plan so, no change and I have to say that we look forward to being able to do it.
Analyst for John Pitzer: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis of Morgan Stanley.
Mark Lipacis: Thank you for taking my question.  Perhaps a question for Derrick, you talked about the B3 stepping getting put through the paces internally, what’s the risk that the new stepping has some type of a bug that needs more rework?  Thank you.
Derrick Meyer: Well, first of all I’ll say that the risk that by changing the design we went in and we broke something is incredibly small, I mean this was a very simple to implement risk of fix.  The risk that there’s something else lurking in the design is not zero but small.  You know the fact of the matter is these are incredibly complicated devices that if you look at any microprocessor errata sheet you do find issues but again we’re pretty confident that the design is solid, the B2 version is actually undergone substantial validation by all of our OEMs so we’re quite confident of where we sit relative to hitting the plans I talked about earlier. Mark Lipacis – Morgan Stanley Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lau of Jefferies & Co.
John Lau: Great, thank you, I wanted to take a step back on some of the more macro conditions and see where your outlook is for 2008.  We’ve heard a lot of commentary, do you see any concerns as you go into this new year in terms of excess inventory or double ordering. And then to follow up with your outlook in 2008 in terms of what the industry is going to do, double digits and I have a follow up on that, thank you.
Hector Ruiz: Derrick and Bob might have some comments to add but we are very cognizant as Derrick pointed out of all of the trepidation that’s going on in the world about the economy, both in the US and on a global perspective next year.  But I have to say we are in a unique segment of the market, it’s call the microprocessor market, where the need to drive the economic engines of growth in all the segments of the world, all the way from agriculture to automotive to computing et cetera, are incredibly demanding and the emerging markets in particularly, you know Eastern Europe, China, Middle East, Africa et cetera are in such a need of infrastructure growth and economic growth that we see those markets, even if they slow down, from 10% growth to 8% in some of those regions, we’re still talking about a significantly strong and healthy growth. So as Derrick pointed out we’re alert as a management team, on top of every single change that occurs to ensure that if anything could affect our business we can react as quickly as we can.  But the outlook for our business and I want to make sure that the microprocessor business has to be very positive.  I think the need in the world economy for that to exist, we’re optimistic and at this point in time we have not seen anything yet that would indicate that not to be the case.
John Lau: Hector, as a follow up, you mentioned flexibility, what would the average response time be for you to modulate your capacity as you’re seeing demand build up, how quickly could you ramp up your flexible capacity to respond to that?
Hector Ruiz: It’s a function of the size of the increment, you know we could run, I mean we could adjust our capacity in the 5-10% range rather quickly.  And by quickly I mean literally 30 days or so.  But you go beyond that and it gets a little bit longer.  What I think within the range of reasonableness for an expected growth beyond what we expect, I think we are in pretty good shape.
John Lau: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman of American Technology Research.
Doug Freedman: Thanks for taking my call.  A couple questions for you, not sure who wants to handle this.  If I look at the segment reporting it looks like the graphics segment didn’t improve its profitability.  Can you talk to what went on there and when you’re expecting to see some improvement in that segment?
Robert Rivet: Yeah, obviously flat revenue makes it a little bit challenging from that standpoint.  It’s really more just a function of inventory.  Old products, new products kind of working your way through so the pressure was a little bit at gross margin to cause the profitability to slip from $3 million loss to a $12 million loss.
Doug Freedman: Alright and when are the new products thought to be ramping that you should see the benefits from their gross margins?
Robert Rivet: We’ll see that beginning in the first quarter and continuing strongly in the second and third which there are two big quarters in the graphics space.  So our product lineup continues to get refreshed with new product coming out on a pretty consistent cadence which definitely will close that gap. But in that business, it is, I’ll call it less ASP issue, you don’t see a lot of ASP movement, it is really new products and get the volume on the new products.  Derrick do you want to add anything?
Derrick Meyer: Yeah just to reiterate Bob’s point, a lot of what you saw Q3 to Q4 really to put in context, Q2, Q3, Q4 and the answer is just inventory valuation fluctuation across really all three of those quarters.  Looking forward, as Bob said, we’re pretty bullish about the response the marketplace has on the 670 product, we come out with a 680 product in Q1.  Very optimistic about our OEM share growth prospects based on design wins are already awarded so looking forward we expect to grow share.
Doug Freedman: Alright and Derrick would you comment a little bit on the market that you participate in is very driven by platform wins, have you seen your customer base waver at all given the issues and execution you’ve had on the quad-core product that you’ve had in the market and since that is sort of the visibility that you have going forward, can you update us a little bit on where you stand on some of the major platform wins?
Derrick Meyer: Is your question server specific?
Doug Freedman: Server and high performance desktop.
Derrick Meyer: Okay so relative to server, the neat thing about Barcelona is it plugs into preexisting Opteron platforms.  So we’ve got a huge breadth of platforms already in existence across all the big OEMs, those platforms are all ready for Barcelona.  Some of those platforms are being in fact updated to take advantage of the so called split power plane capability of that product.  So the short answer on server is great platform breadth that Barcelona will be able to ramp right into. On the client side of the business, we’ve actually seen our design win activity continue to increase.  As an example the upcoming Puma platform has the most design wins behind it of any platform we’ve ever seen, desktop or notebook.  There’s in excess of 100 design wins across all the big OEMs on that platform.  On our quad-core desktop platform we’re seeing very good uptake and really happy with some of the uptake that we’re seeing on the commercial side of the desktop business there from some of our big OEMs. So if anything I see our platform base in ’08 being broader across the board than what it was going into ’07.
Doug Freedman: Great and Bob if I could a question for you.  Getting hopefully closer to the AssetSmart or AssetLight plan, without knowing what the details are behind that plan or what it entails, is it safe to assume that there is some sort of a cash infusion that comes as a result of those actions and if so can you talk about where the priorities are to the company as far as the use of cash?  Are you looking to sort of reduce the debt burden on the company?
Robert Rivet: And I wish I could be more helpful but right now I think that’s inappropriate to discuss if there’s cash associated with what we’re working on in AssetSmart.  Clearly I continue to be focused on fixing the balance sheet and we’ll fix the balance sheet, however we do it.
Doug Freedman: Alright, one more thing if I could.  Guidance last quarter was for op-ex to increase and it didn’t, should we think that, the company for the last few quarters has sort of been conservative on their guidance, is that something that we should carry forward for the next few quarters that you guys are going to be operationally conservative?
Robert Rivet: I’m not going to answer that question to be honest.  I mean we try to call it the way we see it.  We do things to modify and adjust accordingly in a quarter.  I mean a lot of things happen from both our costs to revenue, inventory management et cetera, so we’re trying to give our best shot of what we anticipate, what our plan is at this moment in time and then adjust accordingly.
Doug Freedman: Alright, great, thank you.
Ruth Cotter: Operator, we’ll take two more please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung of Citigroup.
Analyst for Glen Yeung: Hi this is Peter for Glen Yeung.  It sounds like for your 2008 gross margin progression I guess the question was asked a little bit around 44% first half of the year and maybe getting closer to 50 in the second half, can you give me a sense of how much of that would be volume based, in other words how much of the progression up from first half to second half is kind of predicated on the typical increase seasonally in volumes and I guess we have some pretty healthy year on year growth that we’re expecting as well.
Robert Rivet: Well just to remind everyone you know the typical pattern which has been followed, relatively, is 55% of the volume of a given year is in the back half of the year, 45% is in the first half of the year so that’s just a natural progression of however many units you want to cast, of what happens in the two periods. Really our units are an important part of the equation but what’s really important is traction on the new products.  The new products are what’s going to drive the margin improvement more than just shipping more units from that perspective, so it’s really, all the new product that we’re coming out with in the microprocessor space, graphics space and the CE space that is really going to drive the margin improvement on a quarter by quarter basis.
Analyst for Glen Yeung: So, to follow on to that, if I were to, let’s say just arguably the market grows somewhat below the 15%, how comfortable do you feel that with the new products you’re introducing, you can get enough movement up the price stacks that you’re still getting to the midpoint of maybe your gross margin guidance, I guess that’s really what I’m thinking about.
Robert Rivet: We’re pretty confident.  We’re confident based upon, a lot of these products are not, I’ll call it early in the design stage or actually in the tail end of the design stage like Puma is a good example.  That products not out there in the marketplace but as Derrick said that platform is getting designed in quite a bit.  There will be incremental margin associated with selling that platform.  So our confidence level is pretty high that we will maintain and improve gross margin as we go through 2008.
Analyst for Glen Yeung: And can I sneak in one last thing quickly.  You may actually not have an answer to this but I’m just curious, when you think about, I know you have better visibility to how many platforms you’re designed into, but especially on the server side, do you have any visibility into let’s say the size of your installed base and I guess in the first half of the year how having quad-core might sell into the current installed base and how, kind of follow on, might be an expansion of your install base.  In other words, how much of what you’re thinking about is sales into your current installed base versus an expansion of your installed base is what I’m looking for.
Derrick Meyer: Derrick here, it’s hard to answer that question quantitatively.  But what I can tell you is within the enterprise community there certainly are a number of enterprises that have evaluated and adopted wholesale our Opteron technology and have therefore been looking eagerly for Barcelona so clearly those would be the enterprises into which we ramp up Barcelona the most quickly but we also plan to gain new customers in enterprise with Barcelona and extend our installed base.
Analyst for Glen Yeung: Great, that’s helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree: Thanks for fitting me in guys.  Derrick, could we go back to comments you made about design wins in the graphics segment.  Can you give any more color to where you’re seeing success there?
Derrick Meyer: Sure, what I think is best to do is to reference you back to the presentation that Rick Bergman gave at the analyst conference, I think he had a specific slide that actually provided numeric granularity there, all I can tell you is across both desktop and notebook we’ve gotten substantial design win activity and expect actually to have a fairly dominant share position on an OEM level in both desktop and notebook as platforms get refreshed in the spring.
Cody Acree: So as we kind of head into Q2 and into the summer months we should see that drop to your bottom line?
Derrick Meyer: Exactly.
Cody Acree: Great and then just very lastly, for Bob, can you give us any help on what you expect for taxes through ’08.
Robert Rivet: Roughly $15 million a quarter from that perspective of tax expense, which is pretty much what I talked to you about at the analyst day in December, but right around that $15 million a quarter.
Cody Acree: Great, thanks and congrats guys.
Ruth Cotter: Okay and we’d like to thank everybody for participating in the call and there will be a webcast replay and a telephone replay of this call.  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for joining, this concludes today’s AMD earnings call,  you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-19 18:00:00) =====
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the AMD third quarter 2007earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn theconference over to Mr. Michael Haase, Director of Investor Relations for AMD.Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Haase: Thank you and welcome to AMD's third quarter earningsconference call. Our participants today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman of theBoard and CEO; Dirk Meyer, our President and COO; and Bob Rivet, our CFO. This is call is a live broadcast and will be replayed at AMD.com.The telephone replay number is 800.642.1687. Outside of the United  States, the number is 706.645.9291. Theaccess code for both is 18461849. The telephone replay will be available forthe next ten days starting this evening. I would like to call to your attention that our Q4 2007earnings quiet time will begin at the close of business Friday, December 14th.Also, we are hosting our financial analyst day on Thursday, December 13th in New  York City. Additional details will be provided as weget closer to the day. Before we begin today's call, I would like to cautioneveryone that we will be making forward-looking statements about management'sexpectations. Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements arebased on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of thecurrent date, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actualresults to differ materially from our current expectations as set forth in theforward-looking statements. The semiconductor industry is generally volatile and marketconditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Because our actual resultsmay differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you toreview our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business andrisk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results todiffer materially from those in our forward-looking statements.  You will find detailed discussions in our mostrecent SEC filing, AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dirk Meyer.
Dirk Meyer: Thank you, Mike. We're encouraged by the progress we made inthe third quarter. We improved our gross margins; we cut our operating loss bymore than half and improved our cash flow. We executed well across each of ourmajor lines of business and in all of the key components of our plan, including:growing the top line, increasing internal efficiencies and continuing ourtransition to new technologies. Our revenue was up 18% sequentially, fueled by a steady flowof new products and robust demand for our offerings. We saw another quarter ofgreat demand for AMD mobile processors. Mobile processor revenues were up 43%sequentially, to an all time record due to strong customer response to the AMDvalue proposition and our innovative brand strategies. We saw continued strong performance in our desktop processorbusiness, particularly in the channel, where we sold record unit volume in thequarter. We began shipping our new quad-core AMD Opteron processors in thequarter with customer excitement and demand quite high. While our initialproduction ramp of quad-core Opterons has been slower than anticipated, weexpect quad-core Opteron will be widely available by the middle of this quarter;and, we expect to ship hundreds of thousands of quad-core processors thisquarter into the server and desktop segments. GPU revenues grew 29% sequentially, led by robust adoptionof our ATI Radeon HD 2000 family. We're encouraged by the widespread andgrowing customer response to AMD-based platforms. A great example of this is thecombination of our processors and AMD 690 chipsets in systems from HP, Lenovo,NEC, Packard Bell, Samsung and Toshiba and we're particularly pleased withToshiba's announcement this week to introduce commercial notebooks based on theAMD Turion 64 processors and our AMD 690 chipset. Looking ahead, customer and end user anticipation is growingfor our upcoming Spider platform, the ultimate gaming enthusiast platformfeaturing AMD Phenom processors, RD 790 chipsets and RV 670 graphics cards. TheSpider platform is proof positive of AMD's commitment to deliver the ultimatevisual experience and remains on track for launch in November. In the area of increasing internal efficiencies,manufacturing performance in fab 36 inDresden remained strong, exceedingtargets for output, yield and cycle time. We remain on schedule to shutdown fab30 before the end of this year in preparation for transitioning that facilityto 300 millimeter. Our supply chain transformation efforts are starting toproduce results, where we did a particularly good job matching product deliveryto customer demands while at the same time reducing inventories. We have controlled the growth of operating expenses and willcontinue to focus on increasing the efficiency of all areas of the company,including R&D, sales, marketing and administration. Finally, we continued our transition to new technologies ineach of our businesses. We completed the transition to 65 nanometer technologyin fab 36 in Q2,and as I said, will be transitioning fab 30 this quarter to a 300 millimeter tool set and asa result, our mainstream processor business will be based on 65 nanometer 300 millimeter technology aswe leave this year. We're looking forward to ramping 45 nanometer product productionin the first half of next year, and in our graphics processor business, we willlaunch the RV 670, the world's first 55 nanometer GPU in the fourth quarter. For the second quarter in a row, we grew our revenues and believewe gained CPU market share. We introduced new products, we drove increasedefficiencies in manufacturing and will continue to do so across the entirety ofour business. In summary, we made good strides to put AMD on course toapproach profitable operating performance in the current quarter, and we willnot be satisfied until we achieve sustained profitability, but were encouragedby the past quarter's improvement and by our continued strong customerrelationships. With that, I'll turn it over to Bob.
Bob Rivet: Thank you, Dirk. We improved our performance in the thirdquarter, improving the gross margin and significantly reducing our operatingloss, as planned. We also reduced our operating expenses while establishingall-time records in microprocessor unit shipments, microprocessor unitshipments into the distribution channel, notebook processor sales, and notebookprocessor unit shipments. These records drove AMD's third quarter revenue to $1.362billion, up 18% sequentially and up 23% compared to the third quarter of 2006.We recorded a net loss of $0.71 per share in the quarter. This loss includescharges of: (1) $76 million or $0.14 per share from ATIacquisition-related integration and severance charges, which I call ARC; and (2) $42 million or $0.08 per share charge associated withthe impairment of our holding and the common stock of Spansion. Excluding ARC, we had an operating loss of $148 million inthe quarter, a 61% improvement from the prior quarter. As detailed in our pressrelease, third quarter gross margin increased to 41%. This compares to a grossmargin of 33% in the second quarter of 2007. The 8 point increase in the priorquarter was largely driven by record microprocessor shipments, improvedmanufacturing efficiencies, inventory management, and a richer microprocessorand graphic product mix. As I outlined last quarter, gross margin was negativelyimpact by an inventory charge of $30 million, or 2 percentage points, for oldergeneration microprocessor material. Therefore, operational third quarter grossmargin improved by 6 percentage points from the last quarter. As guided, total operating expenses which include R&Dand SG&A were down $21 million from the prior quarter. Cash flow fromoperation was a positive $223 million for the quarter, a significantimprovement from last quarter; and adjusted EBITDA was positive $60 million,another solid improvement over our second quarter performance. A reconciliationto operating loss and EBITDA in accordance with GAAP is available in our pressrelease. Now, switching to the business segments. Computing solutionsrevenue was $1.283 billion, up 17% from the prior quarter, primarily driven bya 19% increase in microprocessor revenue. Microprocessor unit shipmentsincreased 16% sequentially. We achieved sequential double-digit revenueincreases for our notebook and desktop product lines. Notebook processor unitshipments growth remained strong, increasing 41% sequentially and 68%year-over-year. We significantly reduced our operating loss in the computingsolutions segment to $112 million in the third quarter, $146 million less thanlast quarter. Switching to the graphic segment. Revenue of $252 milliongrew solidly compared to the second quarter. Sales of the ATI Radeon HD 2000series were strong, representing more than half of the graphic processor salesfor the quarter. Design win momentum continues to be strong. Operating loss inthe graphic segment was $3 million, a $47 million improvement from lastquarter. Consumer electronics segment revenue was $97 million, up $12million from the prior quarter. Handheld sales were higher than prior quarterand gaming console royalties increased. Third quarter operating loss was $3million, a $19 million improvement from the prior quarter. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. Cash and marketablesecurities balance at the end of the quarter was $1.528 billion, down $66million from the second quarter. This includes $118 million representing thevalue of our holding in Spansion common stock, which has been reclassified forlong-term investments to marketable securities, and we netted $1.48 billionfrom our 5.75% convertible debt offering in the third quarter, and used theproceeds with additional cash of $200 million to repay in full the $1.7 billionoutstanding balance of the term loan used to acquire ATI. As previously outlined during the last earning call, we hadapproximately $800 million in non-operational cash generating opportunities. Wecollected approximately $200 million in the third quarter through the sale of aportion of our Spansion investment; 200 millimeter tool sales; andadministrative asset sales. We expect to execute our plan to capture theremaining amount in the coming quarters. Total inventory at the end of the third quarter was $839million, down $53 million from the prior quarter. Days of inventory outstandingfinished at 80 days, an improvement of nine days from the second quarter. Ourinventory is fresh with the vast majority of microprocessor inventory DDR2compatible and more than 70% of our GPU inventory comprised of the new HD 2000family. Now let's talk about the outlook. AMD's outlook statementfor the fourth quarter is based on current expectations. The followingstatements are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially fromcurrent expectations. In a seasonally up fourth quarter, AMD expects revenue toincrease in line with seasonality. Operating expenses, which include R&D,SG&A, and employee stock-based compensation are expected to be up approximately6% compared to the third quarter, primarily driven by investments in newprocess technology. ARC charges are expected to be approximately $75 million. Weexpect to have a tax expense of approximately $25 million. Depreciation andamortization are expected to be about $290 million, and capital expendituresare expected to be approximately $300 million. For the year, we expect capitalexpenditures to be approximately $1.7 billion. In summary, we made good progress in the third quarter andwe look forward to continuing to move the needle in the right direction in thefourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Hector for some finalremarks.
Hector Ruiz: Thank you, Bob. As you heard today, we have made solidprogress on our plan toward a profitable model while continuing to invest inthe products and technology for our long-term success. We will continue toexercise operating cost control and accelerate our efficiency thrust across theboard. We expect continued improvement in gross margins whilemaintaining our momentum on the development and ramp of new technologies. Wesold record units through the microprocessor channel and launched a new productcycle in each of our major business units. While we still have much more important work to do, ourprogress on each of these fronts is significant and gives us additionalconfidence to continue the wholesale industry transformation that I outlined inthe last quarter. Demand for the AMD value proposition is strong and customerscontinue to want more; more products that much their needs and valuepropositions, more integrated platforms and solutions and more customer-centricinnovation and more competition. Our customers want choice and their decisionto involve AMD in their business is very strategic. Nearly a year after our acquisition of ATI Technologies, theresults of the industry change and action are both real and demonstrable in thestrength of our evolving relationship with key customers like Dell, HP, IBM,Sun, Acer and now Toshiba, in a growing portfolio of breakthrough products likeour Radeon HD 2000 series, the AMD 690 and upcoming RD 790 chipsets; theunprecedented performance, and performance characteristic of our AMD quad-coreOpteron processors and soon to be released AMD Phenom quad-core desktopprocessors; in the form of game-changing platforms like our upcoming Spideroffering, our forthcoming Puma platforms and the promise of fusion in anexciting new future of accelerated computing. Every one of our business units is entering an exciting newproduct cycle, with the added opportunity to deliver increasing value to ourcustomers. We are very encouraged by our progress, but are dissatisfiedwith our financial results. We're working diligently to bring this company backto profitability as soon as possible. But as I mentioned last time, we remaincommitted to our unique opportunity for industry leadership and to thestrategic course that we have set to achieve that end. We're making strongprogress in new products, in R&D, in our technology transitions. Finally, I know that you are all interested in learningabout the progress we're making on our asset life strategy. We have a bold andsubstantive plan and we have made significant progress in validating it.Meanwhile, as I have told you before, for competitive and business relationshipreasons we will not be presenting details of our plan in progress until we putthat plan in action. What I can report to you today is that we have madeconsiderable progress in our preparations and I'm personally very excited aboutit. We are positioned for success and have an exciting future ahead of us. Once again, I want to thank our customers for their support,our investors for their confidence, and most of all our employees for their unwaveringcommitment to help us win. Now back to Mike for the Q&A.
Mike Haase: Thanks, Hector.Operator, can we begin the Q&A process, please?
Operator: Your first question comes from Krishna Shankar - JMPSecurities.
Krishna Shankar: Congratulations on the good progress in the quarter. Can youtalk about the server business? What that did in Q2 and the outlook for growthin the server business in Q3? You mentioned hundreds of thousands of quad-core,but I wanted to get a sense for how the older Opteron business did in Q2 andthe growth trajectory in Q3. Secondly for Bob, the trajectory for gross margins in Q4,given you have a better mix and seasonality in Q4.
Dirk Meyer: First of all, I think when you were referring to Q2, youactually meant Q3?
Krishna Shankar: That's correct.
Dirk Meyer: We shipped tens of thousands of quad-core Opterons in Q3. Thatdidn't have a material contribution to the overall server business in Q3 so asa result, Q2 to Q3 we were roughly flat to down a little bit. As I said, weexpected to ship hundreds of thousands of quad-core CPUs in both server anddesktop in Q4, and we'll substantially increase the number of quad-core server processorsshipped in Q4.
Bob Rivet: To the question of gross margin, clearly, we're pleased withour results in the third quarter. Fourth quarter is seasonally up in additionto the new product offerings that Dirk just talked about of continuing on theback of the GPU offering that we saw some significant progress in the third. Thequad-core offerings that will continue in the fourth quarter, we expect grossmargin to improve but it won't be at the same rate you saw the improvement fromsecond quarter to third quarter; butdirectionally, up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely – JP Morgan.
Chris Danely: Can you just sketch out a path to profitability and give usa sense of what sort of revenue level or what sort of milestones you need tohit to become profitable?
Bob Rivet: To me, to repeat where I was a quarter ago is, clearly ourgoal is to make money in any given quarter. But clearly as I talked aboutthere, we needed to be approaching the $2 billion revenue level and north of40% gross margin to achieve that kind of goal since we're not going to cut ourway to make the bottom line happen. We're on a path. We made good progress in the third quarter,got above the 40% on the gross margin. Clearly not there in the sales level.We'll see in fourth quarter. Our goal is to breakeven, and maybe we have a shotat it but to me, the directional path we're going  is still approaching a $2 billion top linenumber to drive a bottom line of breakeven.
Chris Danely: When do you guys expect to start shipping either at 2.4GHzor 2.5GHz Barcelona?
Dirk Meyer: The plans that we have haven't changed from what we talkedabout around the timeframe of the Barcelonalaunch, which is to ship the 2.5GHz product in the middle of this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest.
JoAnne Feeney: Congratulations on a nice quarter. A couple of questions onthe breakdown of sales if we could talk about that for a minute. Could youdescribe, perhaps, your ASPs by desktop and notebook? It looks like in theaggregate they went up by about 3 percentage points, but did you see anydifference really between the notebook and the desktop space there?
Bob Rivet: Joanne, this is Bob. In the client space, whether it was inthe notebook or desktop, we actually saw improvement in ASP in both categories.A slight decline in the server space, but it drove the overall to be up. Bothclients were up quarter on quarter.
JoAnne Feeney: So in the notebook space, it sounds like if the pricecompetition that Intel spoke about really sounds like it was confined to theconsumer space then. Is that right?
Bob Rivet: Well, that's theplace we mostly play in. We continue to try to expand in the commercial space,but our notebook offering sits squarely in the consumer space.
JoAnne Feeney: Others have been concerned about double booking. Are youfolks seeing any evidence of that going into the fourth quarter?
Bob Rivet: No, not at all. Theindications from the current quarter were a lot of sellthrough, particularly inthe distribution channel. We're at a very low level of weeks of inventory andthe signals we continue to get from OEMs is very bullish and strong that unitsare moving quite quickly. So, we don't feel there's any overbooking at all.
JoAnne Feeney: Then if I look atyour breakeven path here, it does seem that given the trajectory we're seeingso far in gross margins, even if that does tail off a bit for the fourthquarter, if you guys continue at the pace you're going into terms of unitshipments and gross margin improvements, even if that's a little slower, itdoes seem if I have the math right, then it looks more likely that you'll breakevenin Q4 than a quarter ago. Is that right?
Bob Rivet: Thank you. I can't argue with your math. Like I said,everything needs to work, it is not just one business that drives thatequation. It is all of the businesses moving at the appropriate speed. Some ofthem are different in the seasonality of the fourth quarter but clearly if weget to $2 billion, I think we can do it.
JoAnne Feeney: Finally if I could, just on the graphics side, it is aneglected part of a business often in these discussions, but it does seems likeyou've been doing better in the mainstream. Do you feel like going into thefourth quarter that you're getting more traction in the mainstream, and do youthink you can really break in at the high-end enthusiast segment?
Dirk Meyer: We're actually feeling pretty good about the graphicsbusiness, first, based on very good OEM design win momentum, a lot of whichturns into business late this year and  muchof it actually next year. A lot of the business that we did this quarter was inthe channel where the response has been pretty strong. Based on the upcomingrelease of the RV 670, we're pretty bullish about being able to participate ina bigger and more profitable piece of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers.
Tim Luke: Nice job on theexecution. I was wondering if you could just remind us of the 45 nanometer roadmap and the movement there? I think you talked about the first half of '08.
Dirk Meyer: First, we are on track relative to having basic yields inplace in our factories on material that we're running today. We're building 45nanometer microprocessors as we speak and those two facts give us increasingconfidence in the public statements we've been making for some time around ourintent to be starting our production ramp of 45 nanometer processors in thefirst half of next year.
Tim Luke: Any clarity within how you define first half  with respect to the second quarter?
Dirk Meyer: No, other than tojust stop at the words “first half”.
Tim Luke: Bob, on your inventory level lower in the third quarter, howdo you see that developing going forward and where do you want that to be?
Bob Rivet: Well, it is hard to imagine with the seasonal strength ofthe fourth quarter that we won't -- even if we try real hard  -- that inventories won't decline.  I expect to go out of the year with lessinventory than I have today and then try to repeat that pattern as we gothrough next year. Inventories I expect to drain in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Freedman - Am TechResearch.
Doug Freedman: Thanks for taking my questions. One of them was just touchedon, and that is the progress of the 45 nanometer ramp. Is there any more coloryou can offer as far as where you see those products targeted, where we shouldsee the 45 nanometer products first?
Dirk Meyer: I think we'll providemore detail when we have the analyst conference in December but roughlyspeaking, server and desktop will be the first to benefit.
Doug Freedman: In the past you've talked about Bobcat and Bulldozer. Anyprogress and update on where those cores are at and how that progress isprogressing?
Dirk Meyer: It is tough to providemeaningful detail in this call. That's probably something better left for ananalyst conference as well.
Doug Freedman: Let me try one more then. With the ATI progress and  the magnitude of improvement, should weconsider that what we saw in September, is that a full quarter of improvement? Shouldwe expect that to continue to accelerate in the December quarter?
Bob Rivet: No. Particularly inthe GPU business you're seeing a full quarter of improvement. We launched thatnew series of products in mid spring so  wedidn't have a full second quarter impact, we had a full third quarter impact. Maybeyou don't realize, but seasonally actually, the fourth quarter is not strong inthe GPU marketplace. It is actually typically flat to slightly down. We'll haveto work real hard to grow sales quarter on quarter, which we'll do, but it ishard to make a lot of progress if you don't have it from the top line.
Doug Freedman: In your commentary you stated that some of the charges wererelated to severance and asset impairment. Can you help us understand exactlywhat actions? I know there's been some action plans put in place. Maybe sinceyou don't want to talk about things that are forward-looking, can you give ussome idea about what actions have taken place already?
Bob Rivet: Well, we've had a multiple-prong attack to addressintegration issues, integration opportunities where we had redundancy indifferent categories where we needed to eliminate those resources. Then we'vebeen proactive in, I'll call it performance management, to step up and dealwith some people who weren't doing as well as we thought they should. So thosetwo actions have yielded over the last two quarters, we've actually reducedsome to allow us to upgrade the organization as we go forward or to eliminatethe redundancies in the G&A areas where you just didn't need to have thesame people doing the same thing because of two public companies. You're seeing that in the acquisition of intangible assets andintegration charges line on the P&L, which is right above operating income.Unfortunately, in some of those cases people actually had to leave the company.
Hector Ruiz: Bob, the comments on asset impairment?
Bob Rivet: The asset impairment, which is below operating income whichended up being $42 million, that's just reflecting the value of the Spansionstock which has been more permanently impaired since it has been sitting around$8 for quite a long period of time, which was more than our current book valuewhen we wrote it down to the appropriate level and took the non-cash charge inthe quarter.
Doug Freedman: One last one on just the pricing outlook. We heard yourmajor competitor there say that there's actually a possibility that they can'thandle more upside. They burned a ton of inventory in the quarter. What's youroutlook as far as the overall pricing environment? What are you seeing outthere? How competitive is it for new business?
Dirk Meyer: First of all, we didn't see a qualitative change in theenvironment from Q2 to Q3. Where we compete with the other guy, I would call italways competitive, but it didn't change Q2 to Q3, and we're not expecting muchof a change Q3 to Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: On the top line guidance for the calendar fourth quarter, givenhow strong and how much above seasonality Q3 was, why the confidence aroundnormal seasonal for Q4?
Hector Ruiz: First of all, across the board, we're going into a quarterwith optimism on one hand and some cautious concerns on the other. Let meoutline those for you. First of all, the demand for products from all of theregions around the world, particularly in the emerging markets, is very, verysolid; very strong. But when we look at what our customers are telling us, noneof them have changed -- at least as of today -- their plans. They're telling usthat they also have a concern on three areas: One is there are  spotty places where plastic appears to be inshortage. There are also spotty places where they see displays being difficultto obtain. That also applies to a concern they have over the fact that the majorfire in Japan where the battery factory pretty much got put out of business, allof that has caused a little bit of uncertainty into the quarter. But other than those three issues which are yet to bequantified by any of our customers, the optimism into the quarter is strong andparticularly strong in the emerging regions.
John Pitzer: Hector, above seasonal Q3, in line seasonal Q4, any view onwhat that might do to the first half of next year? Are we setting up for abelow seasonal correction in Q1 or do you think there's offsets?
Hector Ruiz: I think that's prettyhard to predict. We will try to create it to our liking, but I can't tell youright now. I think if those three issues I talked about don’t impact the consumptionof product in the fourth quarter, we will go into a reasonably normal firstquarter.
John Pitzer: With Penron coming out here in mid-November, how do youthink that might impact Barcelonaadoption and volume ramps there? Or do you feel like the 2.4GHz and 2.5GHzparts will offset the introduction here?
Dirk Meyer: Based on the inputwe're getting from our customers and end users, there is a lot of demand for Barcelona,I tell you. We're just seeing people licking their chops and ready to get theirhands on the product. Clearly, going from two cores to four cores is a bigincremental increase in capability in the Opteron line that we think is goingto provide some benefit to the business here
John Pitzer: CapEx currently going to move fab 30 to 300 millimeter. If you look atthe plan for next year, how should we think about CapEx from the $1.7 billionlevel?
Bob Rivet: I don't want to get into discussing 2008 forecast at thispoint in time. That's what I'll set up in the December analyst conference. Togive you at least a directional, right now I would say it is flat to down fornext year for capital expenditures.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wu - Global CrownCapital.
David Wu: Can you clarify two points for me, please? The first one is,did you say the operating expenses would be increasing 6% quarter on quarter inQ4? If so, what happened to the 500 headcount reduction savings that hasoccurred or should be occurring at this point? A second one I have is regarding the RV 670 launch, which iswell anticipated to be next month, when does it really hit your revenue line? SinceQ4, I guess it is a little late to have much of an impact for Q4.
Bob Rivet: Let me tackle your first one. And then Dirk can handle thesecond one. The first one is  yes, youheard me correctly. Expenses for R&D and SG&A will be up from the thirdquarter around 6%. That includes stock option expense. To your question of, so where is the savings we have talkedabout? You saw some of it in the current quarter. A lot of that increase in thefourth quarter as I made in my prepared remarks is for process technologydevelopment as we continue to prepare for that 45 nanometer transition thatDirk talked about. So it isn't people-related it is more experiment-related. Wecontinue to backfill those people that we had performance issues with, withbetter employees. Our goal is to continue to invest appropriately in theR&D line and to prepare ourselves for the next process technologymigration.
David Wu: While you're answeringthat question, can you answer a dictionary question -- what on Earth is atypical seasonal fourth quarter?
Hector Ruiz: Unfortunately, we're in an environment today, as Bob pointedout in some of his remarks, with the GPU business as an example where it isvery strong third quarter and not as strong fourth quarter; and the CPUbusiness, which tends to be actually the opposite, you are right. It gets a lottougher for us to anticipate what seasonality really means. What we intended to say was if the market grows at X percentin the fourth quarter, then generally for the business in which we participate,we expect to be in that range.
Dirk Meyer: On the RV 670 question, when we launch the product weanticipate doing so with cards available in channels and therefore, we willdrive revenue in the quarter. Obviously, with a mid-quarter launch and on a quarter-billionrevenue basis, that's not going to contribute materially to the quarter but itwill provide some upside.
David Wu: Could it offset a seasonally weak fourth quarter in thatkind of business?
Dirk Meyer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS.
Uche Orji: Congratulations on a very strong performance. Just veryquickly on the graphics, a little bit more clarity for me. It may seempresumptuous for me to conclude that you took a significant amount of marketshare. Did you get a sense that you took some share? If you can just clarifyfor me how much confidence you have going forward that level of performance is sustainableand not just pent up demand for the products that you launched?
Dirk Meyer: First of all, I'll say it is hard for us at this point toreally make confident proclamations on GPU share fluctuations, just because ofthe way that business works, in particular the way the add-in board businessworks as an ecosystem. With respect to the second part of your question, a lot ofour view of the forward-looking potential in the business comes from the designwin activity that we generate with our OEMs. That's a leading signal as to howcompetitive our products will be when they come out. As I said in the preparedremarks, we're pretty optimistic based on those interactions.
Uche Orji: Just another question on R&D, if you're going to beramping 45 nanometer in the first half, how should we think of R&D spendingsubsequent to that ramp for the rest of 2008 and beyond? Should we expect thatto start to tail off?
Bob Rivet: Again, I'll provide a lot more color at the December analystmeeting, but  I view it this way.  45 then turns into 32. So, you're continuingto always make investments in process technology with bumps, so there's that. Wecontinue to enhance our capabilities in design, so it is hard to call at thispoint exactly where I would peg those numbers.  I'll give you more in December. But we don'twant R&D investment to go down per sae.
Uche Orji: Just on the gross margins, the fall through sequentially wasquite significant. How much of that was 65 nanometer contributing on the costside, or how much of that was early demand from Barcelonaor just servers in general? If you can just explain it in terms of 65 nanometerproducts and just help me understand.
Bob Rivet: Back to my prepared remarks, we had record microprocessorunit shipments; that helped. That was very little affected by the Barcelonalaunch so there's very few units of Barcelonain there. We improved the ASP quarter on quarter. We had more 65 nanometer thanthe prior quarter. Manufacturing continues to get higher yields, moreefficiency. We improved inventory management. So it really was no singularitem. It was a lot of little things by each of the business, whether it was theGPU business or the CPU business that yielded that 6 point operational improvementquarter on quarter. Hard to sustain, as you said which I wouldn't say anybodyshould forecast at that kind of rate.
Uche Orji: Finally back again on graphics in terms of RV 670, what kindof early feel are you getting from the customer base for this product?
Dirk Meyer: Customers are goingto love it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri: You said you expect to grow in line with the end demand in Q4.You've been gaining share in notebooks and it also looks you at least have acouple of new products that you expect to take further share in. I'm justcurious, is there anything else that you're seeing that makes you morecautious? Why don't you expect to grow faster than the end demand in Q4?
Hector Ruiz: Let's just be totally candid here. Why would we want tostick our neck out on a number that frankly is very difficult to predict rightnow in the fourth quarter? We want to continue to increase our shareparticipation in the mobile space, we believe we can. But I don't think it isprudent at all to try to pick a number, other than to tell you that it is ourgoal to continuously increase and improve our participation in that space.
Srini Pajjuri: Fair enough. One question on the CapEx. You mentioned itwill be flat to down. I remember on the analyst day you put out a chart thatshowed some capacity in terms of unit numbers. Given the efficiency that you'reachieving in manufacturing and also the demand that you're seeing, is there anychange to that outlook in terms of your capacity that you expect to have in2008?
Bob Rivet: Again, I don't want to get into the details of 2008, but wecontinue to toggle how much capability we want to have in place to produceunits. Right now, I would say probably we're less than we were a year ago atthat point in time in how many units we expect to produce in 2008. We'llquantify that more in December.
Srini Pajjuri: Just so I understand, as you have achieve more efficiencies,you expect to put that money back on to your balance sheet?
Bob Rivet: Correct. Instead of just building inventory for the sake ofbuilding inventory, we would like to build inventory and turn around and sellit. Clearly, we'll take the advantages we see from manufacturing and let thatflow through the business whether it is the balance sheet or the P&L.
Srini Pajjuri: Just one clarification on the OpEx side. Is there a steadystate or normalized number for OpEx?  I washoping it would come down a bit more. I'm wondering after you ran the 45nanometer, should we expect a steady state now for OpEx?
Bob Rivet: I guess the simple answer is no. I mean, we continue tobelieve we have a business model that will gain share and grow the top line,and therefore we will continue to invest appropriately. We will see thepercentages of cost as a percentage of revenue to decline. Absolute dollars isdependent on the business conditions in that moment in time. So there is nosteady state.
Hector Ruiz: This is not a steady state business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda - Banc of AmericaSecurities.
Sumit Dhanda: Bob, you talked about -- again, not to belabor the point --but talked about reducing discretionary spending, headcount. But as I look atit assuming a normal quarter here in Q4, it will be up to about $1.8 billion,$1.9 billion in revenues give or take; but the operating expenses are stillrunning about $100 million or so higher than where they were when you wereregistering comparable revenues last year. I'm unclear as to exactly what measures you've taken andmore importantly, how they've really impacted the operating expense structureto drive profitability.
Bob Rivet: Well as we've said all along, we're not going to cut our wayto prosperity. It is about growing the top line and getting the appropriatemargin from the manufacturing organization and making  appropriate investments in R&D to pull usinto even higher growth rates. We continue to invest in process technology development andin R&D for the multitude of products that you see coming out right now andyou'll see coming out near term and then long term. So we continue to try tooptimize the situation, but we're not backing off on our spending in R&D.
Dirk Meyer: One furtherclarification. A year-on-year comparison Q4 this year to Q4 last year, you haveto be careful because we didn't have the former ATI businesses as part of thecompany for all 13 weeks of the quarter in Q4, point 1. Point 2 being we came out of 2006 growing pretty rapidly.Our people and resources and capability in the CPU business and it reallyflattened out that growth, starting late in the first half of this year.
Srini Pajjuri: I wasn't comparing Q4. My point here would be that while ATIis part of your business now. It's a moot point whether you had it then or youdidn't.  I guess I'm a littledisappointed that the cost cuts aren't coming faster than anticipated. We'lljust let that go. Dirk, I had a question for you. On the Barcelonaramp you said it materialized a little slower than anticipated and your speedgrades haven't been targeting the top end right off the bat. There has beensome speculation that perhaps your yields on 65 nanometer specifically as itrelates to Barcelona is the issuehere. Any comments you would want to make or a differentexplanation you would want to offer up on why Barcelona'sspeed grades aren't as fast as you would like them to be?
Dirk Meyer: First of all, I'll say that the basic silicon yields of Barcelonaare right where we expected them to be. They're right line on line with theprevious 65 nanometer products from a deep activity and overall yieldperspective. The issue has been simply one of tuning the design to thetechnology so as to support a high volume ramp. It is that particular issuethat caused us to take a few extra weeks before we turn on the high volume rampin the middle of this quarter.
Sumit Dhanda: In other words, there's nothing endemic to your processtechnology that is problematic or which might spill over to your 45 nanometerramp?
Dirk Meyer: No. The minor issueswe've been experiencing have nothing to do with the process technology or themanufacturing capabilities. It is all a matter of wedding the design to thetechnology so as to be able to ship in volume.
Sumit Dhanda: Anything else you could share along those lines in terms ofdetails as what the issues have been in wedding your designs with your processtechnology?
Dirk Meyer: I don't think in thisforum.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung - Citi.
Glen Yeung: Just to follow up onthe last question, you made the point about defect density. Is your defectdensity the same per unit or per square inch of silicon?
Dirk Meyer: Per square inch ofsilicon.
Glen Yeung: I know we're all trying to pinpoint you to a number here, butwhen you say fourth quarter is growing relative to whatever seasonality isgoing to be, is the current view that the demand outlook looks pretty normalversus normal seasonality? Because your competitor did not guide for normalseasonal. I wonder if you're benchmarking to them or benchmarking to what onemight call more normalized growth.
Bob Rivet: You can't ignore the market leader comments and statementsso to some degree, they're setting the tone and have a much broader view ofwhat's going on in the market place because they're still the dominant player.So, I think they're the best indication of seasonality.
Glen Yeung: The other question I want to ask, and I'm not asking you fora number per sae, but can you give us a sense as to utilization now? Is it a highnumber for you net? Do you feel like you're running your factories pretty full?What's the potential that you don't have enough capacity as you move into allof 2008, really?
Hector Ruiz: The philosophy we have in running our factories is that wehave been ramping fab 36 incapability for quite some time. We're not yet at its maximum capacity. As weramp, as we continue to add capability for fab 36, we continue to utilize it.We don't ramp it and not use it. So from that perspective, we use the capacity reasonablywell. But on the other side is as you heard today, is we have shut down fab 30,we are transitioning out to fab 38, and we're doing it in such a way that fab 38is going to be like a race car idling in the pit stop. I mean, we will beprepared to ramp that quickly, should we need extra capacity in that space; whichfrankly, we hope we do. But at this point in time, we're planning to have fab 38 at  modest activity in 2008.
Glen Yeung: You remind me of yourFerrari laptops. Hector, you're basically saying you feel like you have someflexibility in the way you're managing your capacity for next year, andobviously there's some lag between your expectation of capacity needs and whatmay actually materialize. But you feel like you've got enough flexibility tomanage; you're not materially over or undersupplying.
Hector Ruiz: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: You mentioned that the interest level for the new Barcelonachip is quite high. How can we gauge the success of that in replacing existingcustomers? Were they upgrade versus bringing new customers in to switch over toyour platforms? If you could just discuss the success you're seeing on thosetwo vectors, please.
Dirk Meyer: First, when you use the term customer you may mean somethingdifferent than what we mean when we say customer. To me, the customers are thepeople we sell the chip to, which is the OEMs. At this point, we've got a broadassortment of Opteron-based systems from all of the major OEMs already and Barcelonawill just provide a seamless upgrade path into those systems. Perhaps you meant interest at the end user level.
Ross Seymore: Actually, both.
Dirk Meyer: At the end user level, we're seeing a lot of interest bothamongst installations that are already Opteron installations and newopportunities. As I said, we've already got a broad assortment of OEM serverproducts across blades, 2p, 4p racks and so on.
Ross Seymore: As I think about the ASP side of that equation, how should Ijudge the ASP bump you may or may not get because of Barcelonacoming into your server mix? If you want to talk about it in a relative term,if you can contrast that versus the ASP bump you got when you put Opteron outin the first place.
Dirk Meyer: Honestly, it is more difficult to predict the ASP effectwithin the server line. It depends on the effect of the competition, thecompetitiveness on the competition’s part. But in terms of overall effect onour ASP, the extent we drive more server business, we drive a richer mix ofproduct overall and drive up ASPs for the microprocessor product line overallas a result, which is a good thing.
Ross Seymore: That brings over all mix, but it is still up in the airwhether Barcelona's launch willincrease the server segment ASPs. Is that a summary of what you just said?
Dirk Meyer: Yes I would say that, although I would also say we alreadyhave a relatively dominant position in the highest ASP area of servers which isfour-socket servers. And the incremental opportunity for Barcelonais in the two-socket space.
Ross Seymore: In the last question on the ASP side you talked about in thelast quarter that both your desktop and notebook ASPs went up, which I thinkthat's the first time that's happened in a while. Congratulations on that.Could you give us a little more color as to what was happening with that? Is itless pricing pressure at that low end, or are you moving up the stack, or whatdynamic is driving the ASP up?
Dirk Meyer: I would say it was just reasonably good discipline on ourpart in terms of identifying the business we thought was good and taking it, somodest mix up shift.
Ross Seymore: Hector, you mentioned that you weren't going to go into anydetails about the fab strategy quite yet. Could you give us any rough idea ofwhen we might be expecting to hear some more details from you?
Hector Ruiz: I'm going to have totell you that I'm going to do that when we actually do it. I'm sorry.
Ross Seymore: Is it fair to assume we might get a little bit at theanalyst day in December or is it just wait and see?
Hector Ruiz: If it is appropriate,you will get some information.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree: Let me follow up on Ross's question on the ASP mix. Can youlook into Q4 and maybe talk about how you expect the mix with normalseasonality to impact the new products coming in, to impact the total ASPs?
Dirk Meyer: I'll just be extremely qualitative. We'll be introducingPhenom quad-core product into price points that we don't participate in todayand we expect to sell at those price points. On the server side, really theopportunity is to drive more server business and therefore increase therichness of the mix for the overall product line.
Cody Acree: So would you expect ASPs to run roughly flat, or do youthink there's some room for improvement next quarter?
Dirk Meyer: Across the productline, there's some room for improvement.
Bob Rivet: I would make sure you realize this is a client-orientedquarter, too. I mean most of the seasonality is in the clients and clearly theclients are of much lesser ASP than the server. Not trying to diminish the Barcelonaimpact, but that's just the reality.
Cody Acree: With thin inventories in the channel, it sounds like OEMinventories are relatively thin as well, your inventory coming down a bit. Wegot shortages in a lot of other parts. How do you feel about your mix ofinventory and  what you have available? Ifwe have a decent seasonal period are there any potential constraints on yourpart?
Bob Rivet: To me, we've done a good job of transitioning to have veryfresh inventory, a lot of 65 nanometer inventories. I mean, everything ismoving in the right direction from a microprocessor standpoint. We're furtheralong or even richer in the mix of all new products in the GPU business. So wefeel like we're well-positioned to deliver on what we need to in the fourthquarter and first quarter, because first quarter you're already preparing forthat. As Hector outlined, we have flexibility to toggle up ifdemand continues to be at this high rate that we're currently seeing in thethird quarter and fourth quarter.
Operator: Your final question comes from Kate Kotlarsky - GoldmanSachs.
Kate Kotlarsky: A quick question on just your share gains during thequarter. I was wondering if you could help us understand whether you've gainedshare across all of your market segments on the processor side -- so indesktops, notebooks and servers -- or was there more share gain in one segmentversus the other? Because it seems like your units grew relatively in line withthe market and so I was just curious what the dynamics are between thedifferent segments.
Bob Rivet: Well, we don't have all of the data to confirm by segment butbased on the data we have heard from our competitors and knowing our own data,we clearly gained share in mobile. We probably lost a little share in serverfrom a unit perspective. Desktop is too close to call. We held. So that's how Iwould call it at this point.
Kate Kotlarsky: Any way to maybe comment on the magnitude of share loss inservers? Is it 1 or 2 points, or do you think it is more than that?
Bob Rivet: It is probably in thezero to 1% kind of level. So, it's a relatively small number. Again, this isall really before Barcelona hasmuch impact.
Mike Haase: Thank you very much. That will conclude the call.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-20 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Henry and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Advanced Micro Devices’ second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike Haase, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Mike Haase: Thank you and welcome to AMD's second quarter earnings conference call. Our participants today are: Hector Ruiz, our Chairman and CEO; Dirk Meyer, our President and COO; Bob Rivet, our CFO; and Henri Richard, our Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. This call is a live broadcast and will be replayed at AMD.com. The telephone replay number is 877-519-4471. Outside of the United States the number is 973-341-3080. The access code for both is 8926606. A telephone replay will be available for the next 10 days starting later this evening. I would like to call to your attention that our third quarter 2007 earnings quiet time will begin at the close of business Friday, September 14th. Also, as a reminder, next week we are hosting our technology analyst day on Thursday, July 26th, from our Sunnyvale, California campus. It will also be video webcast on AMD.com. Before we begin today’s call, I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements about management’s expectations. Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations as set forth in the forward-looking statements. The semiconductor industry is generally volatile and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business and risk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. You’ll find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filing and the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007. With that, I will turn the call over to Dirk Meyer.
Dirk R. Meyer: Thank you, Mike. In a seasonally down second quarter, we grew our revenues and regained CPU market share and, while pleased with our progress on the top line, our bottom line results are obviously unacceptable. We will improve these results going forward. We did make significant progress on the game plan that we outlined last quarter. We grew the top line by winning new customers, like Toshiba who selected AMD-based platforms for an exciting new line of satellite notebook PCs. And now, for the first time ever, each of the world’s five largest PC OEMs offer AMD-based platforms. We also expanded our business with existing customers, like Dell who expanded their AMD-based commercial offering with the addition of 10 new PowerEdge servers as well as two new Dell Inspiron desktop systems. SUN introduced its new Blade 6000 server built on AMD Opteron processors and HP launched two new AMD Athlon-based Blade PCs in the quarter. In addition, LG Electronics selected our AMD Imageon 2282 media processor to drive their stunning new designer phone -- proof of our ability to empower meaningful differentiation in our customers’ offerings. We made good progress in the channel. We restored our value proposition, established positive sales momentum, and managed our overall channel inventory to appropriate levels. We continue to execute on our platform, product and technology roadmaps. Our Fab 36 conversion to 65-nanometers is complete, with yields exceeding expectations and we now turn all our attention to 45-nanometer. Our recently launched ATI Radeon HD 2000 CPU family has been very well-received by our distribution and OEM customers. Barcelona, the industry’s first native X86 quad-core processor, will ship this quarter in both standard and low-power versions and our next generation Puma Notebook platform design is generating a lot of customer excitement for its value and media rich platform features. We are on a path to bring our gross margins and operating expenses back into a reasonable balance and improve our cash flow. We will continue to grow our revenues. The new R600 family will fuel growth of our GPU business. Our digital TV division enjoys a great footprint with top tier CE companies entering the seasonally strong second-half of this year, and in our computing solutions business, we enjoy solid customer relationships and a strong position in the fast-growing consumer PC segment, and an expanding portfolio of commercial designs. And finally, we have the promise of new product introductions starting with Barcelona this quarter. Relative to manufacturing costs, as I said Fab 36 output is now all 65-nanometers, Fab 30 winds down output of 90-nanometer 200-millimeter material in the second-half and, as a result, we’ll ship an expanded mix of 65-nanometer CPUs from 300-millimiter wafers in the second-half of this year. Furthermore, we will lead the GPU industry in our deployment of 65-nanometer products. Overall as a company, our spending levels will decrease going forward and, as a result of outstanding execution in Fab 36, we see the opportunity to further reduce our CapEx plans by slowing the rate of ramp of Fab 38. As a result, we expect to significantly reduce our operating losses on a continuous basis with an eye towards breaking even as we exit this year. In summary, we are a company with great assets, a truly unparalleled portfolio of CPU, GPU, and media-centric processing IP. Customer and partner relationships with the elite companies in the IT and CE sectors all hungry for partnership, innovation and choice, and people with the will and a passion to reinvent our industry and bring innovative solutions to our customers and to end users worldwide. With that, I’ll turn it over to Bob.
Robert J. Rivet: Thanks, Dirk. AMD's revenue in the second quarter of 2007 was $1.378 billion, up 12% sequentially and up 13% compared to the second quarter of 2006. We recorded a net loss of $1.09 per share in the quarter. This loss includes charges of $99 million, or $0.18 a share, from the following: ATI acquisition related and integration charges, which I call ARC, of $78 million; employee severance charges for workforce reductions of $16 million; and debt issuance charges of $5 million associated with the $500 million loan pay down. Excluding ARC and the severance charges, we had an operating loss of $363 million in the quarter, 7% less than the prior quarter. As detailed in our press release, second quarter gross margin increased to 34% excluding ARC, severance charges and stock-based compensation expense. This compares to a gross margin of 31% in the first quarter of 2007. The three point increase in the prior quarter was largely driven by increased 65-nanometer microprocessor shipments. The second quarter gross margin was negatively impacted by an inventory write-down charge of approximately $30 million, or two percentage points of gross margin associated with older generation microprocessor inventory. Total operating expenses, which include R&D and SG&A, were up $73 million from the prior quarter. Increased costs were driven mainly by: one, engineering supporting new product launches; two, marketing supporting higher sales than the prior quarter in the form of demand generation programs in both the distribution and consumer channels; and severance charges. The costs benefits associated with our headcount actions will begin to show up in our expenses in the third quarter. Now, switching to the business segment; computing solutions revenue was $1.098 billion, up 20% from the prior quarter. Microprocessor unit sales increased 38% quarter on quarter. We believe we won back market share on both a unit and dollar basis. Overall microprocessor ASPs were down, driven by a decline in desktop ASPs offset somewhat by increased ASPs in mobile and server. We achieved sequential double-digit revenue increases from our server, mobile and desktop product lines. Chipset revenue declined 13% in the quarter, driven by a decline in our Intel business offset somewhat by increased AMD chipset revenue. And we recorded an operating loss for the computing solutions segment of $258 million in the second quarter, 20% less than the prior quarter. Switching to the graphic segment, in a seasonally down quarter, revenue of $195 million was flat compared to the first quarter. Initial sales of the ATI Radeon HD 2000 family of graphic processors were strong in the channel and design win momentum with key mobile and desktop OEMs continues to grow. Operating loss in the graphic segment was $50 million, up $15 million from the prior quarter. And in the consumer electronic segment, revenue was $85 million, down from the previous quarter. Handheld sales were significantly lower, offset somewhat by increased DTV sales. Second quarter operating loss increased by $18 million from the prior quarter, driven by the lower sales from handheld products. Now turning to the balance sheet, cash balance at the end of the quarter was $1.6 billion. During the quarter, we netted $1.5 billion from the $2.2 billion convertible offering, paying down some debt and putting a cap call in place. In addition, we did not receive any cash for the sale of our 200-millimeter tools, our Spansion investment, or from the sale of administrative land and buildings in the quarter. These items represent in excess of $800 million of cash generating opportunities in the future. Total inventory at the end of the second quarter was $892 million, down $46 million from the prior quarter. Deferred income on shipments to distributors almost halved in the quarter to $92 million, reflecting the work we accomplished with our distribution business as Dirk discussed earlier. Second quarter capital expenditures were $414 million. Turning to the outlook, AMD's outlook statements for the third quarter are based on current expectations. The following statements are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially from current expectations. In a seasonally up third quarter, AMD expects revenues to increase in line with seasonality. Operating expenses, which include R&D and SG&A, will be down slightly compared to the second quarter. Employee stock-based compensation expense is expected to be approximately $35 million for the third quarter. ARC charges will be approximately $85 million. We expect gross margin to improve from the second quarter. We expect to have a tax expense of $25 million in the third quarter. Third quarter depreciation and amortization is expected to be in the range of $290 million, and finally, we will continue to fine tune our capital expenditure plan and we now expect 2007 CapEx to be approximately $1.8 billion. This is a $200 million reduction from prior guidance. In summary, we made progress on the top line in the second quarter but clearly we are not happy with our bottom line performance. Aligning our cost structure to our business model is our near-term focus and you will see some progress starting in the second quarter. With that, I will turn it back to Hector.
Hector de J. Ruiz: Thank you, Bob. The second quarter was an important one for AMD because taking a moment to look past our financial performance, the quarter confirmed our convictions about our industry. First, customers want us to succeed. The unit growth and new customer acquisitions just reported are clear indications of this. Large OEMs, distributors, enterprise IT decision makers and users of PCs and other digital technologies around the world agree that competition in the processor industry is good and healthy for our industry. They like what AMD is doing, have a taste of what things are like with a stronger AMD, and crave the innovation and choice that we bring to the table. Second, our industry is going through a major transformation and our acquisition of ATI is perfectly timed to ride this wave of change in our industry -- a restructuring like nothing we have seen today. No longer are customers satisfied with generic value propositions and artificial measures of raw processor performance. The business has matured and even with maturity comes unprecedented stratification of segments, value propositions and new value creation opportunities. Customers want choice and AMD is hardwired to enable it. Third, with fair and open competition comes the natural forces that unleash real customer-centric innovation, processing solutions that satisfy the needs of what today’s consumers are looking to do with their digital technologies and a healthy mechanism for directing more of our attention to where and how we innovate and most important, it will lead to a complete recalibration of our business model. We are unafraid of this transformation and in fact welcome it, as it will lead to new waves of value creation across the IT and CE industries that we serve. The processor industry has been artificially restrained from this natural evolution and as I mentioned last quarter, we at AMD are laser focused on enabling it. I know that I have conveyed our strong conviction that we are driving change for the industry that is good for the industry, good for our customer, and good for the end user but let me make something very clear; we’re not distracted and we know that at the end of the day, these changes must and will result in improving AMD shareholder value. In order to position ourselves to accomplish this and benefit from all the changes that we are driving, we are taking the following actions to improve profitability as well as our balance sheet: We are slowing the ramp of Fab 38 that would reduce our CapEx requirements by $200 million in this calendar year, in addition to the previously announced reductions earlier last quarter; Build a new product momentum starting with our new R600 GPU family and continuing with Barcelona and AMD Phantom, growing unit volumes and improving our mix while keeping expenses flat to our current run-rate; We will be monetizing assets, such as the 200-millimeter equipment, buildings and land and the orderly disposition of Spansion stock, all of which are expected to bring nearly $1 billion; Advancing our asset light strategy with which I am very pleased with the progress to date, but don’t believe for competitive reasons that it is in our best interest to share details of our progress at this point. We will do so as soon as it is appropriate; Restructuring our sales and marketing efforts to maintain our strong position in consumer, continue our customer acquisition efforts, advance our unique platform advantages to provide customer opportunity for distinctiveness, re-empower the brands and our shared vision for a computer world where the real user comes first; And empower our regions to more effectively serve our customers and optimize our spending;. I want to thank our customers for their support, our investors for their confidence, but most of all our employees for their unwavering commitment to help us win. Now let me turn it back to Mike for our Q&A.
Mike Haase: Thanks, Hector. Operator, let’s begin the polling for the Q&A please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is coming from Uche Orji of UBS New York. Please go ahead.
Uche Orji: Thank you very much. Can you hear me? I have just a couple of questions. The first is for Bob. When I look at your gross margin guidance, given the strong jump we’ve seen sequentially in the second quarter, how should we calibrate the statement that you expect it to improve in the next quarter? What kind of improvement are we expecting? Also, if you can give us some clarity as to how you view, what is the seasonal growth in the third quarter? How do you explain what seasonal means? We haven’t had regular seasonality in a while, so when you say seasonal, what do you mean?
Robert J. Rivet: Let me start at the top from the market sales and then kind of walk through it, but I think our competitor kind of said the same thing but seasonality is some place in the 8% to 10% in our current view in the PC space. The second-half looks pretty strong so that’s kind of the way we see the world right now, from that perspective and that’s what our big customer in the channel was telling us. So that’s a good environment. Clearly new products, new products in both the CPU world and the GPU world. As Dirk said, more 65-nanometer, it continues to be a higher proportion of what we ship. And that includes the GP world, where the more R600 type product we sell, which is in 65-nanometer, that helps the equation too. And clearly the inventory write-off we had in the current quarter we don’t expect to ever happen again. So add those three things up, I’m not going to give granularity but we expect gross margin to improve from the current levels.
Uche Orji: Let me just draw attention a bit to the op-ex line. If I recall, I think when I look at your statement about op-ex down slightly, maybe I’m wrong but I thought we were expecting a big drop in the second-half in terms of op-ex. Is that a change in guidance?
Robert J. Rivet: No, we never said big drop. We said it would be declining at a rate from the first-half to the second-half, as we took some actions and we moved some things around but I’m not sure I ever said big drop.
Uche Orji: All right, fair enough. And just one last question then on ASP; is it fair for me to -- it looks like we have some drops in the area of 10% sequentially. Is that the right number? If we look into the second-half of 2007, your competitor was talking about still pricing pressure on the low end. Can you just give me an idea of how you look at the pricing data mix into the second-half and specifically if there is any expectation as to what Barcelona could do for ASP? If you can give some guidance on that, that would be helpful, please.
Henri P. Richard: With regard to ASP, we had close to 10% decrease in the desktop space but we had significant stability in the other segment, actually growth in the server market so there is competition in the desktop right now and this is a CPU statement. We had actually stability in a lot of the other businesses, particularly in the GPU business and in the chipset business. And then you were asking about the competitive nature of the second-half of the year and this focus on potentially the value space. Well, clearly the value space is an increasing percentage of the total shipments. We are very well-positioned in that space. I’ve seen a second quarter that was stable relative to the first quarter price pressure. I don’t think that the situation has deteriorated. And I think it is going to continue to be a very competitive environment but of course, as Bob was pointing out, we are introducing a whole slew of new products that are better positioned than our existing products in terms of competing and so I think that will afford us some opportunity for at least a stable environment.
Uche Orji: Just one last question on Barcelona; given that the lower speed version you launched so far and then we are expecting a higher speed version in Q4, any insight into how your customer base is reacting so far to this phased introduction? I know you are sampling it at the moment. What kind of feedback are you getting at this moment in terms of the customer reception of this product?
Henri P. Richard: As you know, and Hector was pointing this out as well, the focus in the data center switched quite a bit from absolute performance to performance per watt and we were at the forefront of this change and you will see that the performance of Barcelona in its 68-watt version is extremely satisfactory. Our customers can’t wait to ship it. They are really excited about the opportunity. We’ll continue to scale up the performance in the various thermal envelopes that this product will be available through the end of the year, so right now we’re qualifying the product, customers are working hard at getting their systems to the market in the third quarter and we are very confident about the future of this product line.
Uche Orji: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from Krishna Shankar of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Krishna Shankar: A couple of questions, just following up on Barcelona, can you give us some of -- is it , the design or is it the yield, and then also the initial version you said would be up to 2 gigs. Can you give us some of the challenges around the Barcelona performance roadmap and how you plan to improve that over the next several quarters, both from a design iteration and a manufacturing viewpoint?
Dirk R. Meyer: The beginning of your question was “is it the design or it is the yield” -- I’m not sure what it is. Could you clarify?
Krishna Shankar: I just wanted to get a sense for -- it sounds like there was some delay here and I wanted to get a sense for the challenges and how you plan to scale up the performance to address the various performance segments in the market.
Dirk R. Meyer: I better understand, thank you. First of all, we’re very happy with our 65-nanometer yields across all products, including Barcelona, so no issue there. The fact of the matter, Barcelona, while being an absolutely great product, is complicated and it’s taking a little bit more design work than we anticipated getting the final rim in place.
Krishna Shankar: And then the second question, I guess going back to Hector’s point in terms of manufacturing flexibility and looking to slow down capital spending and potentially outsourcing, can you give us a little more clarity on the scope of that program and whether the slowdown in Fab 38 hinders your market share goal plans?
Hector de J. Ruiz: Well, first of all, let me start at the high level. Our manufacturing strategy has not changed and our aspirations for continuing to gain share over time have not changed either. In the near term, we’ve had an outstanding performer out of Fab 36. The ramp as well as the yield, as Dirk mentioned, on 65-nanometer have been phenomenal, been outstanding. The flexibility we’ve had with charter semiconductor as an additional place to manufacture has given us an opportunity to reduce our capital outlay this year and expand somewhat the rate at which we ramp Fab 38. So I think we’re taking advantage of some good news scenario out of Fab 36 to be able to accomplish that. But in now way are we taking our eye off the goal of continuously increased market share for the foreseeable future. That in no way has changed. As far as I mentioned earlier on the asset light strategy, I am very happy with our very -- what I believe is a very appropriate strategy for us to pursue, the progress that we’ve made, but I’ve come to the conclusion that it is not in my best interest and the best interest of AMD to share the details of the progress at this point in time. At the appropriate time, we’ll disclose what we’ve done in that area.
Krishna Shankar: My final question for Bob, can you just walk us through the balance sheet in terms of the operating cash burn, how much you actually put on the balance sheet net from the convert rate and how the cash flow looked like?
Robert J. Rivet: Clearly we had negative cash flow from operations with the magnitude of the loss we had and we continue to invest in the capacity of Fab 36, so free cash flow, those two components chewed up some cash in the current quarter. We expect that to decline through the actions that both Dirk and Hector have talked about, of modifying the business model, changing the capital expenditures in the back-half of the year, et cetera, to get that more in line to be I’ll call it neutral, less burning from that perspective with the maniacal focus on the profitability part of the equation. From a balance sheet perspective, just to reiterate what I said is the $2.2 billion convertible we did in the quarter only netted us $1.5 billion, because we took some of that money and directed it to pay down loans and also to buy a cap call because of our bullishness in the value of the company. So anyway, that kind of walks you through again what I said.
Krishna Shankar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Doug Freedman of American Technology Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Freedman: Great, thanks, guys. If you could sort of focus a little bit longer term, you made a comment about getting close to break-even by the end of the year. What are the aspects that are going to help you get there? Is this where we are looking for revenue growth that might be better than seasonal, or is it a product mix? If there are the aspects that you could walk through, it would be very helpful.
Robert J. Rivet: Well, I think -- clearly as we’ve stated in the past, we’re not wavering from that. Our goal is to gain market share, particularly in the CPU business but really in every business we participate in. And we believe with the lineup of new products that have launched or will launch, we’ll be in very good position to continue to demonstrate the kind of performance we had in the second quarter. I’m not sure it can exactly be as good as it has in the second quarter compared to our competition but clearly our goal is every quarter we should be gaining share, both from a revenue and a unit perspective. Also, with new products comes more enhancement of gross margin so as we’ve said before, we’re not going to cut our way to success but it is a combination of growing the top line through a combination of things I just talked about and modifying and controlling our cost structure so that we get to the right point of having a balanced business model that will throw off the appropriate profits and cash.
Doug Freedman: Six months ago we had the winter analyst day -- I’m looking to the analyst day coming up -- where you laid out a gross margin plan that was much higher. Is that plan still something that you think you might be able to get to in 2008? Is that the type of gross margin expansion we should be looking for? Anything you can do on the longer term horizon? What contributes to that? Is it that ATI revenue is coming back help that? Any granularity you can offer?
Robert J. Rivet: As of right now, we’re not prepared to change that business model. Thank you for reminding everyone that’s a long-term model, not a short-term model. So the 50% gross margin level we talked about as a corporation is still what we are focused on pre asset light. Asset light clearly could change some of those dynamics and we’re not prepared, as Hector said, to talk about that in any specificity. So that’s still what we’re aiming for, is respectable gross margins that will yield the appropriate money to make the appropriate engineering and marketing investments to get the right returns. We are still focused on that. Realities do have to play into the equation, though. Clearly we dug ourselves a hole in the first quarter. Hopefully we’re demonstrating we are working our way out of that hole. What I hope we’ll deliver and you will see is continued progress in sales and gross margin as we walk our way through time.
Doug Freedman: All right and then, the one last thing I would like to focus on is I was a little surprised to see the expenses come up as much as they did in the June quarter. I recognize that some of them were one-timers and severance charges, but even headcount rose. To get back to have the back-half of the year have lower expenses than the front, we need to somewhat see a reversal in those trends. Any help you can offer on what magnitude of reversal we should see and is it going to be very much the December quarter where we see it, and whether it breaks down between R&D and SG&A would be helpful. I’ll leave that as my last question.
Robert J. Rivet: Obviously the severance charges that we booked in the quarter was associated with actions we took. They were late in the quarter. Some of that headcount is actually still on the payroll and it’s working its way out, so the headcount reductions that we’ve done, which is in the tune of around 500 people, will start to yield benefit and roll off the senses as we get into the third quarter. We’re in an interesting balancing act of trying to maintain the appropriate R&D investment while we continue to trim our cost structure, so you will see -- I’ll call it in aggregate of those two numbers, some decline in the third quarter, some decline in the fourth quarter but with I’ll call it some variation of plus/minus between them. I’m not going to give you specificity of how much is in R&D versus in SG&A but we’re not trying to cut our way to success. It’s really a combination of both top line and the cost structure and gross margin.
Doug Freedman: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke: Thanks so much. I was wondering if you might be able to give us some color on when you would see contributions from Barcelona and Phenom, particularly in the higher end of the high-performance desktop market, whether that’s something that one would be potentially able to see as you go into the calendar fourth quarter?
Dirk R. Meyer: Your question is specific to desktop then, yes?
Tim Luke: Yes.
Dirk R. Meyer: We’ll be shipping the Phenom variance of the new product in Q4 but frankly, that’s going to be late enough in Q4 that while there’ll be some contribution to the bottom line, it won’t be substantial.
Tim Luke: And in guiding for seasonal improvement in microprocessor, should we think about broadly similar seasonality for the three areas of server, desktop and notebook? Or do you think there will be some variation there?
Henri P. Richard: Clearly everybody understands the dynamics that exist right now in the mobile space, so the mobile marketplace is not following traditional seasonality. I think as an aggregate, because there is a lot of the waterfall effect between desktop and mobile these days, as Bob was pointing out we are looking at a solid PC industry right now. What I hear from the channel partners is that the inventories out there are healthy, both in the component channel and in the retail channel and that end user demand so far has been pretty strong. I think that we are facing traditional seasonality and that’s the best I can tell you at this point.
Tim Luke: Perhaps I could just follow-up on the ATI side, it looked like you saw some softness in the chipset, consumer and GPU sequentially, and you also had some management change there. Can you talk about how we should think about the trends there in the second-half of the year?
Henri P. Richard: The chipset business is a design cycle business, so our design is actually extremely solid. As Bob was pointing out, we see a decline because as you know, the Intel business is basically rolling off but we are growing very quickly the AMD-based chipset business. So I’m very confident with the health of our chipset business. With regard to GPU, we started to ship in volume the HD 2000 series toward the end of the quarter. The initial demand is very strong and so the third quarter is really where the proof is going to be in the pudding in terms of how much velocity we are going to get, because really we hit the shelves in that marketplace really in June.
Tim Luke: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Glen Yeung of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Glen Yeung: Thanks. Bob, just a housekeeping to start; did you actually quantify what the write-off, inventory write-off was in the quarter?
Robert J. Rivet: $30 million.
Glen Yeung: $30 million, okay, thanks. May I ask a question just about the way to think about your mix of products as we go into the second-half and the impact that has on your blended ASP, forgetting about what may happen on quarter to quarter, part for part price declines but should we see the mix just benefit your ASP as we move into third and fourth quarter?
Henri P. Richard: Well, clearly today the conversion of some of the business from desktop to mobile is helping our ASP and the launch of Barcelona will reinvigorate our server business, which will also from a mix perspective, mechanical mix perspective will benefit the ASP, so I think you are correct.
Glen Yeung: What about things like the move towards Barcelona from Opteron to ultimately Phenom from your other -- I mean, just as we see the new products roll out, are they coming in at a higher price point I guess is what I’m asking?
Henri P. Richard: Yes, but as Dirk pointed out, you will see the benefit of the new generation of Opteron products based on the Barcelona core in the second-half of the year. Phenom comes really late and so I think the benefit of Phenom in terms of ASP elevation you will see in the first quarter of ’08.
Glen Yeung: So in reality, we have some legs here then in other words, right and we’ll see some benefit from server, then from desktop, then from notebook over the course of several quarters?
Robert J. Rivet: Correct.
Henri P. Richard: Correct.
Robert J. Rivet: You kind of stage it out, server first, desktop second, mobile third, with both Puma and Griffin working its way into the ecosystem in the quarters of ’08.
Glen Yeung: All right, so let me come away from the pricing/revenue side and look a little bit on the cost side and maybe just to start with, you make the point that you could be back at break-even exiting Q4 -- am I to read that as Q4 or are you just thinking you might not actually be break-even by Q4 but as you turn the year, you are on that run-rate?
Robert J. Rivet: We would really like Q4 to be break-even, or to be specific, not just the month of December but definitely Q4.
Glen Yeung: Okay, I just wanted to clarify that. And then, Bob, when you think about that, and you don’t -- I mean, I’m not asking you to give guidance for Q4, although if you want to that’s fine, but what I would like to know is what does the break-even model look like for AMD? How should we think about where gross margins need to be and where operating margins need to be in order for you to be at break-even?
Robert J. Rivet: It’s actually too much data, Glen. I appreciate the question but clearly we have to have quite a bit of altitude in the top line from where we are today. Gross margin needs to probably get a four in the first position, just to give you a sense of direction. Clearly we want to make both of those big numbers but it’s hard to make the machinery work if you are not pushing a big number with a two and pushing a four.
Glen Yeung: Okay, that’s interesting. All right, and then the last that I had here was really thinking about SOI as a technology for AMD and the importance that that has obviously on the performance of your chip at the high-end but whether or not you feel like it’s still important for you at the low-end, given that there’s obviously a cost penalty, so to speak, for using SOI at low-end chips.
Dirk R. Meyer: That’s a very good question and through the 45-nanometer generation of classic PC products, there’s no question 45-nanometers is our plan and it’s a fine plan for SOI. As we always do, for the 32-nanometer generation we’re evaluating the choice and mix of SOI versus bulk and that work is still in progress.
Glen Yeung: That’s really helpful, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from JoAnne Feeney from Midwest Research. Please go ahead.
JoAnne Feeney: Good afternoon, folks. A couple of questions, really, about your new design wins. Toshiba obviously a major win here and our contacts are suggesting that your share at Toshiba may even be as high as 35% or more. Can you comment on what kind of ramp you are seeing at Toshiba and for how long you’ve been shipping product?
Henri P. Richard: Thank you for your question but you know I won’t answer that one.
JoAnne Feeney: I had to try. Okay, and perhaps though you could talk about the timing. You’ve listed several design wins and so the timing of these may help us to better predict your unit growth, and if these are just rolling out now, that does give you quite a bit of legs to carry unit growth into the second-half. Can you describe the timing at all of those things?
Henri P. Richard: I think that what you are seeing is again a shift of relevance around the PC platform between the various components that make the user experience and that’s why frankly the acquisition of ATI was so important. If you look today, a large portion of our success in the mobile space is tied to the fact that we’ve got excellent chipsets, both from our company and our partners. They deliver a superior experience. The processors that we install in those platforms are great processors. They provide all the performance you need and when coupled with discreet graphics, they actually respond to the type of computing experience that the new generation is expecting, for example, from mobile device. So this balanced platform has always been a value proposition of AMD. It’s much stronger now that we have the complete portfolio solution. And what you are seeing in our design win momentum, since you seem to be very well-informed with what is going on in the marketplace, is the reality that today people are looking beyond the microprocessor into the entire platform to make choices.
Hector de J. Ruiz: The only thing I would add, and I think that was one of the questions that you were trying to address, is that we did not ship yet to this new design that you were referring to for the whole second quarter. We got only a partial quarter to take into account in the win and therefore we are somewhat bullish about the expectation in the second-half.
JoAnne Feeney: Okay, that’s really helpful. I guess the second question, it’s been a while since you’ve talked about the lawsuit with Intel. I’m wondering how that’s progressing, if there is any new information there and how you see it impacting the competitive environment, both here and globally?
Hector de J. Ruiz: We’re really well into this process. The discovery is intense and frankly we’re really pleased with the way things are going for us. We believe this is something that we are going to win hands down. We feel confident about it and the feedback from customers around the world if anything has strengthened in terms of their desire to make sure that this thing opens even further this fair and open competition space. We feel pretty good.
JoAnne Feeney: Finally, if I could, just on Barcelona, are your OEMs ready for Barcelona? Are they ready with the more modernized motherboards that would take advantage of all the different capabilities, like split power play, for example? Are the complementary parts out there so that when you do launch, customers that desire it can get the full benefit of Barcelona?
Dirk R. Meyer: Generally the answer to that is yes, although the platforms will generally be released in a staged way. So when we released the initial product this quarter, a subset of the OEM platforms will be released with that and then over the course of the next weeks and months, other platforms will be released as well.
Henri P. Richard: If I may add, let’s all remember that one of the great attributes of the AMD platform is that it is backwards compatible. So one of the beauties of Barcelona is that you can plug it in existing infrastructure. So some of our partners are going to have actually mixed product lines where they immediately introduce all the new features, the split power play and all the benefits of the new architecture while still leveraging some of the existing product line so that we will have a much broader set of products available immediately to the market than we had three years ago when we launched our first Opteron product.
JoAnne Feeney: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bob Gerardi: This is Bob [Gerardi] for Ross Seymore. Thanks for taking my question. Bob, I know you gave guidance for depreciation and amortization. Would you mind splitting out just the depreciation guidance for Q3 for me?
Robert J. Rivet: Of how much was depreciation and amortization?
Bob Gerardi: Just depreciation for 3Q.
Robert J. Rivet: No, we don’t give that detail.
Bob Gerardi: A little bit about the write-down, I mean, could you explain when are you forced to do a write-down? Is it mostly when there are price cuts in the market and in that relationship to your costs? And if I assume further price cuts in the second-half by maybe your competitor or maybe by yourself, why would I not assume there might be some other inventory write-downs in the second-half?
Dirk R. Meyer: That’s a good question. The products that we wrote down on the CPU side in Q2 were all DDR1 specific products. As you know, our microprocessors have embedded memory controllers and also, as you know, the DRAM pricing has become very aggressive and DDR2 prices have plummeted, and DDR1 being the older technology, less available. Actually, the prices stayed up there so we found based on that dynamic in the ecosystem, it didn’t make sense to try to push the older DDR1 product, so the small amount we had left on the shelf we chose to write off. Looking forward, all the product we have is DDR2 capable.
Bob Gerardi: Makes sense, and if I could just have more of a philosophical question; It seems like at least in this quarter, I mean, I look at the flow through and there wasn’t that much, and philosophically, it’s a high fixed cost business, low variable cost. What are your thoughts about running the business as cash versus running it for profit? What are the trade-offs there?
Robert J. Rivet: To be honest, we clearly, if you put it in a priority, if I have to pick between one and two, cash is first and P&L is second from that perspective, and we never forget that. Cash is king so you have to work it from that perspective. But clearly you are balancing long-term needs of your capital investment to make sure you have the capacity so you can have the top line and enjoy it. I would remind you though that a big portion of our portfolio is now purchased. We purchase all the manufacturing from our friends in the -- from the TSMCs of the world or the sub-cons of the world, so it isn’t -- you can’t just use the same model of the past to the company today because it is a blend between the two businesses.
Bob Gerardi: Fair enough. Could I just do a quick follow-up on that comment, Bob? Do you find that when you go in and do a price negotiation with a customer, whoever it may be, that the fact that the graphic business is variable, do you feel like you are in a better position to push prices higher or avoid business you don’t think is a fair trade-off for what you are bringing to the table?
Robert J. Rivet: You clearly don’t want to -- again, managing for cash you don’t want to lose cash on any transaction. Clearly in a GPU business where cash is what it cost to buy the product, you’re not going to go below that unless it’s really a fringe strategic type thing or it’s drawing a lot of volume from your microprocessor side of the house. So you have to balance it between the two occasions. Clearly in the microprocessor side of the house, you can, you have a little more latitude from a cash basis because a fairly large component of the manufacturing of the product cost is fixed, so you’ve got a lot more room to move up and down, particularly if you are in different parts of the cycle or attacking different parts of the marketplace.
Bob Gerardi: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Danely of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Danely: Given the massive amount of market share gain in Q2, why wouldn’t you guide to an above seasonal Q3?
Robert J. Rivet: We’re just cautiously optimistic. At this point in time, I don’t feel like it’s worth it.
Chris Danely: That makes sense. I guess if this keeps up where you continue to gain a lot of share but you end up losing money still say in three or four quarters, would you guys choose to maybe pull back a little bit and focus more on your more profitable segments and less on market share? How does that sort of work out?
Robert J. Rivet: The only good factory is a full factory. I think I probably say that every conference call, and so the mission is to sell the factory out and get the most revenue you can for that output. A niche strategy doesn’t work in our business when you own that kind of machinery, plus it doesn’t work against the kind of competitor we’re dealing with and leaving profit pools un-attacked. So we have to work our way through that. Clearly our goal is to have unit share, dollar share and profit share.
Chris Danely: And if the choice comes down to profitability versus market share, would it still be on market share then?
Dirk R. Meyer: Maybe I could try to answer the question in a slightly different way. Given the flex fab strategy that we now have employed on the CPU side of the business, the way we look at things really is what sort of R&D investments do we need to make on the product side in order to have the relevance to our customers that we need to? The conclusion is we’ve got to have winning and capable server, desktop, mobile products, GPU products and media processing technologies so as to be a broad supplier. So really, when we think about how much business we need, it’s how much revenue do we need to generate sufficient gross margins to cover our product R&D and maintain an increased relevance to our customer base, more so than filling a particular factory.
Chris Danely: Got it. That makes sense. And on that note, you guys are trimming the CapEx here and talking about asset light. Can we assume that the plans for the Albany fab are going to be scrapped?
Hector de J. Ruiz: Not at all. You know, as I mentioned earlier, our manufacturing strategy has not changed. Our ambition -- you know what, this is tied a little bit to your first question, frankly. We’re not yet in a two player environment. This is a unique segment of the market where we still haven’t yet broken through what we’d like to do. I think we’ve made progress every year. We’re getting closer to having a real bona fide two-player segment of the market and in doing so, our ambition is to get to a share number that by definition requires more capacity. We are looking forward to benefiting from our plans in New York but we still have until the summer of 2009 to be able to make that decision.
Chris Danely: Got it. Okay, thanks, guys.
Mike Haase: Operator, we’re going to take two more questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Masdea of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Masdea: Thanks a lot. I think maybe Henri is not going to answer this question, but I’ll ask it; Intel clearly is pretty much hitting on most of the cylinders right now and you could argue that you guys are shipping more of your legacy models with new models coming out right now. It seems despite that, you’ve got pretty damn good market share this quarter. What are we really missing about what’s being valued out there and what are we overlooking when we compare a lot of the specs and manufacturing between the two companies and get what should be a different answer for the market share shifts?
Henri P. Richard: I think we all look at this industry as experts and the reality is that there are billions of people out there that look at it as something they want to buy and use and they have a very different view of what matters to them. I don’t know of any IT manager that ever asked what was the nanometer in this processor and I don’t know of any student walking into a store and really wondering what the die size of a processor, let alone in some cases what’s the frequency? What they do is they look at more and more what is this machine going to do for me? How does this look? Is it a fashion statement? Is it responding to my needs? So as you focus on the end-user need, as you focus on the experience and as you focus on empowering your customers to differentiate their brands and bring innovation and distinctiveness in the marketplace, what you do is you help first expand the marketplace and we were seeing that the PC business right now is fairly healthy, and you shift away from just technology to user experience. And that’s why despite all the hype on the core technology, and we have great products as well, what really ultimately matters and what you are seeing in the market share is the fact that people appreciate choice and we help our customers have distinctive products in the marketplace.
Michael Masdea: How far along do you feel like you are in coupling the non-CPU part of that whole equation with the CPU part and how effective do you think you’ve been so far?
Henri P. Richard: I think that there is a natural level of comfort for a certain type of conservative customers to have a one-stop shopping experience. On the engineering side, I’m not going to talk for Dirk, but clearly there’s a lot of things that you can do once you have the entire portfolio of technology and some of the features of the Puma platform will demonstrate that. From my perspective, what the customers like to do is to have this opportunity to look at a complete AMD solution. But as you know, we are doing this with an open platform state of mind and we continue to welcome or partners adding value to the AMD platform. So that diversity is actually very important because it allows again our customers to differentiate their products.
Michael Masdea: One quick follow-up for Dirk maybe; Intel made a comment which made my ears perk up a little bit, talking about reducing cycle times, something which they just don’t typically talk about as much and maybe they are doing some behind the scenes, but they made a point of saying that this time. I guess my question is what are you guys doing, both on the internal side and on the foundry side, to try to do that? Does that seem like it is something out of the norm from your competition to make strides in reducing the cycle time?
Dirk R. Meyer: I heard that comment and actually it sounded like AMD-ers making the comment because we actually have been driving into our Dresden factories for several years and working on cycle time and increased output as well. I think that is actually becoming an increasing trend for the semiconductor business, that is to look more carefully at the applying lean techniques in the wafer fabs.
Michael Masdea: Is that something you can influence on the foundry side too or are you more stuck there in terms of your cycle times?
Dirk R. Meyer: Certainly in the spirit of partnerships, we aim to also deploy lean back up our supply chain.
Hector de J. Ruiz: Just to add a little bit as an example of -- our factory in Germany has been benchmarked by a third party’s benchmark fab as being number one in the industry and one of them includes the ability to turn the inventory fast in terms of cycle time per mass layer, which is another way of saying cycle time efficiency. And it is continuously benchmarked as the best fab in the world, so we believe as Dirk point out, that our efforts in this area have actually been going for quite some time. As a matter of fact, this year we are tasking a group of executives to take it to the next level. Maybe you can call it AMD 2.0 relative to cycle times.
Michael Masdea: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is coming from Kevin Rottinghaus of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Kevin Rottinghaus: Thank you. Just to clarify gross margins, up quarter over quarter; does that include the $30 million write-downs? If you strip the $30 million write-down out and margins were 36, would they still be up from there or is it just up from the 34 level?
Robert J. Rivet: Up from the 34 level, so the 34 included the $30 million write-down, so if we didn’t have it, if luck would be in that direction, it would have been two percentage points higher for the total company.
Kevin Rottinghaus: Okay, but up from 34?
Robert J. Rivet: Yes.
Kevin Rottinghaus: The design cycle, Henri, that you talked about in chipsets, could you talk about where you are and when you expect the new chipsets to start to flow through and maybe see further share gains with the new product launch?
Henri P. Richard: Typically right now we are active at designing the next generation chipset, which we have a whole new set of platforms coming on the mobile space, codename Puma. We’re in the full work on qualifying those platforms. We have our next generation Discreet chipsets for desktop, codenamed 780. We are in the full specs on that one, 780 and 790. And then of course, we have new technologies coming both on Discreet mobile GPU and desktop Discreet GPUs, and those we are starting to work on. Typically right now, we are working on the products that will come to market in the first and second quarter of ’08.
Kevin Rottinghaus: What about the just launched products in the May timeframe?
Henri P. Richard: I’m sorry, I’m not sure I understand your question.
Kevin Rottinghaus: You talked a little bit about the graphic shipments getting started. How much of that was already done and how much of that is still to come?
Henri P. Richard: Yes, as I said, the Radeon, the new generation Radeon products were really hitting the shelves in June, so very little contribution towards the second quarter and full production and high demand in this third quarter.
Kevin Rottinghaus: My last question -- could you compare the Barcelona launch being faced with step-ups in the speeds versus how you launched Opteron? Was there a phased rollout with Opteron as well or could you I guess compare what is different between the rollouts of the two products?
Dirk R. Meyer: The rollout is going to be very different in that when we introduced Opteron, we did so with almost no global tier one OEM platform support and we’ll be launching Barcelona in pin compatible form to pre-existing Opteron product into platforms that are ready for it from every top tier OEM in the world, so very different.
Kevin Rottinghaus: Thank you.
Mike Haase: Okay, great. Well, that concludes the call and we look forward to seeing everyone next week at our analyst day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-20 17:56:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jeane and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Advanced Micro Devices Inc. first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now with great pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike Haase, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Mike Haase: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's first quarter earnings conference call. Our participants today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman of the Board and CEO; Dirk Meyer, our President and COO; Bob Rivet, our Chief Financial Officer; and Henri Richard, our Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. This call is a live broadcast and will be replayed at amd.com. The telephone replay number is 877-519-4471. Outside of the United States the number is 973-341-3080. The access code for both is 8584000. The telephone replay will be available for the next 10 days starting later tonight. In addition, I would like to call to your attention that our Q2 2007 earnings quiet time will begin at the close of business Friday, June 15th. Also, for your planning purposes, we have scheduled the AMD technology analyst day for Thursday, July 26th. More information will be sent out at a later date. Before we begin today’s call, I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements about management’s expectations. Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and involve risks and uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations as set forth in the forward-looking statements. The semiconductor industry is generally volatile and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business and risk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. You will find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filing, AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. With that, I will turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk R. Meyer: Thank you, Mike. After 14 consecutive quarters of gaining share in the CPU business, the first quarter was a major setback in the strategic transformation of our company. But we know the only way to get healthy is to fully understand our problems and fix them. First, it is important to note that with our remarkable success has come much more complexity in our business -- more customers, more channels, more products. The game is really quite different and frankly, that complexity has led to some challenges. In the first quarter, our challenges were caused by a few key things. First, we suffered some major growing pains. Starting roughly the middle of last year, we suffered occasional mix and delivery issues in the course of serving new and expanding relationships with global OEMs. This led to challenges in our properly serving the component distribution channel. Second, the pricing pressure that started in Q2 last year continued in the mainstream of our CPU business as our competitor did everything in their power to protect their monopoly. Third, we saw an increasingly competitive product environment in both CPUs and GPUs, and finally, weakening demand in the consumer electronics businesses added to our pain. While any one of these problems might have put a damper on our performance in the quarter, the sum total of all four was something of a perfect storm for us. Our plan to fix these problems is fairly straightforward. We need to grow the top line, change our cost structure in line with the competitive environment, and execute flawlessly on our product and technology roadmaps. To regain momentum on the top line, we have accelerated some key initiatives. We have simplified our sales and marketing organization in order to improve our responsiveness to customer demand. We have restored our value proposition in the channel and refocused marketing spending on demand generation programs, and we have increased our emphasis on acquiring new customers and broadening our portfolio with existing customers. Now, while we know we cannot cut our way to prosperity, we realize we need to make some significant adjustments to our business model in order to succeed in the current competitive environment. Among the efforts already underway are: reducing 2007 CapEx spending by approximately $500 million, largely by slowing the rate of the fab 38 conversion; we are reassessing our overall staffing plans, specifically we are going to limit ourselves solely to critical hires, and to the extent that we add resources, we will focus primarily on doing so in lower cost geographies. We plan to leave the year with a lower headcount than we have on board today. In addition to those staffing actions, we will be reducing discretionary expenses by over $100 million annually. Finally, we need to deliver on our product and technology roadmaps -- on time and on budget. Specifically, we need to deliver on the promise of Barcelona later this year. And by the way, our customers are increasingly excited about what they are seeing. We need to successfully convert fab 30 to a 300-millimeter toolset. We need to start the ramp to 45 nanometer technology beginning in mid-2008 -- and by the way, 100% of our fab 36 wafer starts are on 65 nanometer technology today. We need to and will successfully launch the 600 Series graphics products next month and over time, deliver and maintain GPU leadership in the dimension of performance per watt per square centimeters of silicon, and we need to continue to deliver leading edge technology through our best-in-class customer engagement in the CE businesses. In summary, we know what our challenges are, have a good grasp on what to do, and are well underway with programs to put us back on track. Best of all, our customers want us to win and are expanding our relationship on the basis of our unmatched technology portfolio and commitment to helping them succeed. With that, I would like to turn it over to Bob.
Robert J. Rivet: Thanks, Dirk. As I said in the press release, the first quarter was totally unacceptable, but as Dirk outlined, we have a good plan to address and fix our issues. Before I start, I would like to remind everyone that as a result of the acquisition of ATI in the fourth quarter of last year, first quarter 2007 results do not correlate directly. AMD's revenue in the first quarter of 2007 was $1.233 billion, down 30% sequentially and down 7% compared to the first quarter of 2006. We recorded a large net loss in the quarter at $1.11 per share. Three noteworthy items to highlight in these results include: one, ATI acquisition related and integration charges, which I all ARC, of $113 million, or $0.21 per share; two, employee stock-based compensation expense of $28 million, or $0.05 per share; and three, a tax expense of $23 million, or $0.04 per share, primarily due to the need for a deferred tax liability related to the large tax deductions AMD receives for the amortization of good will from the purchase of ATI. First quarter operating loss was $363 million, excluding ARC charges and stock-based compensation expense. EBITDA was a negative $196 million. First quarter 2007 gross margin was 31%, excluding ARC charges and stock-based compensation expense, compared to 40% in the fourth quarter of 2006. The decrease from the prior quarter is attributable to significantly lower microprocessor unit sales, lower microprocessor ASPs, and the inclusion of the former ATI operations, which generally have lower margins for the entire quarter. I will switch to the business segments. First, computing solutions revenue, which includes the former computation products, embedded products and the former ATI chipset business, was $918 million, down 38% from the prior quarter, primarily due to significant lower desktop, mobile and server unit sales and revenues. Microprocessor unit shipments declined in all product categories and ASPs declined in both desktop and mobile. Chipset sales increased 15% sequentially, reflecting a full quarter of operations. The computing solutions segment had an operating loss of $321 million in the first quarter. Switching to the graphics segment, revenue was $197 million in the first quarter, a sequential increase of 19%, reflecting a full quarter of operations. Operating loss in the graphic segment was $35 million. In the consumer electronics segment, revenue was $118 million, down slightly from the previous quarter and also reflects a full quarter of operations. Handheld and gaming revenue declines were offset by sequential growth in the DTV category. The operating loss in the consumer electronics segment was $4 million. Now turning to the balance sheet. The cash balance at the end of the quarter was $1.2 billion, approximately $600 million above our minimal acceptable levels. We continue to be focused on increasing liquidity for the business and expanding our financial flexibility. Our plan continues to include: one, selling our 200 millimeter fab equipment; two, monetizing our investment expansion; three, collecting our grants and subsidies from our investments in Dresden; and four, selling administrative land and offices. In addition, we continue to evaluate a wide range of financing opportunities that are available to us. Total inventory at the end of the first quarter was $937 million, up $123 million from the fourth quarter, driven by our sales miss in the microprocessor business. About 40% of this inventory growth was 65 nanometer microprocessor products. First quarter capital expenditures were on plan at $586 million, focused on the capacity ramp of fab 36. Now let’s turn to the outlook. AMD's outlook statement for the second quarter is based on our current expectations. The following statements are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially from current expectations. In a seasonally down second quarter, AMD expects revenue to be flat to slightly up. Operating expenses, which include R&D and SG&A, will be in the range of $750 million, reflecting only a small impact of the restructuring efforts we have undertaken. You will see a much higher impact in the second half of the year. Employee stock-based compensation expense is expected to be approximately $30 million for the second quarter. ARC charges will be approximately $80 million for the second quarter. We believe we will have a tax expense of $25 million in the second quarter. As Dirk outline, our capital plan for 2007 is now $2 billion, down $500 million with the reductions coming out of the back half of the year. In summary, the first quarter of 2007 was a terrible start to the year, but we are confident we have a plan to put ourselves back on the right track. With that, I will turn it over to Hector for some final remarks.
Hector J. Ruiz: Thanks, Bob. Dirk and Bob have highlighted many of the programs and initiatives that we have put in place to address our near-term business challenges. While the complete package is strong, including capital spending adjustments, sales and marketing restructuring and headcount adjustments, I would like to take time to put all of it on a much larger context. Because I want you to know that this quarter was more than a miss, more than a series of concurrent issues or challenge. This quarter was a major inflection point in our timing of action plans to continue to innovate effectively on behalf of our customers. I want you to know that it has only served to accelerate our efforts to complete our work -- that is, to reinvent the dynamics of our industry. The quarter proved that the job is only half done and that now is the time to accelerate our efforts to finish the other half. Today, what you have heard Dirk and Bob describe is immediate and somewhat tactical in nature, but make no mistake -- it is also the beginning of a major restructuring of how we intend to run our company going forward, one that would reflect the natural growth and stratification of the processing solutions customer base, accommodate the business model distinctions between good enough entry level markets and performance-hungry mature market solutions, and reduce our capital intensity by exploring deeply more asset light business models in order to fully execute our plan. Most important, it will be based and driven on a single core competency -- customer-centric innovation. We plan to share more details at our upcoming analyst conference this summer. In the meantime, in order to provide intense oversight to this transformational process, and also to ensure strong support across the company for the various initiatives, Dirk and I are forming an executive task force, including Bob Rivet, Henri Richard, and Dave Orton. I will chair this task force and provide a strong oversight of this company-wide effort. While I expect this task force to be temporary in nature, lasting no more than a year, I expect this transformation to be bigger and more dramatic in impact than the one we undertook in 2002. As I mentioned earlier, it will be the transformation needed that allows us to fully complete the transformation of our industry, to put the customer back in charge, to put competition back in our industry, and to put sustainable value creation back in the hands of real innovators. Now let me turn it back to Mike for our question-and-answer period.
Mike Haase: Thanks, Hector. Operator, let’s start the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is coming from Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke: Thanks so much. Could you just clarify how we should perceive your pace of investment in capacity, vis-à-vis prior plans, and also if you could give us any clarity on how you perceive with the elevated inventory level, how you would look at potentially clearing that. And then also, if there were any updates with respect to the timeline associated with Barcelona that Dirk was alluding to in terms of the second half of the year. Thank you.
Dirk R. Meyer: I will respond to both of those. First of all, going into Europe, our capacity plan was to fully facilitate the fab 36 building and start the conversion of fab 30 to is 300 millimeter toolset roughly the middle of this year, with the so-called fab 38 beginning to produce output early in 2008. And then, of course, we had chartered as a flex source of capacity. As compared to that change, the only real change going forward is that we will reduce the rate at which we convert fab 30 to a 200 millimeter toolset, so specifically we will still completely ramp fab 36. With respect to Barcelona, we started shipping pre-production -- oh, three questions. So with respect to Barcelona, we started shipping pre-production samples to customers in Q1. We anticipate shipping production samples in the current quarter and we will see customers shipping their products based on Barcelona in Q3. Finally, you had a question on inventory; to the first order, the products that we have in inventory are still products that are good in the marketplace. The market wants them. Our customers want them so we will just modestly adjust our production plans over the balance of this year and work off our inventory position over the next couple of quarters.
Tim Luke: In conjunction with that, your guidance for revenue is somewhat better than normal seasonality, and somewhat stronger than your larger competitor. Could you just reconcile how we should perceive the businesses that might be flat to slightly up, given the general context?
Robert J. Rivet: Sure. Clearly, if you have not picked up, we are pretty disappointed in our performance. The channel in particular, while we were optimistic we would see more improvement in the first quarter, we did not. We do see progress toward the end of the quarter and continuing in the second, and so that is part of the rebounding effort from that perspective, to give us confidence that even in a seasonally down quarter, we can power our way through that. Plus, we launched new products in the graphics business. So we have things, definite things to recover from from the first quarter, and new product introductions on the ATI classic side of the house that gives us a lot of confidence from that perspective. Also, in the C2, we know the design-ins we have and that product will start being shipped in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question is coming from JoAnne Feeney of FTN Midwest. Please go ahead.
JoAnne Feeney: Good afternoon. I have a question. I would love to hear a bit more about the restructuring. You mentioned the asset light strategy, and with such challenges to profitability going forward, it would seem like Texas Instruments has adopted, perhaps you could also use more of an asset light strategy to lower costs and to give yourselves more flexibility during these cyclical times.
Hector J. Ruiz: That is a very broad question and a challenging one, because as I mentioned in my talk, the level of restructuring that I am envisioning is very significant, and so it would be difficult to outline it on a phone call. But let me give it a try as to what we intend to discuss later on in the year. For example, four years ago, we had one product in the company that, through tweaking and maneuvering, we could actually make it serve various segments of the market. Today, we have proliferated on a product line towards goodness. We have a broad array of products, but now we are serving segments in the industry that each of these segments are large in size. For example, an entry level segment in an emerging market is a very large segment. All on its own, it actually requires its own separate business model in how to address that segment. Compare that to a workstation or super computer segment, which all on its own requires a completely different business model. Today, up to now, we have been running the company well. As a matter of fact, we ended last year at 26% share in units, as a result of a fairly successful four-year run that we had in doing it that way. But now as Dirk outlined, when we increase the complexity of going from a largely channel company to now one with a very heavy weighting towards OEMs and a complexity of products, we have to restructure how we address them. The way we manage the accounts is going to be different. Over the next few weeks, we will be internally announcing those changes methodically, all aimed at managing much more effectively this much more complex world that we live in. As part of that, one of the things that has become pretty clear in our experience, we have had now for a number of years had some experience in partnering with people such as, for example, IBM in joint development programs. That has started a lot about how you can do some asset light strategies, since we did not have to build an R&D laboratory to do that. We have had also an experience now for a number of years with some of our friends in the foundry business, and in particular the charter semiconductor. We have learned a lot of that. Through the acquisition of ATI, we now have a perspective into a very asset light model that we are pretty excited about learning more and more about it. When we look at all these things, we see a tremendous opportunity for us to really do something different going forward, but it’s unique for us. I think, for example, what Texas Instruments has done, as you said, is very good for them and is uniquely tailored for what they do. Whatever we do is going to have to be very uniquely tailored for us, because we have to be on one hand, in the workstation super computer environment at the leading, bleeding edge of technology, but on the entry level part of products is not quite as necessary. I think we are in a unique segment in the industry, the microprocessor industry where an asset light model may require a considerably different look and feel that you might recognize when you look at somebody like Texas Instruments. We are pretty pumped up about the opportunity. We think it is obviously not something you can do in a quarter or two, but we certainly intend to give you a stronger perspective in our summer analyst meeting.
JoAnne Feeney: Is this then what you referred to, Hector, when you remarked that the second half of the transformation of the company really will begin now?
Hector J. Ruiz: That is exactly right. We are making the organizational changes needed to address our business models more effectively. We are doing that now as we speak, and the broad action plans to do the much more complex issues, we actually started them sometime back. What we are doing today is accelerating them and putting in place an executive task force to oversee the execution and implementation of those plans.
JoAnne Feeney: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Danely of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. Could you just go through what your rough expectations are for pricing in the rest of the year? Do you think it is going to ease up a little bit? Also, maybe talk about gross margins and how to get those back up?
Henri P. Richard: I think we have seen some stabilization in the domain of pricing since the beginning of the year. For us, of course, there are a lot of dynamics. Our mobile business is growing. Our commercial business is growing. Our channel business, as it recovers will represent a larger portion of our shipments. Those are positive factors. But of course, we also expect the market to continue to be extremely competitive. So as a result, I think more stability but still a very complex and competitive environment.
Chris Danely: How do you expect gross margins to trend, given that type of environment?
Robert J. Rivet: From a gross margin perspective at a high level, clearly we are very disappointed in where we ended the first quarter. But the plans we have in place, I will call it from the product and technology standpoint of introducing new products, whether it is next month in the GPU world or in the Barcelona category, that is first and foremost. Second of course is just to remind you we are still in the early stages of 65 nanometer. As Dirk outlined, we have actually got to all the wafer starts but it takes you a good 10 weeks to pull all that product through and get it out the door. Quite a bit of our shipments in the first quarter were 65, but everyday more and more 65. Our inventory is well-positioned in 65 and that clearly will give us some margin opportunity because that die is 30% to 40% smaller on an equivalent basis between 90 nanometer and 65 nanometer. We feel like we will make progress every quarter to improve the gross margins as we continue through the year.
Chris Danely: That makes sense. And then, Bob, you mentioned that -- it sounds like this is not going to be the last of the restructuring. Should we expect op-ex to remain flattish in terms of dollars in the second-half of the year or will there be bigger changes?
Robert J. Rivet: You know, we are still working a lot of details on that but it will probably be less in particularly the G&A category in the second half of the year. We are watching ourselves very closely in the R&D investments, since that is the pipeline for the future. But in general, we are hoping we can get that bucket to be a little more efficient than it has been, therefore less in the second half.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Uche Orji of UBS. Please go ahead.
Uche Orji: Thank you very much. Just on the -- if I look on the pricing -- a question for Henri, your ASPs for server did not do so well in Q4. If I look out with the launch of Barcelona, how should we think about what that could do for your price, your ASPs on the server front? And you are talking about volume in Q3. Will that be significant volume in Q3? How should we think about what impact that could make?
Henri P. Richard: As I said, the pricing environment has stabilized, a little more complex. Our server ASP went up actually in the first quarter. Clearly the arrival of Barcelona, which we know is an extremely competitive product, will help us but we really are more focused on getting back to the volumes that we deserve than just being focused on ASPs. Those two come together. Of course, you are looking at revenue for the first quarter and those are important, but I am looking also a lot on design-in. Although Q1 has been a very disappointing quarter from a revenue perspective, it has been a very fruitful quarter from design-ins, both in the server market, in the desktop market, and in the mobile market. Now those will materialize in the marketplace in the second half of the year, along with our new products. Again, I feel that -- of course, Barcelona cannot come quick enough because of the excitement that the customers are showing based on what they have seen of the technology.
Uche Orji: That’s very helpful. In the channel, you referred to having lost some share in the channel. What efforts are you making to win that back and when should we start to see that bearing fruit?
Henri P. Richard: Well, you know, one of the important things in the channel is predictability and stability. Frankly, in the second-half of 2006, we have been challenged, particularly because of a very rapid shift from desktop to mobile. As you know, on an overall basis it is still an interesting shift for the industry but for the channel, it is seldom good news and we were challenged being as reliable as we used to be. We took the actions really at the end of Q4. Those actions started to pay a little bit in Q1 but it was a very difficult quarter for us. Frankly, one of the advantages of adding a little more inventory is now I am in a position to serve my customers on a timely basis in the product mix that is desired. Now, we do not expect this to turn around immediately. I think we will see, as Bob was pointing out, sequential improvement in the second quarter. I see no reason why we should not be again the franchise of choice that we used to be in the second-half of the year.
Uche Orji: Just a couple more questions; on the computing side, Bob, are you able to give us an idea of the split between MPU and chipset? Is that something you can tell us?
Robert J. Rivet: No, that is not a detail we want to get into.
Uche Orji: Finally, if I look on the detail of the asset light model you plan to embark on, are there any restrictions as to how much you count [inaudible] foundries?
Henri P. Richard: All of the plans that we are considering are all within the context of making sure that we meet the needs and requirements of all of our key agreements that we have.
Uche Orji: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Masdea of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Masdea: Thanks a lot. I guess questions on the pricing strategy. It is a pretty aggressive pricing quarter generally and it did not seem to have a lot of fruit. Clearly there were some channel issues this quarter but is that any sort of indication that you should back off the current pricing strategy, or is that even an option?
Henri P. Richard: Our pricing strategy has not fundamentally changed. We are pricing our products for what we believe is the value they provide in the marketplace. Now, one of the dynamics that is new is that we are now a platform company and the fact that we now have GPU technology, chipset technology, along with our CPU technology is allowing us to do more interesting things than we did in the past. Furthermore, this is placing an increased focus on graphics and that becomes a very important aspect of each platform. So as we look at design-in sockets in the future, we are in a position today to have a slightly different pricing strategy than we had in the past because instead of being a point product, we have a complete platform.
Michael Masdea: I guess that begs another question, which is you look in the past and when you were successful and you had real incremental drivers, whether it was power per watt, I think you focused on that earlier, dual core, 60 bit extensions or what have you. It does not seem obvious that that is out there in the future right now. Is it just that we are not seeing it yet or is there something you would point to that really can get you the differentiation to kind of keep decent ASPs and market share?
Dirk R. Meyer: First of all, we are very excited about the products that we have coming out near-term. In the dimension of performance per watt per square millimeter of silicon, both in the GPU category and in the CPU category, so I do think we are going to be very compelling in that dimension. Beyond the near-term, the whole motivator for the ATI acquisition was one of having the opportunity to deliver a solution with an optimized balance of CPU, GPU, video and media technology tuned to the task at hand. So we are not announcing any products based on that vision yet but longer term, that is absolutely the vision.
Michael Masdea: Got it. Maybe just a quick one for Bob; it looks like there was a little bit of financing that sort of came from the balance sheet in terms of your receivables. Is that -- some of that can’t repeat. Should we start to think about cash coming down a little bit more rapidly here? What is that threshold where you feel like you have to go out and raise some money as opposed to doing some of the other things you talked about?
Robert J. Rivet: Sure. First, I will start backwards and just remind you what I said. I have always said $1 billion is where I am very comfortable. $600 million is where you really have to go do something just for making all the machinery work appropriately, so we are still a little bit north of that at $1.2 billion, $600 million high. Clearly, thank you for noticing, we have been working on working capital, except for the inventory part of the equation. So we will continue to figure out how to utilize and get working capital to be as robust as possible from that standpoint. Then, we will start monetizing the four things I listed. Some of that you will see in the second quarter, whether it is the expansion issue or the 200 millimeter tools, selling land, et cetera, collecting grants and subsidies. Like I said, we are very focused on making sure we have the appropriate liquidity and I will be opportunistic in the market to go deal with that.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Joseph Osha of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Joseph Osha: Hi, folks. Back to Barcelona, you talked about that being available here in sample form in the second quarter. Are we going to see some of the Barcelona derivatives in the client products, in particular desktop, in the third quarter? I am also curious about this mix of Barcelona and Barcelona derivative versus the existing Brisbane 65 nanometer stuff. How do you see that toggling as the year progresses?
Dirk R. Meyer: First, you will see desktop variance of Barcelona in both two core and four core form in Q3 as well.
Joseph Osha: On the desktop side?
Dirk R. Meyer: Yes, on the desktop side. And relative to mix, we are not going to go to that level of detail.
Joseph Osha: Okay, that makes sense. May I ask a follow-up?
Dirk R. Meyer: Sure.
Joseph Osha: If I look at the mobile business, there you are going to be with Turion obviously on 65, but clearly that area is up for refresh. Could you talk a little bit about when we might see a new architecture show up in that segment of your business?
Dirk R. Meyer: We have a product lined up for the refresh cycle in 2008, which is a 65 nanometer product that will introduce both a new CP and a new platform.
Joseph Osha: That will show up later this year but effectively it does not really become part of the plan until 2008?
Dirk R. Meyer: Yes, it hits the OEM chassis refresh cycle in the first half of ’08.
Joseph Osha: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mark Lipacis of Prudential. Please go ahead.
Mark Lipacis: Great, thanks for taking my questions. A couple; first, on the cash flow side, Bob, could you remind us how many grants and subsidies you could expect to get for Dresden and anything on the timing there? And how much you think you could get for the 200 millimeter tools?
Robert J. Rivet: Both of those, just in broad terms, both of those are north of $200 million each, from that perspective. On the grants and subsidies, each of them actually we have started, so we have collected a little bit in the first and we will collect additional money in the second, third and fourth, so it gets spread out throughout the year.
Mark Lipacis: Okay, great, and then going to the asset light and the stratification comments, Hector, that you were making, are there limitations on how much you can outsource? Can you help us with parameters for us to think about when we think about the options that you guys have there? When you talk about stratifying your product sets, does that suggest that you could be developing microprocessor technology on both SOI and bulk CMOS? Does that even make sense? Thank you.
Hector J. Ruiz: As I said a little bit earlier, we have a broad array of IP licensing agreements with many people in the industry and every one of the options that we are considering for an asset light business model takes all of those into account and incorporates those into the agreements that we have. We have a lot of flexibility in those agreements. As a matter of fact, I would put it in the category of damn near infinite. Our plans are to start really narrowing down the choices and exploring the opportunities with the various possible partners that we could have in exploring that. It coves a whole gamut of opportunities, from everything like I mentioned earlier, we already have a joint development agreement with IBM which we view that as an asset light strategy from the point of view that we do not have to build an R&D facility, and all the way in to any aspect of the rest of the work that we do. The rest of it that you referred to as the stratification of our products is really more along the lines of the business models that we intend to focus on to be able to structure the organization such that it optimizes what is important for each of those business segments. As I used as an example, which is a good one to use, is perhaps an emerging market entry level product. It is a segment that needs to be managed with a very low level of overhead and an N-minus-one or N-minus two technology, perhaps even consider a bulk solution and, on top of that, perhaps the whole business can be run out of parts other than the United States. We are really going all across the possibilities and aggressively making those plans. We will share more of that with you as the year develops.
Mark Lipacis: That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Wong of AG Edwards. Please go ahead.
David Wong: Thank you very much. Can you tell us what mobile’s ASPs look like? You said that servers were actually up sequentially in the March quarter. Were mobile ASPs also stable throughout?
Dirk R. Meyer: They were marginally down.
David Wong: Right. Could you give us any quantification of sequential microprocessor units growth or declines in any of the segments?
Henri P. Richard: We typically do not give you those indications.
Robert J. Rivet: The only comment I would make to give you the best color would be ASPs were the small piece of the equation in the sequential movement quarter to quarter. It was mostly units. ASP were a piece of the equation but the driver was the unit drop quarter on quarter. That was in all segments, whether it is desktop, mobile, server.
Henri P. Richard: I would like to add one point. We need to wait a couple of weeks until all the analysts are publishing the sales out figure for the quarter, because we know that customers really dispose of inventory that they had built in the fourth quarter, and so you might be actually surprised by our sales out market share numbers versus what you are looking at today, which is sales in.
David Wong: Okay, great, and the last thing, can you tell us what your current schedule, expectations are for 45 nanometers?
Dirk R. Meyer: We will be starting 45 nanometer production in Dresden in the first half of next year, and shipping product early in the second half, and working every day to pull that in.
David Wong: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Krishna Shankar of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Krishna Shankar: As you look at the quarter, did you see the pricing pressure growth in the consumer and the corporate market? Can you give us some sense for the success you had in the corporate notebook and desktop market, now that you have API under your fold?
Henri P. Richard: Sure. So the first part of your question, which is there was no real significant difference in terms of the overall pricing environment, but of course we have different participation. I would say that in the consumer market, there is a broad level of competition in both mobile and desktop across all geographies, where today in the enterprise market the bulk is in the server segment. Now that leads to the second part of your question, which is what is going on with our commercial clients. We are, as planned, continuing to increase quarter after quarter the number of platforms offered by our key OEMs in increasing number of channels and increasing number of geographies and sales are growing quarter after quarter. Furthermore, there is another indicator which is a leading indicator of success, which is the latter part of your question which is since now we have ATI and therefore are able to offer a more complete platform, is that giving us some traction? As I indicated earlier in the call, I am very pleased with the level of design-in wins in the first quarter, even though I am not pleased with the level of sales in the quarter.
Krishna Shankar: Thank you. Hector, a lot more strategic question; there has been some speculation about private equity investors looking at AMD. What are your thoughts on getting out of the public spotlight and really working on this major restructuring phase two that you talked about out of the public eye? What does it take for AMD to do that? Would you seriously consider that?
Hector J. Ruiz: Well, as Bob has pointed out many times, we have absolutely no prejudice or bias towards the source of capital as long as it makes sense for us, and we are very open to any of those ideas. Bob is continuously looking and alert as to any opportunity that might come up for us to take advantage of it. As for the difference between -- I think your question was being a public company versus a private company, it is like everything else. If it is something that we think makes sense for our shareholders, we will certainly consider and look at it.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Glen Yeung of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Glen Yeung: As you come through this first quarter and obviously it is a difficult one, and you go through this restructuring, have you given any thought yet to what the target model for AMD is going to be? Has anything changed if we look one, two, three years out?
Dirk R. Meyer: Actually, no. We have looked at that pretty hard. Clearly depending on -- I will call it the extent of the asset light model, that could change the mix of how you deliver the end result, which I still believe needs to be in that 18% kind of range, but clearly if you have no assets, that number would change. So it will be worked and we will disclose that as soon as we have more specificity on the asset light strategy, but right now I would say it is business as usual. We are still driving to the model that I showed right after Thanksgiving.
Glen Yeung: Okay, that’s helpful. The other question I had is so you are now slowing down the transition of fab 30 to 38, which essentially means you are going to have a bit more 200 millimeter than you might have thought. What is the change to your output that we should expect from this? I think you have talked in the past about a unit potential in terms of your capacity. What is the change we should expect then?
Dirk R. Meyer: First of all, we are not going to change our plan relative to 200 millimeter output, so we will still start taking down 200 millimeter starts in fab 30 in the current quarter. We will simply lower the rate of 300 millimeter tool insertion into that shell. So the plan relative to unit output capacity is not going to change at all in 2007. It is going to change only modestly in 2008 and represents about a 10% potential change in 2009, if we stick to the plan which of course we have the opportunity to reevaluate.
Glen Yeung: Okay, and then the last question is just thinking a little bit near-term on Barcelona. Between now and -- I guess we are now mid-second quarter and you are expecting first ships out in the third quarter. Are there any milestones you have to hit? Are there any critical points we are going to need to see between now and then?
Dirk R. Meyer: There won’t be things that you will see necessarily. Of course we will be demonstrating Barcelona later on this summer. As I said, we will be shipping production samples to customers this quarter, but what really matters is customers turning around and shipping systems based on that technology.
Glen Yeung: It sounds like you guys are ready and it is really getting designed and moving the thing off the shelf.
Dirk R. Meyer: Simply want to -- qualifying our customers’ systems and getting those systems out the door.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael McConnell of Pacific Crest. Please go ahead.
Michael McConnell: Thank you. Regarding the asset light model, are there any restrictions to the amount you can outsource? Do you see any covenants within the X-86 license that you brokered with Intel back in the day?
Henri P. Richard: We have a number of broad IP licensing agreements with many companies, including Intel. Every one of the models we are looking at to implement takes all of that into account. We have an awful lot of flexibility, as I said earlier, so we feel pretty confident on what we want to do.
Michael McConnell: Are there any restrictions in terms of percentage of production that you could quantify?
Henri P. Richard: We do not talk about the details of IP licensing so the asset light model we are talking about is well within all of the guidelines that we have.
Michael McConnell: Okay, fair enough. Any chance we could get some comments on the breakout in Q1 between units and pricing?
Hector J. Ruiz: I think as Bob pointed out, we are disappointed that the pricing was not as stable as we would have hoped. Although it has firmed up, as Henri pointed out, the main issue we had frankly was volume. The volume was significantly below where we wanted and that is 80% or so the driver of the challenge.
Michael McConnell: Looking at the graphics business, any way we could get an apples-to-apples comparison between Q4 and Q1? I know there was a limited amount of revenue in Q4, but is there any way we could get an idea of what the growth was quarter to quarter there, full quarter to full quarter?
Henri P. Richard: I will give you -- basically the revenue was slightly down. Units was up and ASP was slightly down. Frankly, it is logical since we are waiting for the launch of our brand new R600 line of products, which will enable us to restore the price positioning in the marketplace.
Michael McConnell: Okay, and just on that note -- last question and I will go away -- the R600 stack coming out in late May, is that enough time for the window before back to school, or should we be thinking about this more for the holiday season?
Henri P. Richard: Well, you know, when you think about back to school, a large majority of those machines use integrated graphics, so there is very little impact of discrete graphics. As you know, the launch of the R600 is essentially a discrete graphics launch. Those cores will find their way into integrated chipsets later in the cycle. I feel that when you have the right technology, particularly in the enthusiast space, it gets gobbled up pretty quickly and those people do not actually march their purchases based on cycles.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Sumit Dhanda of Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda: I had a couple of questions. Your outlook for the second quarter, up slightly in the face of weak seasonality, but your channel inventory, at least for what your deferred revenue line would suggest, does not seem to have improved. Can you help us reconcile that discrepancy? And then I had a couple of follow-ups.
Hector J. Ruiz: Henri, you have been on top of this channel inventory issues. Perhaps you could comment on that.
Henri P. Richard: If you will recall, as we indicated, starting at the end of the second quarter of ’06, really into the third and fourth quarter, we ran our business with a really depressed channel inventory situations. We were able in the first quarter to restore that, so what you see as an increase is really in absolute just getting back to what we need to have out there to have, as I pointed out, consistency and predictability of supply. I am not concerned whatsoever with our inventory position, either with our channel partners or our key OEMs, to be frank.
Sumit Dhanda: The other question I have, I know you talked a little bit, Bob, about restructuring efforts, et cetera, but can you help us understand why the R&D line was up so significantly on a sequential basis for the first quarter?
Robert J. Rivet: The part you have to remember is we only had nine weeks of the ATI Corporation that we purchased on October 24th in the fourth quarter, so there was an unnatural nine-week to 13-week comparison. ATI is a very engineering-centric corporation that we purchased. That is what we really wanted in that acquisition, so that is why you saw that line move so much.
Sumit Dhanda: The last thing in terms of the restructuring, you are in a difficult position, as you pointed out on the call. Your competitor, when it was in the same position last year, took some very aggressive actions but your rhetoric does not seem to suggest anything as aggressive from a headcount reduction perspective. Help us understand why that is not the case, or is this something you are going to flesh out in more detail on the analyst day?
Hector J. Ruiz: Well, first of all, let me make sure we put this in perspective. Our hats’ off to our competitor. They have done a good job in closing the gap in their product line. It took them four years to do it and I think they have done a good job. I think they were in to some difficult challenges and I certainly am sympathetic and understand them. In our case frankly, we had four years of continuously every quarter out-performing our competition, and then to use the analogy of football, we had a non-defeated season and lost the first game of the play-offs. Well, we are not going to change dramatically what we were thinking of doing as a result of one lousy quarter. We do have to make adjustments, as Bob pointed out. I think we are going to take advantage of this opportunity to accelerate our performance management culture. As a result of the further understanding of the integration with ATI, we now have ideas on how to better manage the company and therefore the results are more efficiencies. When you combine all that between now and the end of the second quarter, we know we are going to have 500 plus people out that will leave the company. Going beyond that, we have not changed our goals, our objectives, our strategy, our technology plans. Our customers like our roadmaps and to execute those, we need the top talent in our engineering organization, which is really our company. We are an engineering company and we need the best and brightest, which we have, and we intend to execute to that. And that is the difference.
Sumit Dhanda: One final question for you, Dirk, you said 100% of the wafer starts are 65 nanometers. Can you give us a sense of what the proportion is within microprocessors from a shift product perspective?
Dirk R. Meyer: I do not think we want to be specific, other than to say in Q1 it was not quite half, and I will remind you that comment was a fab 36 specific comment relative to the wafer start at 65 nanometers.
Sumit Dhanda: What percent of your 65 nanometer starts are through fab 36 at this point?
Dirk R. Meyer: 100%.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello: Thanks so much. A quick question -- the guidance for Q2, does that assume share gain, share loss, or no change in the microprocessor segment?
Henri P. Richard: From which quarter, from Q1 or from a year ago?
Jim Covello: No, I’m sorry, the sequential guidance of flat to up slightly.
Henri P. Richard: By definition, given the guidance of our competition, it means share gain.
Jim Covello: Okay, I wasn’t sure what the mix was relative to some of the other segments as opposed to pure microprocessor. So you think you will gain share in the second quarter?
Henri P. Richard: Yes.
Jim Covello: What gives you confidence in that after the last couple of quarters?
Henri P. Richard: Well, again, if you look at the third and the fourth quarter, despite some of our challenges, we were gaining share. As Hector pointed out, we had a very difficult quarter. But as I also told you, our design-in pipeline has never been stronger. What is selling in the market is one thing. How many systems are your OEM proposing, how many countries are they offering your products in, how many customers are having access to your programs -- all of these things are not changing and we are seeing, particularly in the mobile space, we had a 30% year-on-year growth when the competition actually went down. We are continuing to see good momentum on design win and that is why we are expecting that we could have a decent second quarter.
Jim Covello: From a philosophical perspective, maybe you could help us. Obviously as you said, tough quarter. You did not see it coming. Any thought about maybe taking a little bit more conservative approach to the guidance, given that it has been a few quarters in a row that you have had some struggles meeting the top line guidance?
Hector J. Ruiz: Believe me, we are not happy with -- let me make it clear that we are doing all we can to make sure that on one hand, we are not ridiculously conservative but on the other hand, although we are pleased to see, to have confidence that we are going to do better in the second quarter, frankly it is increasing share off a really lousy quarter, so I would not put a big flag on top of that and wave it. What I would like to point out, because again we have to be careful to put one quarter in perspective, is that a gain in unit share for 14 consecutive quarters, and last quarter, yes, there was a meltdown, we collapsed, we are very upset about it, we understand it, as Dirk pointed out. We know exactly the things that led to the perfect storm. We are going to fix them and we are making progress as we speak. Therefore, from such a lousy beginning, we expect to improve and throughout the year, we expect to improve quarter by quarter.
Jim Covello: Okay, and then Bob, depreciation for calendar Q2, can you help us with that?
Robert J. Rivet: Sure. Depreciation will take another increase upwards in the tune of $25 million to $40 million quarter on quarter.
Jim Covello: Great. Thank you very much.
Mike Haase: Operator, we are going to take two more questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Kevin Rottinghaus from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Kevin Rottinghaus: Thank you. Could you help us out with your thoughts on just general PC demand and maybe channel inventories of PCs?
Henri P. Richard: I think that in general, the first quarter was not a great quarter. Particularly, we saw a lot of softness in the enterprise market in North America. By contrast, I think greater China continued to show some robust demand. Overall, I would say not a stellar quarter, and certainly some pockets of heavy pressure, particularly North America and to a lesser degree, Europe.
Kevin Rottinghaus: Did you say your enterprise segment grew again in 1Q sequentially?
Henri P. Richard: I’m sorry, I didn’t get that question?
Kevin Rottinghaus: Did you say your enterprise segment grew again in 1Q sequentially?
Robert J. Rivet: No. The answer would be no. Enterprise did not grow.
Kevin Rottinghaus: How about on the platform wins? You are talking about a very strong pipeline. When does that start to convert into revenues? Is that a 3Q event? How far along are you with that?
Henri P. Richard: In terms of some of the -- we just announced a new series of chipsets. You will start to see platforms based on those chipsets sometime in the third quarter. It is driven mainly by the rapid adoption of HD standards in a lot of the consumer devices and it is widely known that with ATI we have a very strong position in the video space, and so we are seeing a lot of success with that particular aspect of what this platform offers.
Kevin Rottinghaus: On the core PC side, is that -- should we expect an acceleration in that business in 3Q based upon platforms starting to take off? When should that really start to hit?
Henri P. Richard: You have to remember that in that particular segment of our business, we have two contradicting trends. We obviously are increasing our business on AMD platforms but we also have some Intel business that we will continue to ramp down, so it is difficult for me to predict exactly how those two are going to gel into a total.
Kevin Rottinghaus: Okay, and then just lastly, I know there are still some OEMs you are not working with currently, particularly on the notebook side. Anything you could tell us there as far as traction you’ve gained or any expectations you might have for this year as far as new OEMs or new platform additions?
Henri P. Richard: No, other than repeating what Dirk said in his statements, which is we have an increased focus of continuing to not only deepen our relationship with existing customers but also create new relationships.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is coming from Gurinder Kalra of Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Gurinder Kalra: Just a question on your R600 launch. Can you provide us more details in terms of timing, whether it will be a hard launch or a soft launch, how much product do you expect to have and in what categories? Would there be a performance product or a performance mainstream product?
Henri P. Richard: We are going to announce those products in the second part of May. The location has been picked. It is a series of 10 products covering the entire stack with DX10 capabilities, leading edge performance and more importantly, a solution that works with [WECO] qualified drivers.
Gurinder Kalra: Would you expect to have substantive quantities of product available at the launch?
Henri P. Richard: Absolutely. We do not do soft launches.
Gurinder Kalra: Thank you.
Operator: I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. Mike Haase for any closing comments. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Haase: Thank you very much for participating on the call today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Advanced Micro Devices Inc. first quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful evening.

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-24 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jeanne and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Advanced Micro Devices Inc. fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) It is now with great pleasure I turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike Haase. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Mike Haase: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Our participants today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman and CEO; Dirk Meyer, our President and COO; Bob Rivet, our Chief Financial Officer; and Henri Richard, our Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. This call is a live broadcast and will be replayed at amd.com. The telephone replay number is 877-519-4471. Outside of the United States, the number is 973-341-3080. The access code for both is 8264808. Telephone replay will be available for the next ten days, starting later tonight. In addition, I would like to call to your attention that our Q1 2007 earnings quiet time will begin at the close of business Friday, March 16th. Before I begin today’s call, I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements about management’s expectations. Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations as set forth in the forward-looking statements. The semiconductor industry is generally volatile, and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business and risk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. You’ll find detailed discussion in our most recent SEC filings, including AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2005, and AMD’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended October 1, 2006. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob Rivet.
Robert J. Rivet: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon. First, I would like to point out that as a result of AMD's acquisition of ATI, fourth quarter financials include results from the former ATI operation beginning October 25, 2006. Because comparison of the fourth quarter consolidated financial results to previous periods do not correlate directly, AMD had provided non-GAAP financial information for historical AMD in our press release. Management believes this non-GAAP presentation will aid investors by presenting current and historical results in a comparable format. In addition, financial comparisons to 2005 do not include the results from our former memory product segment. Let’s start. AMD's revenue in the fourth quarter of 2006 was $1.77 billion, including approximately $50 million in royalty and patent license revenue. Loss per share for the fourth quarter was $1.08. This includes $550 million, or $1.04 per share, from ATI acquisition related and integration charges. From here forward, I’ll refer to them as ARC charges. And another $27 million, or $0.05 per share, from employee stock-based compensation expense. Fourth quarter operating profits were $50 million, excluding ARC charges and stock-based compensation expense. Fourth quarter 2006 gross margin was 40%, excluding ARC charges and stock-based compensation expense, compared to 52% in the third quarter of 2006. The decrease from the prior quarter was largely due to significantly lower server processor ASPs, and the inclusion of ATI operations. AMD historical business generated revenue of $1.37 billion, up 2% from the fourth quarter of 2005 and up 3% from the third quarter of 2006. Operating income for the period was $63 million, compared to $142 million in the third quarter. Now I’ll switch to the business segments. Computation product revenue was $1.34 billion, up 3% from the prior quarter, and units increased by 19% sequentially. Our mobile and desktop processor sales were strong, and we believe we gained unit share. Mobile unit shipments and revenue increased 41% sequentially. Desktop processor unit shipments increased 14% and revenue 8% sequentially. The drop in desktop ASPs were driven primarily by a shift in customer mix. Server processor unit shipments were essentially flat quarter over quarter, and ASPs declined significantly. Operating income for computation products was $73 million. For the former ATI operation segments, revenue for the period October 25 through December 31, 2006, or 68 days of the fourth quarter, total $398 million, at the high-end of our guidance. Revenue in the graphics and chipset segment was $278 million, with an operating loss of $33 million. The consumer electronic segment achieved revenue of $120 million, and an operating income of $20 million. Now I’ll turn to the balance sheet. After completing the acquisition of ATI through a combination of cash, debt and stock, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.5 billion. Total debt of $3.8 billion includes $2.2 billion associated with the ATI acquisition. Total inventory of $814 million includes $314 million from former ATI operations. Inventory for the historical AMD business increased $34 million, as we continue to ramp FAB 36 65-nanometer products. Fourth quarter capital expenditures were $668 million. As I laid out at our analyst day last month, in the fourth quarter, AMD's reported segments include Computation Products, Embedded Products, Graphics and Chipsets, and Consumer Electronics. Beginning in our first quarter of 2007, we will report three business segments: Now let’s turn to the outlook. AMD's outlook statement for the first quarter are based on current expectations. The following statements are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Because the first quarter will be our first full quarter including the former ATI businesses, we are providing ranges for revenue and operating expenses for the period. In a seasonally down first quarter, AMD expects revenue to be in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion. Operating expenses, which include R&D and SG&A, will be in the range of $710 million to $760 million. Employee stock-based compensation expense in the first quarter is expected to be approximately $32 million at the current share price, and first quarter ARC charges will be approximately $120 million, of which $30 million will have cost of sales. In summary, 2006 was a very good year. We made significant strides in taking additional market share in our computation products business, and our customers are responding positively to the acquisition of ATI. With that, I will turn it over to Dirk.
Dirk R. Meyer: Thank you, Bob. We are not satisfied with our financial performance in Q4, and we need to improve our results in the future, but it is important to acknowledge the strategic success that 2006 represented for AMD. We gained processor share in every quarter, finishing the year with another record quarter for unit shipments. Compared to 2005, we grew our annual processor unit shipments 135% in our server business, 78% in our mobile business, and 35% overall. Clearly the marketplace demands choice. We made good progress on our customer acquisition strategy. In greater China, Founder and Tongfang chose to become AMD customers, and Lenovo expanded their business with us. IBM expanded their AMD-based platform portfolio, HP broadened their agreements with us, and Dell began shipping AMD-based server, desktop, and mobile products. All of this great progress in the marketplace has allowed us to fund some new investments, one of which was our acquisition of ATI technologies. We closed the deal in Q4, and the integration is already largely behind us. This new company has phenomenal assets. We have assembled world-class talent in every discipline, and the acquisition adds 5,000 great people spanning every major area of the business. We have a portfolio of customers and partners that place us at the confluence of the computing and consumer electronics industries, all looking to AMD to support them as a customer-centric processing powerhouse and strategic partner. We have technology leadership in key product areas , X86 CPUs and associated chipsets, graphics and video processing. We have world-class manufacturing capability and a flex fab strategy designed to serve the desires of our customers as well as our shareholders. Looking forward, our priorities are simple: to acquire new customers, to serve our current customers increasingly well, and to provide long-term value to our shareholders. Understanding what it takes to satisfy our customers is pretty simple. They want good products delivered in volume at the time and the place they need them. On the product side, as evidenced by our continued share gains, our customers like the products we’re shipping to them today, but they are even more excited about the opportunities presented in our roadmap. Our improved X86 architecture and the family of products which is its base, such as Barcelona, our quad-core offering in the server space, will introduce new levels of performance and power efficiency. Likewise, our GPU technology provides the ultimate Vista experience today, and the R600 family, our next generation graphics engine, will delight customers and end users worldwide. On the supply side, we will continue to ramp our capacity by building out assets like FAB 36, and by converting FAB 30 to a 300-millimeter tool set. We will complete our conversion to 65-nanometer technology this year, and lay the groundwork for a transition to 45-nanometers in the first-half of next year. At the same time, we will continue to optimize our supply chain to give customers what they want when they want it. We need to improve our financial performance relative to what we delivered in Q4. We will do so by delivering improved products, lowering our manufacturing costs, increasing our operating efficiencies across all disciplines, and continuing to grow share. As we look back at the last few years, we feel we have made great progress. The assets we have assembled and our plans to use them with and for our customers together make for a very bright future. With that, I would like to turn it over to Hector for some closing remarks.
Hector J. Ruiz: Thank you, Dirk. You know, I normally read from a prepared script in this conference. This time, I’m not going to do that. I’m going to talk to you from the gut. What I want to tell you is a little bit of history and put it in the context that I believe will show you why I am incredibly optimistic and excited by the future of this company, more than I have been in the seven years that I have been with this company. First of all, we made the decision a few years back to really base everything we do on the mantra of our company that we call customer-centric innovation. We started that journey when we launched Opteron in early 2003. The elegance of that product was in its simplicity, a direct connect architecture that today continues to serve our customers extremely well, and an extension to 64-bit of the X86 instruction tech, which was exactly what customers in the market really wanted. That allows us to go at the most difficult part of the industry in trying to establish credibility and confidence in our team to be able to deliver to them the kind of products and technology they needed. That was very successful. As a matter of fact, we went from being almost nowhere in the server enterprise space to finish in 2006 with approximately a share number in the mid-20s. We believe that is quite an accomplishment. That credibility that we built and the confidence that customers began to have in us also led us to an expansion of our business with them in the client space. That opportunity opened up for us a huge window through which we could acquire customers, and we embarked on a customer acquisition strategy that today continues. As Dirk pointed out, we were able to convince customers such as IBM, Sun, HP, and others, and eventually Dell, to really adopt our technologies across the board. For three consecutive years, we have grown market share, from going in the mid-teens back three years ago to end in 2006 also in the 20s. You know, the strategy turned out to be pretty simple. All it meant is that we had to focus on innovation that was truly relevant to our customers, the marketplace and the industry. In doing so, we came up with customer-specific metrics, customer-specific products, and customer-specific technologies. Some of the examples is a tremendous opportunity we saw in the large urban data centers, when their consumption of power was increasing at a non-sustainable space. That opportunity allows us to redefine the data centers value proposition, and turn it to being just from raw performance to performance per watt, and our Opteron and direct connect architecture established a leadership position. Just as an example of customer-specific products, we used this wonderful architecture to also address the very unique space of the enthusiast and gaming community. Our technology led us to the creation of a family of products that we’d refer to as FX. That technology and those products has been so successful for several years that it allows us in the fourth quarter of last year to ship a record number of FX products into that segment. We also had customer-centric technologies, because we recognize that the industry’s addiction to single-core clock frequency was something that was past due, and that we had to introduce the industry and our customers to a new way of looking at how to innovate by looking at workflow and application-specific performance. Therefore, we introduced the first ever dual-core server product into the marketplace, an X86 instruction. I have to say that after such a major change in the industry, that the competition has followed suit and created also their own extension to X86 and their own multi-core technology roadmaps. But it’s more than just about cores. It really is about mapping technology to specific usages. For example, GP/GPU, [inaudible] and Fusion, those are the technologies that you heard us talk about in our analyst day. By now, you can see how beautiful the ATI acquisition fits in our long-term strategy. We see the opportunity to exploit Moore’s laws in a very intelligent fashion, by focusing on what’s relevant to our customers. Because of the acquisition of the ATI cadre of people, technology, and products, we are the only company that is positioned to truly be able to deliver on this. As I said before, it’s more than just about cores. It is true that Moore’s law is allowing some people to claim that putting 64 cores, or even 128 cores on one piece of silicon can be the future of this industry. I beg to differ. As a matter of fact, I think those products and technologies are going to find their rightful place in the Pentium where Pentium 4 at 10 gigahertz lies. Our customer-centric innovation strategy is working, and the ATI acquisition is a phenomenal asset that is going to allow us to take it to another level. As we said in our analyst meeting, we’re really intensely focusing on continuing to drive energy efficient leadership in computing, to delivering the ultimate visual experience, and to enable affordable Internet usage across the world. The demand for our technology is greater than our current share of the business, and largely the limiting factor has been the monopoly behavior that’s been abusive by our competitor. Our customers want us to win and increase the share of their business. They like choice and demand more choice, and they want us to have the capacity to offer that choice and continue to offer the kind of innovation that we have provided, and of course, to help drive growth. They are demanding that we fight for share, and we will. We will continue to expand our capacity in response to this customer need. The interesting thing that in doing these things that I just talked about, we have actually forced the competition to become more efficient. But in doing so, it makes us realize that we have to raise our own efficiency to a higher level, so we are focusing a flawless execution on completing our 65-nanometer transition by this summer, and we’re looking at accelerating 45-nanometer and closing the gap with our competitor. We will carefully manage costs, but we also believe that we’re going to have to tweak our business model because we believe we have to achieve prosperity in an environment where pricing competition is going to be tougher than perhaps we had originally planned. We will do whatever it takes to continue on our path to deliver customer-centric innovation this year and beyond. You know, after all, we have been, are, and will continue to be the company that offers the best value proposition to our customers. We will accomplish this by continuing to attract and retain the best and brightest people in the industry, and by having our now 15,000 or so AMD’rs intensely focused on customer-centric innovation. We thank our employees. Now, let me turn it back to Mike for the Q&A.
Mike Haase: Thanks, Hector. Operator, let’s start the polling process for Q&A, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is coming from Uche Orji of UBS New York. Please go ahead.
Uche Orji: Just a couple of questions. First of all, for Bob, if I look at the gross margin you reported this quarter, can you just give us an idea how to think about gross margin for next year? If you can also tell us what that means for your cash flow, given that you gave us a guidance of negative $500 million free cash flow for 2007 at the analyst day.
Robert J. Rivet: Sure. First, I’d like to start, to answer that question, everything we talked about at the analyst day, we still truly believe. There is no backing off of that, of that perspective. So a lot of the guidance I gave at the analyst day, we are still trying to execute as we begin this year. So the 50% gross margin plus or minus a few is still our goal for 2007. As we talked about, that will take a while to get there as we integrate the ATI operation and adjust accordingly, and as we transition in our microprocessor business to full 65-nanometer, fill up the factory. We will continue to show improvement in our cost structure to improve our gross margin. We also see improvement in our mix of products, so we’re not backing off anything we talk to you about at the conference, with the maniacal focus, as Hector said, of even maybe turning up the notches a couple more notches in cost reduction efforts to make sure that we can achieve those targets. From a cash flow perspective, the same thing. We’re still going to spend $2.5 billion on capital expenditures this year to increase our capacity based on what our customers are telling us they want us to do. That will generate a negative cash flow, but as you can see from the balance sheet, we’re prepared for that.
Uche Orji: Right. Just one more question, given that you’re getting a full quarter of ATI, is it possible for you to give us more color on the revenue guidance for Q1? Given that we had just basically two months of ATI in Q4, and now we have a full quarter, it’s a bit hard for me to reconcile what ATI is going to do next quarter and what that means also for AMD core business.
Hector J. Ruiz: First of all, the ATI business, when you look at it from the perspective of the customers, they are customers that are heavily involved in the consumer electronic business -- digital television, handsets, et cetera. From that perspective, their strongest quarter that ATI normally has is the fourth quarter that we just finished. So looking at that fourth quarter and trying to do some extrapolation and analysis for the first quarter frankly becomes very difficult, because historically the first quarter is the weakest quarter those particular segments also have. We have done the best we can in trying to anticipate how we think the first quarter might look. Frankly, we are getting mixed signals from our customers, both in the consumer electronics space as well as the PC space. The market seems to be a little uncertain. The uncertainty around Vista is still there, even though we’re very, very bullish on what Vista is going to do for the whole year, but the first quarter impact is rather questionable. The other piece is that pricing is incredibly challenging. We expect it to be for at least all of the year, but in particular for the first-half of the year. When you combine all that, we’re taking a very cautious approach to the first quarter.
Uche Orji: This is kind of slightly different from what you said at the analyst day about a benign pricing scenario. In our assumptions, should we then assume that ASPs will be down for 2007?
Hector J. Ruiz: No. As Bob pointed out, there are a number of things occurring. One of them is our product mix continues to move to spaces in which we did not participate before, and these are particularly the client commercial space. The consumer electronic business has got a lot of potential, and we believe it has a phenomenal opportunity to grow at decent margins. Also, the momentum to convert to mobile continues. We believe that what occurred in the fourth quarter will continue throughout 2007. When you combine all those things, we believe that we still have the opportunity to be slightly up in ASPs in 2007.
Uche Orji: Finally, could you just remind us of the timing of the delivery of the RF contract hurtles from ATI?
Henri P. Richard: We’re still planning to bring to market the RF600 product in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Adam Parker of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Adam Parker: I just have two questions, or two general areas here. One, Hector, your customers, or Bob, I guess, either one, your customers are telling you to spend cap-ex. How will you know when you’re at the point that the customers just want you to add capacity to create excess? Are they really ever going to tell you to stop adding capacity?
Hector J. Ruiz: I certainly understand why you asked that question, Adam, but I think what our customers are asking us is that they want to increase their share of the business that they do with AMD. They’re not necessarily just adding capacity, period. They want an AMD portfolio that is expanding. As we mentioned earlier, we’ve been on a customer acquisition strategy for quite some time. Well, we’re not through. As a matter of fact, we still have major customers around the world that have yet to buy the phenomenal value that AMD offers. So we still have even other customers yet to acquire, so we believe that these customers, what they’re telling us we want to increase the share of our business with you. We want to buy more product from you. It is good for us, it is good for the industry, it is good for our customers. I think we are a long way off from ever being able to see a scenario where we think we should back off.
Adam Parker: All right, maybe just then the follow-up, or the question related to that would be on the server business. It seems pretty clear, at least for the last two quarters, that Intel has gained a lot of revenue share in server, and their pricing is way up and yours is way down. To what do you attribute that? How can you remedy it? What’s your sales pitch here on the one and two-way server space? Could you help at all with that? I think the surprise here is just really up to six months ago is how your server ASPs have trended versus Intel’s in the second-half of ’06.
Henri P. Richard: First, I would like to remind you that our ASPs in the server space were higher than Intel’s, so there was a correction, certainly, as they came with a more competitive product. Secondly, it’s clear that particularly in the fourth quarter, the competition became very severe in the last month. As you know, it’s an enterprise-driven business, a lot of the deals are back-end loaded. There was a lot of headwind in terms of closing some of the large businesses that were out there. Coupled with the fact that we had some new product introductions that frankly were not executed by the customers as well as we expected, and the fact that we will introduce a new architecture next year, and some customers are waiting for that to --
Adam Parker: Next year, you said?
Henri P. Richard: I mean this year, sorry. And some customers are waiting to see what sort of performance improvements they’re going to see from that introduction.
Adam Parker: So you’d expect this trend to last at least one more quarter in servers, is that fair?
Henri P. Richard: I think that, as we stated at the analyst meeting, we expect the first-half of the year to be extremely competitive. Now, as you pointed out, there are segments where we have opportunities to grow. Clearly we still have, in a lot of the markets outside Europe and the U.S. a growth opportunity in the traditional server space. We had very low footprint into one key server space, so we have some opportunity to grow, but we expect the environment to be extremely competitive and there’s clearly a targeted action from the competition on that segment.
Adam Parker: Henri, what’s the sales pitch in the first-half of the year in the one-way server space?
Henri P. Richard: Best value in the industry.
Adam Parker: All right. I’ll leave you guys alone. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mark Edelstone of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Edelstone: Thanks, guys, a couple questions. First, Bob, there’s obviously some of the charges that you’re taking for ATI that were pulled out of non-GAAP gross margin. I just wanted to get the review of that, if I could, in terms of what of the charges listed there are actually being pulled out to come to that 40% number?
Robert J. Rivet: Sure, Mark. It’s the $62 million we highlighted, which is part of the acquisition related charges associated with the gross up you need to do in inventory for GAAP. That will burn off over the fourth quarter and first quarter as the $30 million I just talked about in my script a little while ago.
Mark Edelstone: Got it. Okay, and then the other -- [multiple speakers] -- charges that you have for amortization and integration charges, where are those showing up in the P&L?
Robert J. Rivet: They’re all on a separate line item. The rest are all at a separate line item, as you see on the P&L just before operating income.
Mark Edelstone: Okay, got it. Perfect. Then, could you just walk us through maybe, Henri or Hector, what type of decline you saw in server ASPs in the quarter? Then also, what type of decline you might have seen in the PC client side of the business as well?
Hector J. Ruiz: Henri will comment on the server piece. You know, we did not see any major shift in the desktop client pricing. We actually saw a modest improvement in the mobile space. So all of our issues with pricing were related to the server segment. As Henri pointed out, it was a very competitive scenario. We expect it to continue to be. We’re making plans to adjust to that for at least the first two quarters of the year. As Henri also pointed out, we think that will also begin to change as we introduce our new architecture in the summer.
Mark Edelstone: Henri, what was the actual decline you saw in server ASPs?
Henri P. Richard: I’m not going to go there, Mark, but I will add something to what Hector described, which his we did start a strategy -- you know, we have an architectural advantage in four socket servers, and it’s also a direct plug-in of our new technology in those four socket environments. We have an aggressive commercial strategy to move a certain portion of the market that’s been impaired until now by both hardware costs and software licensing costs to move from 2P to 4P. Some of the ASP decline is related to that strategy of moving the market to four socket systems.
Mark Edelstone: Okay, and maybe just one last final question on the environment, again either for Hector or Henri. Hector, you sort of talked about some of the near-term uncertainties in the PC market, but maybe just give us your broad sense of how you think the health of the market looks right now, especially coming off of 19% sequential unit growth for you in Q4? Maybe some thoughts on how inventories look out there in the broad marketplace of your products?
Hector J. Ruiz: I’ll make a general comment, Mark, that we are frankly, unit-wise, we’re quite bullish about 2007. I acknowledge that there are a number of reasons why the first quarter is a little wacky, but 2007 to us looks very healthy. We truly believe, and as we have had our own experiences ourselves, that Vista will provide impetus to unit demand in 2007 and beyond. We think it’s going to be a great innovation that will bring a lot of value to the marketplace. We see an expansion of PCs in spaces where we’re beginning to see -- 2007 will be the beginning of that. It will start to occur. An example of that is we believe that this year will be the first time that our 50 by 50 initiative will actually ship several million pieces in 2007. All in all, from a unit perspective, we feel pretty bullish.
Henri P. Richard: If I may add, just on the question of inventory, Mark, as you know, we were lower than we would have liked in terms of channel inventory in the third and fourth quarter. We were able to restore that at the very end of the fourth quarter in order to position ourselves in a much better velocity for the first quarter. But at the same time, we also took a prudent approach to the channel inventory in the graphics business, where we think that there’s model improvement that we intend to execute in the first and second quarter of ’07.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke: Thanks very much. Just for Bob, with the sequentially lower revenue guidance that you’ve provided, we should be thinking about the gross margin moving sequentially lower before improving through the year. Is that the right framework?
Robert J. Rivet: No, I think you have that backwards. Even though revenue we’re guiding to be lower than fourth quarter, with the improvement of 65-nanometer, more of that output continuing to come on board, servicing the channel as Henri just talked about a minute ago, we believe gross margins will actually improve quarter on quarter. In particular, the microprocessor business. We also believe so in the former ATI businesses too, as we continue to execute the game plans there.
Tim Luke: That’s very helpful. Do you have a framework for thinking about the basis point degree we should think about improvement?
Robert J. Rivet: Probably not ready to give that kind of guidance. I just would say it will improve from the current level.
Tim Luke: Just a clarification on the tax rate, what should we be thinking about?
Robert J. Rivet: Still holding to the guidance I gave at the analyst conference, which we are working desperately to figure out how to lower that guidance, but at this point, the guidance is unchanged. It will be a little choppy, of course, but -- so unchanged at this point.
Tim Luke: Just on the market, maybe for Henri just to follow-up on Mark’s question, with respect to units in the first quarter, could you give us some sense of how you’ve historically seen the seasonality, and obviously Hector was talking about a little bit of uncertainty in the first quarter, ahead of Vista, how you think that it would compare to normal seasonality in terms of the units, given what seems to have been for you a pretty decent unit number in the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Henri P. Richard: I will place your question in the context of microprocessors, right?
Tim Luke: Yes, okay.
Henri P. Richard: Typically, the seasonality in the first quarter is down about 4% at the midpoint. I think one of the factors that I want to underline that Hector mentioned is that there is a certain amount of added uncertainty with regard to Vista -- its rapid adoption, any problem at launch, how will it affect inventories. That is another factor that makes the first quarter a little more complex than I would say the average first quarter, because Microsoft does not launch a new operating system every other year. That’s the guidance I can give you. I think we are going to have a seasonal quarter from that perspective, but there are certain uncertainties in the marketplace in terms of the impact of Vista and how will it drive consumer behaviors.
Tim Luke: The notebook ASP was up, actually. Could you clarify what the desktop ASP did?
Henri P. Richard: Well, the mobile ASP was slightly up and the desktop ASP was slightly down, but marginal.
Tim Luke: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Masdea of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Masdea: Thanks a lot. I just want to ask you, your competitor seems to be talking a lot about using a strategy of basically offering more silicon, more cores at the same price as the prior generation. Is that fundamentally something that’s got to change before you can drive your profitability, or are there other ways to get around that?
Dirk R. Meyer: I don’t know what you mean by “got to change”, but if you look at what’s happening in the marketplace, it is similar to what’s always happened in our business. That is to say, new features, new capabilities get introduced at the top of the price stack and slowly over time get rolled down the price stack, and that’s in fact what you see with dual core. That’s what we’ve been doing, that’s what the competition’s doing, so from that perspective, nothing new.
Michael Masdea: Maybe another way to ask -- what steps are you taking to drive that mix? What should we, from a tangible perspective, look for? What are you doing on the enterprise side, and what else are you doing to really improve the mix over the course of the next year-and-a-half?
Dirk R. Meyer: Yes, improve the mix is again a funny one. Just for reference though, dual-core mix in our product line in Q4 was roughly about a third. We’ve got an opportunity to accelerate that as a percentage of our overall product line going forward. Probably more rapidly then, the product gets pushed down the price stack as we go to an increasing fraction of 300-millimeter manufacturing and 65-nanometer technology. So I actually think that increased dual-core mix for us represents an ASP and margin upside in the near-term.
Michael Masdea: Any update on the legal front that we should be looking out for, or any timing in terms of the various legal actions that have been going against Intel from your perspective?
Hector J. Ruiz: No, other than to repeat that we’re in discovery. We are continuing. The process continues. It’s slow, but we continue to be very confident of where we want to go and that the outcome will be very positive for us.
Michael Masdea: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong of A.G. Edwards. Please go ahead.
David Wong: Thank you very much. In terms of your attitude to the pricing environment, do you anticipate that you’ll have to take pricing actions to maintain market share, or are you saying that you’re going to be focused on profitability, and therefore you’ll back away from taking a lot of pricing action?
Hector J. Ruiz: There is no backing away from anything. We’re committed to serving our customers. Our customers want our product, and we’ll fight hard to continue to provide them the opportunity to enjoy AMD technology.
David Wong: Related to that, has there in recent quarters been any special initial pricing you’ve given to big customers to capture initial business that might help you in pricing going forward, once the initial pricing agreements sort of pass by?
Hector J. Ruiz: We cannot comment on specific agreements. On a general comment, I would like Henri to comment on that, but on specific by customer, we can’t.
Henri P. Richard: I would just like to reiterate what Dirk said, which is we have an opportunity in terms of increasing our dual-core mix as a percentage of total. We can accelerate that. That will help ASPs. Also, we have had a certain number of strategic customer acquisitions through the year, which probably brought our channel business to a lower percentage than its historically been, and we have an opportunity to grow our channel business. So those are two positives in the overall environment.
David Wong: Final question, will you bring out quad-core servers first or quad-core desktops?
Dirk R. Meyer: Servers.
Operator: Your next question comes from JoAnne Feeney from FTN Midwest. Please go ahead.
JoAnne Feeney: Good afternoon. A couple of questions, if I could, please. Following up on the last one, really, about the servers and the quad-core. There are certainly a lot of questions about the potential for AMD to reacquire the performance lead. I know there is some dispute about whether that lead exists currently, but let’s suppose that in a number of applications, your competitor does have a performance lead. We’re all looking to see whether Barcelona and the follow-ons will enable you to recapture that performance lead in enough of a degree, really, to offset the marketing push of your competitor. Since you are reluctant to give away a lot of details on the roadmap, understandably, perhaps you could shed some light on what you think your OEMs would say about your potential in that regard.
Dirk R. Meyer: Well, I don’t want to speak for our OEMs, and of course, you know who they are, so I encourage you to ask them. However, based on what we know about our product and everything we understand about our competitor’s roadmap from all sources, we’re very bullish that when we introduce our native quad-core in the middle of the year, we’ll capture definitively the performance and performance [lead] and, by the way, do so in a way that doesn’t require new platform investments on the part of our OEM customers. The platforms are there today.
JoAnne Feeney: A follow-up, sort of separately on the cash and financing situation, perhaps for you, Bob. Obviously $2.5 billion of cap-ex is a pretty big number, and given this past quarter’s sort of higher than expected costs, lower than expected ASPs, and next quarter’s sort of muted outlook, I guess one might be a bit more concerned about the cash flow implications over the year. I think we’re all wondering whether you will feel the need to go back and do some more financing, really, to help you get through this rather large capital expenditure over the next year.
Robert J. Rivet: JoAnne, as I’ve said before, I’ve kind of outlined our process to fund the corporation and the appropriate investments, starting with cash flow from operations, monetizing the expansion investment and monetizing the tools in Dresden, Germany at the 200-millimeter level. We think that will be sufficient to keep the appropriate cash balance levels and fund the capital expenditures. In addition, as I also pointed out, there’s grant money associated with spending that $2.5 billion we’ll collect also. We still feel pretty comfortable with our game plan. Clearly my job is to make sure we’ve got the appropriate funds to execute the strategies of whether it’s additional customer acquisition, design teams or capital.
JoAnne Feeney: Is the grant money you just referred to from strictly Dresden, or does it also include some of the New York State incentives?
Robert J. Rivet: Just Dresden, just from Europe and Dresden.
JoAnne Feeney: So I suppose we might, if we were to look at a contingency of -- if say operating cash flow did not materialize in Q1 and Q2, then we might anticipate a situation where you would need to go do some financing?
Robert J. Rivet: I’m not going to speculate with you on that. Like I said, we have a good game plan.
JoAnne Feeney: Okay. Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Glen Yeung: Thanks. You know, when we look out into the first quarter, you’ve talked about what you characterize as still a competitive environment. In that statement, are you expecting incremental pressure on server pricing, or do you think it’s going to stay down where it is?
Henri P. Richard: It’s very difficult for me to speculate on what the competition is going to do, but it’s going to remain a very competitive environment. I won’t give you anymore guidance than that.
Glen Yeung: Okay. How about on desktop and notebook, in as much as clearly you’re going to see some benefit here from a mix shift towards more dual-core. Within that outlook, how about part for part pricing in the first-half or in the first quarter? Can you comment on that?
Henri P. Richard: Yes, I think there is, to elaborate a little bit on what Dirk was saying, there is a [defortation], from my perspective, in our market, where the server market is going to continue to be driven by introducing new features, you know, faster, better processors, in a very traditional way. I think in the client space, Vista is introducing a lot more of a platform and balanced performance opportunity. So think of what the best platform is, maybe in the past was whatever the best processor was. It’s not going to be true anymore. As such, I think AMD is uniquely positioned to provide customers with great value proposition around a portfolio of products that enable them to first differentiate in the marketplace and second, bring the best user experience.
Glen Yeung: When we look at the bundled solutions that we can see from various vendors and we think about how that bundling, I mean, the pricing looks pretty attractive, how that impacts AMD, is that actually a good margin for you to bundle that way, if you were to sort of collectivize all those parts?
Henri P. Richard: We’re not planning to do any bundling, but we’re obviously offering some synergies, simply because it’s a lower cost of engagement for an OEM to look at a complete platform.
Glen Yeung: Right, okay. That makes sense. Okay, last question, which is I think I heard somebody mention that first-half ’07, obviously a competitive environment, but some view that second-half ’07 may be not quite as competitive. I think you’re alluding to the fact that you’ll have different parts to be competitive with in the second-half of the year. I wanted to just confirm that that’s an accurate read. Secondly, is that to suggest that if you have a better part, you feel like that may ease some of the concerns that we’re facing in the first-half?
Dirk R. Meyer: I would certainly say that what you say is true in parts of the markets we participate in, and in particular in server, as Henri said, where it’s still much more of a CPU-centric performance buy in some of the server segments. Clearly, relative to product technology, we’ve got good products, as evidenced by our share gains. At the bleeding edge, there’s an ebb and flow, back and forth as to who has the best in any given quarter, so that’s driving some of our segments about the back-half of the year.
Glen Yeung: That makes sense. Thanks, I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. Just a few quick housekeeping items. Have you given out a depreciation target for ’07?
Robert J. Rivet: Yes, I did at the conference. I will reiterate it. $1.3 billion for ’07.
Chris Danely: Okay, and then, can you give us a sense of what percent of revenues were ascribed to server, desktop and laptop in Q4?
Robert J. Rivet: No, we don’t give that kind of granularity.
Chris Danely: That’s fine. How about a breakout of AMD versus ATI gross margins in Q4 and what you expect for Q1?
Robert J. Rivet: No, I’m not breaking those out either, but I did in the press release at least try to get your a true operating type level gross margin for the company.
Chris Danely: Yes, that’s fine. If depreciation is going up and pricing is going to remain competitive, do you expect gross margins to go up by switching to 65-nanometer and also a mix? Is that how we should look at it?
Robert J. Rivet: That’s correct.
Chris Danely: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello: Thanks very much. First question, does the op-ex guidance that you gave include or exclude those restructuring charges you were talking about.
Robert J. Rivet: Exclude.
Jim Covello: Okay, so the 710 to 760 excludes the $120 million or whatever, $90 million in restructuring charges?
Robert J. Rivet: Yes, it excludes -- just to be perfectly clear -- it excludes stock option expense and it excludes the ARC charges I talked about.
Jim Covello: Great, thanks. Second question, and I hate to be so theoretical, but I think it’s kind of important. It seems like your goals as a company are at a little bit odds here. Getting new customers and creating value for shareholders hasn’t been something that have worked well with one another for the last few quarters. And it’s not going to turn around, as long as both you and Intel continue to add so much capacity and fight one another. What is it going to take for you to change the strategy? How bad does it have to get before the strategy can change? I understand that you guys aren’t changing the strategy today, but for shareholders, they are looking for the answer of how it’s going to turn around. Other than you guys gaining a lot of share, which Intel is going to try to fight, how does it turn around? And if it doesn’t turn around soon, what would cause you to change the spending strategy?
Dirk R. Meyer: Well, we’ve been pretty clear for quarters and years, and that is that we compete against a monopolist who has a dominant share, and long-term, the best returns we can generate for our shareholders involve breaking that monopoly.
Jim Covello: Can I ask a question about that? You guys were doing incredibly well before you really decided to ramp the spending and gain share. I mean, your model was incredibly profitable. Your balance sheet was great. You were picking up share in small segments. Then you decided to really ramp it in a big, big way, and now the spending is such that you’re losing a bunch of money. You’ve been very profitable competing against the monopoly before, and now you’re not. Is there any thought of going back to the model that allowed you to be so profitable over the last 18 months, excluding the last couple quarters?
Dirk R. Meyer: Well, you know, we’ve thought long and hard about this, and concluded that there is no model that’s stable over the long-term that allows us to be profitable in a niche. The level of investment required is too large, and the only way for us to maintain profits on a sustained basis is to be large and engage in a material way with strategic OEM customers. That’s what they want to see from us. That’s what they demand from us, and that’s what we’re going to do.
Jim Covello: Okay, so then the second part of the question though, is there a point at which you say well, I can’t afford to do this, even if it’s what the customers want?
Robert J. Rivet: Hopefully you’ve picked up from both Dirk’s comments and Hector’s comments too is we are maniacally focused on cost. You will see us continue to push what it cost to make an XYZ product within the portfolio at lower and lower levels. We’ve always been lower on the ASP totem pole. We understand that environment. We’ll push that cost equation even harder. So we’ll have a business model that will enjoy and deliver the appropriate returns on a long-term basis -- this is not a short-term game -- on a long-term basis as we continue to provide choice into the marketplace, and the marketplace gets to the appropriate balance.
Jim Covello: Terrific. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krishna Shankar of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Krishna Shankar: Can you give us an indication of your profits on mix in terms of corporate versus consumer client? What types of programs do you have now that ATI is part of AMD to tackle the mobile and corporate desktop platform market with bundled solutions that your competitor does?
Henri P. Richard: I’m not going to give you a precise answer, but suffice it to say that obviously our commercial segment is growing faster than our consumer segment. With regard to the second part of your question, we have a much deeper engagement model in the enterprise and the commercial space, in the former AMD, than ATI had. Obviously there is going to be a benefit, in particular in the workstation marketplace, where the relationship that we’ve established with global 2000 companies that use workstation type technology are going to afford us some opportunities for presenting our new core product portfolio.
Krishna Shankar: Can you also elaborate on, you didn’t call it bundling, but you said some synergistic areas where you can provide a complete solution for the customer. Can you elaborate on that some more, please?
Henri P. Richard: If you look at the environment today, you’ve got companies that really believe that they’re best served by transferring the most amount of bottom costs to the CPU. Other companies think that the best model is when the GPU takes most of the bottom costs, and there is one company that’s uniquely positioned to offer the customer a portfolio of balanced technology that enable them to A, differentiate, and B, have the best end-user experience, and that’s us.
Krishna Shankar: Thank you. Finally, Bob, can you give us an indication of interest payments over the next four quarters?
Robert J. Rivet: Well, let me give you just a framework. The current fourth quarter that we just completed was not a full quarter in the interest payments, because obviously we didn’t borrow the money until the 24th of October, so that number will scale up a little bit from the current number that you see recorded, but not by a lot. There’s not that many days left in the quarter. So it will be a little bit higher than the fourth quarter, is the answer.
Krishna Shankar: Thank you.
Mike Haase: Operator, we’re going to take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is coming from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. A lot of the questions have been asked, but given the importance of the server market to your overall profitability, as we look forward to Barcelona and what your competitor, it looks like they’re doing in pricing quad-core at the same level as dual-core, how should we think about the profitability going to Barcelona can really deliver to your server product line heading into the second-half of this year?
Dirk R. Meyer: Of course, it’s hard for me to speak to precisely what the pricing environment will be, but from a cost basis, you can think about Barcelona being not that much different than the introductory dual-core Opterons.
Ross Seymore: Okay, but directionally from that then, would it be safe to say, given the price competition has been so severe as this last quarter illustrated, that the price points you’re going to be able to get through Barcelona, even though the cost is the same, the price point is going to be much lower than you got in the first round on the Opteron side. Is that a fair assertion?
Dirk R. Meyer: You know, the pricing environment is so dynamic that it’s hard for me to speculate what will happen as we introduce new products.
Ross Seymore: Okay, and then I guess the last question here, more for Bob, is getting from that 40% to the 50% gross margin, you talked a little bit about what’s going to happen, you believe, in the first quarter. Are there any other dynamics throughout the year that are going to kick in that are going to allow you to get up from that 40% to 50% level?
Robert J. Rivet: Well, I think we’ve kind of hit on them all, from mix of the business more toward commercial, more dual-core, less single-core, servicing the channel, more consumer electronic business, better penetration in both graphics and AMD chipsets. I think that through the analyst day and what we covered today, I think we covered it all, but it’s a waterfall of things, I’ll call it, on products and ASP, and then maniacal focus on cost reductions, primarily through the 65-nanometer node, but there’s plenty of other things in packages, test time reductions, et cetera, that you’ll see take place. Last but not least is the synergy of the two companies.
Ross Seymore: So if I put it all together and nothing’s really changed since the analyst day, given the fact that you talked about pricing being a little more aggressive than you had thought, is it really that you think you can take more costs out than we talked about at the analyst day? What is the lever that allows that sort of flexibility, given that pricing has been more competitive?
Robert J. Rivet: I would probably have to handicap it. That’s where we’re focused right now. Just not knowing where pricing will land at different moments in time, we will control what we know how to control, which is our cost structure.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Mike Haase: All right. Thank you very much. We’ll conclude the call now.
Operator: This concludes today’s Advanced Micro Devices Incorporate fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful evening.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-19 15:45:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Advanced Micro Devices third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my great pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike Haase, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Mike Haase: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's third quarter earnings conference call. Our participants today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman of the Board and CEO; Dirk Meyer, our President and COO; Bob Rivet, our CFO; and Henri Richard, our Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. This call is a live broadcast, and will be replayed at amd.com. A telephone replay will also be available for the next 10 days, starting at 8 pm Eastern time tonight. The telephone replay number is 877-519-4471. Outside of the United States, the number is 973-341-3080. The access code for both is 7952575. I would also like to call to your attention that our Q4 earnings quiet time will begin at the close of business Friday, December 15th. Also, as a reminder, our next analyst day is scheduled for the morning of December 14th in New York City. Before we begin today's call, I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements about management's expectations. Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations, as set forth in the forward-looking statements. The semiconductor industry is generally volatile, and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC, where we discuss in detail our business and risk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. You will find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filings, including AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2005 and AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2006.With that, I will turn the call over to Dirk Meyer.
Dirk Meyer: Thanks, Mike. In the third quarter, our microprocessor unit shipments were up 18% sequentially. We had unit growth in all three of our product segments, most notably with our Mobile Processors. Sales were up 9% from the prior quarter and 32% year over year. Overall, it was a solid quarter, but I think we could have done still better. We completed a major transition from DDR1 to DDR2-based products while ramping two new factories and their associated supply chains. This, coupled with increased customer demand, put an unprecedented burden on our operations. While we responded reasonably well to this challenge, we learned a lot and will do even better in the future. Overall, our manufacturing strategy remains on track. Fab 36 continues to ramp to plan, and we have begun to transition that factory to 65 nanometer technology on schedule. We will begin 65 nanometer shipments this quarter, and will begin our transition to 45 nanometer technology output by mid-2008. In addition, we continue to ramp Chartered Semiconductor, and will convert its output to 65 nanometer technology next year. Our cost structure will improve as we move to 65 nanometer technology and complete our transition to 300 millimeter facilities. The industry is encouraged by the global antitrust scrutiny of our competitor, and our customers continue to take advantage of the benefits of innovation, choice and growth that we offer. Examples in the third quarter include: Dell launched its first AMD64 processor-based Dimension desktop system for consumers and small businesses; Founder joined Lenovo and [Tonquin] as leading customers of AMD in China with their announcement to launch a full range of AMD64-based desktop, notebook and server systems; IBM unveiled five new quad-core-ready, Opteron-based mainstream server platforms; and HP and Lenovo launched their first AMD client systems targeted at large enterprise customers. We're looking forward to launching our next-generation microprocessor core in both native quad-core and dual-core implementations next year. Our acquisition of ATI continues to progress has planned. We expect the transaction to close next week, and are pleased to have received all regulatory and shareholder approvals necessary to close that transaction. In summary, while we are pleased with our results for the quarter, we know that we could have done better. But despite that, we remain optimistic on both the short term and long term, and are very excited about the opportunities customers are offering to us. With that, I would like to ask Bob to review the results of the quarter, as well as the outlook.
Bob Rivet: Thanks, Dirk. Before I get started, I would like to remind you that as a result of the Spansion IPO, year-over-year comparisons do not include the results of our memory product segment. Third quarter AMD sales of $1.33 billion were up 9% compared to the second quarter of 2006, and up 32% compared to the third quarter of 2005, driven by strong demand for server, mobile and desktop processors. Server and mobile ASPs were up, and desktop ASPs were down sequentially. We established a new record for total microprocessor shipments, up 18% sequentially and up 34% year over year, driven by increased server, mobile and desktop shipments. Further, customer adoption of AMD Turion 64 processors resulted in a greater than 50% sequential growth and 70% year-over-year growth in mobile dollar sales and units. Gross margin was 51.4%, down from 56.8% in the second quarter of 2006, largely due to lower desktop ASPs, as prices declined faster than cost reductions, primarily in the desktop area. However, this cost pressure will be relieved as we move to 65 nanometer and begin to fully utilize the 300 millimeter facilities. Total operating expenses, which include R&D and SG&A, were down $25 million from the prior quarter, better than our previous guidance. Net income for the quarter was $134 million or $0.27 per share. These results included a non-cash employee stock-based compensation expense of $16.5 million or $0.02 per share; a $10 million loss or $0.02 per share associated with our 38% ownership in Spansion LLC; and a tax credit of $20.9 million or $0.04 per share, reflecting a lower effective tax rate for the year. Now, let me turn to the balance sheet. Capital expenditures were $425 million in the third quarter, as we continue to build out Fab 36 and associated final manufacturing capacity. We continue with our lean manufacturing methodologies for inventory management, and in preparation for a strong fourth quarter, we built inventory by $60 million. The build primarily comprised of dual-core products. Days of inventory outstanding at 66 days declined 10 days from the second quarter. Now, let's turn to the outlook. AMD's outlook statement is based on current expectations, and excludes ATI operations and ATI-related acquisition charges. The following statements are forward-looking, and actual results could differ materially, depending on market conditions. AMD expects demand for its products to be seasonally strong in the fourth quarter and sales to increase sequentially. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter are expected to be up approximately 10% from the third quarter. Non-cash employee stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately $20 million at the current share price. Our 2006 tax rate is now expected to be between 5% and 10%, down from our prior guidance of approximately 15%. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter are expected to be approximately $700 million. As previously mentioned, we are not providing any guidance today that includes ATI operations. We look forward to providing you with additional financial details for the combined company at our December 14th analyst day in New York. At the time, we will provide fourth-quarter acquisition charges and 2007 guidance. We look forward to seeing you there. Now, I will turn it over to Hector.
Hector Ruiz: Thank you, Bob. Less than 100 days ago, at the recent announcement of our groundbreaking acquisition of ATI Technologies, you might remember that I said that we were determined to drive growth, innovation and choice for our customers. In this recent quarter, I'm pleased to announce that we're approaching this acquisition with a full head of steam on each of these key dimensions. The AMD growth story continues across customers, geographies and across our product families. Our third quarter was the 13th consecutive quarter of over 20% year-over-year revenue growth. AMD Turion 64 processor sales are accelerating, a sign of growing customer demand for best of breed solutions in the mobile segment. AMD Opteron processor sales are strong and growing, a reflection of our system-level power-per-watt leadership and seamless upgradeability to native quad core in the same thermal envelope. Our desktop franchise continues to expand, with continued adoption of AMD-based commercial-class systems and AMD LIVE! PCs, whereas industry analysts' current analysis reported in less than half a year, AMD LIVE! PC systems surpassed the competition in US retail sales. We look forward to the launch of Microsoft Vista early next year, a mainstream operating system that will finally allow users to exploit the full potential of AMD64, the industry's first 64-bit-capable x86 platform. While impressive, we know that growth like this is really an end product, the result of a lot of hard work and a continuous stream of innovation; innovations like our Torrenza, our open innovation initiative which we announced during the quarter. Torrenza is our industry's first open x86 innovation platform, allowing our customers and partners to capitalize on the unique capabilities of AMD's Direct Connect Architecture. World-class customers including Sun, Cray, Fujitsu Siemens, Dell, HP and IBM all announced their support for this unprecedented effort. Our manufacturing team has been recognized for innovation for many years, and the Fab 36 team in Dresden continues to deliver on their promise to begin 65 nanometer revenue shipments this quarter. We're on target to be largely converted by the summer of 2007. In the meantime, we continue to aggressively grow the world's best and brightest team of design resources, highlighted by the opening of our new Shanghai R&D center and a new advanced microprocessor development facility in Fort Collins, Colorado, which leads me to choice. As I have said many times, without customers who feel completely free to make a choice, innovation and growth inevitably stall. We are reassured by the courage of our customers to provide real choice to their customers. AMD continues to offer a better, more customer-centric value proposition for our customers and their customers. Still, our value proposition to the industry is artificially constrained by the abusive practice of our industry's monopoly. So, in addition to being optimistic about the continued vote of confidence among our customers, I remain optimistic that global antitrust regulatory bodies will work to create a fair and open competitive environment in the microprocessor industry. Of course, we believe strongly that our US litigation will result in a verdict declaring that Intel engaged in all of the kinds of illegal conduct that our complaint details. The microprocessor industry is a growth industry, perhaps one of the most exciting and dynamic in the technology arena. As an emerging leader in this category, we're dedicated to creating a sustained flow of meaningful customer-centric innovation, creating downstream opportunities, growth and choice for all customers and end users worldwide. I want to thank the nearly 10,000 AMDers worldwide who are committed and working hard to continue our progress. In addition, I look forward to welcoming to the AMD family the 4,000 or so ATI employees who will continue their fine work in helping the new AMD create value for customers and shareholders. I would now like to turn it to Mike Haase for the Q&A.
Mike Haase: Thanks, Hector. Operator, let's begin the polling process, please.
Operator: Your first question comes from Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein.
Adam Parker: You said there is flat revenue in desktops. This implies, I guess, your server plus notebook revenue combined grew quite a bit. Could I assume your server business grew more than 20% sequentially on a revenue basis? Also, can you comment about maybe did notebook units grow 30% or 40% sequentially or more? Can you just give us some color there?
Hector Ruiz: No, the numbers are not quite in that mix. As you heard from Bob Rivet's comments during his discussion, our mobile products experienced a fairly significant growth. As a matter of fact, it was sequentially greater than 50% for both units and revenue quarter on quarter.
Adam Parker: 50?
Hector Ruiz: 50.
Adam Parker: Oh, so you gained massive share in notebook in the quarter, then?
Bob Rivet: Yes, sir. We believe.
Adam Parker: So that implies, maybe, that you lost a shade of server revenue share, then? Is that correct?
Hector Ruiz: Based on the numbers that we see, we believe that we did not lose share in the server space, and we grew, of course, quarter on quarter as well as significantly year on year.
Adam Parker: But did you grow double-digit revenues in server sequentially?
Hector Ruiz: No.
Adam Parker: The other question would be, I'm just a little confused about the gross margins, just because with that kind of revenue growth, I wouldn't have expected your actual gross profit dollars to be lower. Dimension, I know it was tough desktop pricing. But were there other moving parts there? It was just a surprising fall-off to get out of your target business model, despite pretty good revenue growth.
Bob Rivet: No, it is mostly characterized by the ASP issue. Clearly, there's a little bit of cost increase as we continue to produce more dual-core products. But the lion's share of the issue was the price pressure drop in desktop, which manifested across the whole portfolio on the average ASP of AMD.
Adam Parker: Right, so how do I think about this going forward then, Bob? Because you grow your revenue, whatever, $100 million plus sequentially; the operating profit dollars are not up all that much. So I'm just trying to figure out what the new incremental gross margin is here. Or how do I think about price stabilization, or how do I forecast your margins, given this kind of pricing volatility?
Hector Ruiz: I think maybe one way to look at it, perhaps, would be as Dirk mentioned in his remarks, is we have some, we would call it, some transitionary hurdles to overcome in the third quarter. We had a transition to a new memory technology, we had transition to a new product, Rev F. All of that places a phenomenal burden on our organization. Also, frankly, the demand for mobile product was a lot stronger than we had anticipated, and in shifting a rather complicated system of supply chain logistics while doing all this product transitions to go toward more mobile and less desktop, we lost some efficiencies. We believe that somewhere on the order of 2 of the 5 percentage points that we lost in margin were lost due to us not being able to execute as well as we would have liked, as Dirk mentioned. But the other 3 points, the 60% or so of the margin, is really to a rather precipitous decline in desktop ASPs.
Bob Rivet: To your point, thinking forward, clearly, we're at a situation where everything we shipped was non-65 nanometer, so it's the 90 nanometer variety. We will ship for revenue, as we stated, in the fourth quarter. Every day that goes by, we will get bigger and bigger beyond the fourth quarter. We are still not at full utilization of 300mm. As a matter of fact, we're not even at half of the productive capacity. So again, every day will make the wafer costs go down, because we will have better utilization, and the dye costs will go down, due to conversion to 65 nanometer. So in what we control, we see a path to continued cost reduction. ASPs, again, we will manage them the best we can. But that one's the harder one to forecast of the two.
Adam Parker: Yes, I hear you. One last thing - was desktop unit up double-digit but decline in pricing down double-digit, or can you give us some kind of balance?
Bob Rivet: Yes, that's kind of in the ballpark.
Operator: Your next question comes from JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest.
JoAnne Feeney: Just a question, please, on the memory and the transition difficulty. It sounds like the switchover to DDR2 and the Rev F were a bit of a challenge. Are those going to go away in Q4, first of all? How much of a bump up in the gross margin will we expect from that being eliminated?
Dirk Meyer: First of all, clearly, the product transition complexity that we've dealt with in our operations is behind us. As I said in the opening comments, we are ramping two new wafer fabs, Fab 36 and Chartered. In the context of this product transition, and in the context of increased customer demand, resulted in us having a hard time matching that customer demand to supply availability in the weeks the demand was really there. So, in aggregate, we did a pretty good job operationally. On a week-by-week basis, we didn't always have exactly the mix of product that our customers would have wanted, which is clearly not good from our perspective as a customer-centric organization, and operating that way doesn't allow us to maximize the value we can draw out of the business. Those issues are largely behind us.
JoAnne Feeney: In the server space, your competitor is claiming to have done quite well there, too. Are you seeing particular increase in competition in one area of the server space, 2P versus 4P, for example?
Dirk Meyer: There's no question that if you look at the technological capabilities of our product, we're by far the most differentiated in the 4P category. As a result of Intel's announcement of their recent server product, we are facing a bit more competition in the 2P category. So I'd say that's a fair characterization.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse.
Michael Masdea: What I want to clarify is the strategy on the desktop side. It sounds like you're talking about cost reductions -- help me out there -- but your competitor is being a little bit more aggressive with their manufacturing plant. What is your longer-term view, especially in terms of trade-offs between market share and profitability?
Dirk Meyer: First of all, relative to desktop, we're going to serve the demands that our customers expose to us. Over time, I would expect that as we grow into a broader part of the marketplace, namely commercial, we've got a huge opportunity to grow our gross margin pool in aggregate. As Bob said, the ASP issue is a little harder to have direct control over, because we respond to a competitive environment. We do so in a way that allows us to make our relationships with the customers we care most about broader and deeper, while at the same time managing profitability.
Michael Masdea: Understood. So, on the server side, maybe that's a place worth spending a little bit of time. On the enterprise side, in the mobile and desktop, where is your customer traction now? Where do you expect it to be about a year from now?
Henri Richard: As you have noticed, we're continuing to add not only customers that are playing in that space, but within the customers and we're already doing business with we're seeing a broadening of their product portfolio. So that alone is enabling us, looking forward, to hope to gain share in that particular segment of the market. We've clearly seen strong demand on the mobile side, and you now have on the Turion platform enterprise-class mobile platforms that we did not have last year. So I expect us to grow both desktop and notebook, but Turion is definitely proving to be a very valid platform for the enterprise market, with all the new products that have been introduced, frankly, in the first and second quarter are now coming to life.
Michael Masdea: The last one for me is really on the capacity side. If you listened to the call on Intel last night, and listen to you guys and look at your forecast, it seems like both companies are building capacity in the future based on market share;  at least, gain for you and at least holding for Intel. How does that ultimately play out? Why is that not going to be a problem for the overall pricing dynamic for many years to come? Is there some point when someone yells "Uncle" and pulls back a little bit?
Hector Ruiz: We have outlined before that our strategy on capacity has been to continuously and steadily gain share over time. We've gone from a significantly skewed profile of our customer base a few years ago, towards distribution and consumer, to one that has shifted over the years rather significantly towards OEMs, particularly Tier 1 OEMs, and beginning to make inroads into the commercial space. We carefully planned that out with our customers, and we planned it out over a period of more than just a quarter or two, an outlook of three years or so. Based on that, we put our plans for capacity in place. So far, every capacity plan that we have and that we have outlined has been based on input from our customers, those that we have had for quite some time in addition to the newly acquired ones, to continue to execute to that. The plans that you have heard us talk about is the expansion of Fab 36, the conversion of Fab 30 to 300mm, the use of Chartered, as well as the potential new factory in New York are all based on all those plans that we have collected from our customers. So we don't base it on just a guess on our part and hoping we can sell it later. They are really carefully thought out in conjunction with our customers.
Michael Masdea: That makes sense. Even if you have that environment, you take that share, is the extra capacity in the industry going to cause a problem and drives into a profitless kind of environment for the industry? What keeps that from happening if Intel has all this extra capacity?
Dirk Meyer: Here again, I would just reference and reiterate Hector's comment that we are putting capacity in place based on what our customers tell us their plans for us are. There's no question, as we expand in the new segments, example of commercial desktop, we will introduce price competition into those segments where previously there was none, because those segments were dominated by a monopoly. We are not afraid of that, and in fact, that's our strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung - Citigroup.
Glen Yeung: You saw a lot of inventory build in the quarter, and I recognize at the beginning of the quarter you said you wanted to do that. But I wonder if the inventory build was exactly what you wanted, particularly given that you referenced you thought you could have done things better during the quarter?
Dirk Meyer: Actually, most of the inventory build that we did was WIP that is being built in preparation for Q4 sales. The issue within the quarter wasn't so much one of building inventory of finished goods that we couldn't sell, but rather having the right product and the right mix available for the right customer at the right time.
Hector Ruiz: If I can to add to it, not to argue with the numbers, but I think our days of inventory went down by 10 days quarter on quarter. So we don't see any of the WIP that Dirk referred to as being anything other than strategically positioning the product for what we believe will be a strong seasonal growth in the fourth quarter.
Glen Yeung: So, assuming that you are better able to manage the mix in Q4, should we assume that inventories then start to go down?
Bob Rivet: Yes. Our normal seasonal pattern would be inventories would drop. We would drain inventories in the fourth quarter. But again, our inventories are based on our projection of continuing to service our customers. We continue to acquire more customers, and we continue to ramp Fab 36 and Chartered Semiconductor. So I am actually hoping that we will build inventory a little bit to go out of fourth quarter in preparation of 2007.
Glen Yeung: It begs an interesting question about gross margin. I think you talked about some efficiencies that were worth 200 basis points in the third quarter; ASPs, which were worth 300 basis points in the quarter; and now we have got potentially rising inventories in the fourth quarter, or hopefully rising inventories. Assuming that inventories go up, assuming that the inefficiencies disappear, we're already talking about 200-plus basis point increase in gross margins. Intel is suggesting that pricing is not as bad. So is it fair to say that under that assumption that pricing is not that bad, that we could see a greater than 200 basis point, maybe greater than 300 basis point increase in gross margins?
Bob Rivet: Your math logic is fine. The only part I would counter with, that I'm not sure you got it right,  I said we would grow less inventory in fourth quarter than we did in third. I'm trying to grow inventory in fourth to be positioned for 2007. So it's actually less than what we just did. But your math is not too far off.
Glen Yeung: What is normal seasonal growth for you in the fourth quarter? Just what is your interpretation of that?
Bob Rivet: Market conditions would say this over a recent history of time is on the low end is 6, on the high end is 13, and most likely averages around 10.
Glen Yeung: If I would think about 2007 just broadly, your strategy in the year, what is your position on share versus margin?
Hector Ruiz: I don't think we look at our business from that point of view. We look at it more as what do our customers want? We are very customer-centric, and we go from there. Overall, at a pretty high level, I would tell you that it appears that we are on track this year to grow units somewhere on the order of 35%. Our plans for next year is to grow units approximately the same amount.
Bob Rivet: To the margin question, this current quarter, we bounced for the first time in a long time below our zone, I'd call it, of 55% to 60%, that's our goal. Our goal is to live in that zone. Obviously, every quarter is dependent on the situation that appears at hand, and we will deal with it accordingly. But our long-term model is to try to get into that 55% to 60% zone for our microprocessor business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers.
Tim Luke: Thanks very much. Just a question with respect to the pricing environment, in terms of the linearity of how you saw that as you moved through the quarter. Did the environment, in terms of ASP move a bit lower, get more challenging towards the end of the quarter? As I think Glen mentioned, Intel has talked about some firming, potentially, of the ASP environment going forward. Is that something that you might anticipate, or do you think it's somewhat premature to consider that?
Henri Richard: I think the third quarter was largely impacted at the beginning of the quarter by the ripple effect of Q2 and the movement of the competition then. I think, when the middle of the summer was behind us, we saw some stabilization in the marketplace. It remains a very competitive marketplace, but I would agree that there has been some stabilization in the second half of the quarter.
Tim Luke: So perhaps a decline in gross margin, given that ASPs are broadly in line, perhaps, with your expectations, related to what you are referring to, in terms of this mix and match, in terms of what your customers wanted and what you were able to deliver? Maybe you could expand a little on that mix and match point you made?
Hector Ruiz: I'm not sure I got the question.
Tim Luke: You mentioned the ability to match demand with what you had available as a factor influencing your margin, or perhaps you were relating to the efficiency. Perhaps you could expand on what you meant by that?
Hector Ruiz: Well, I think one of the things that happens, as we get more skewed towards having a higher mix of Tier 1 and Tier 2 customers, we have a better understanding of with expectations are from them in terms of forecasting. But frankly, one of the challenges that we had in the third quarter is that a lot of the people that are involved in the go-to-market channel of retail, for example, did not anticipate such a rapid move towards mobile, just as an example. Therefore, when you take roughly, in round numbers, 100 days from the time you get an order to the time you can actually produce it, it is very challenging environment to try to adjust mix within a quarter. So we are learning from that in the third quarter. We spend a considerable amount of time with customers anticipating the fourth quarter being strong, trying to understand their needs better. We think we have done a better job, as Dirk pointed out, in anticipating what we're going to need to do this quarter, and we expect that mix to be better managed, and make our customers a lot happier this quarter than we did last quarter.
Tim Luke: Just to be clear, in terms of the revenue, Bob, when you're saying seasonality, the average is 10%, so stronger than normal seasonality would imply that your target would be above 10% revenue? Is that how we should basically figure that?
Bob Rivet: That's a good characterization. We'd say average is 10%.
Tim Luke: Lastly, just on your OpEx, it went down a lot in the quarter. Now you're guiding it up 10%. Could you just give us some color on that volatility there?
Bob Rivet: Clearly, always, fourth quarter is a heavy consumer quarter, a lot of merchandising and I'll call it market development funds are associated with that. So I'm signaling Christmas is going to happen. We're going to have that kind of activity from that perspective. Then, on the other side, we continue to expand these design centers we just opened. We're trying to ramp and hire the appropriate engineers to continue to accelerate, keep our roadmaps where they need to be and accelerate roadmaps and add new things to the roadmaps. So it's a combination of both. We were a little bit under, to be honest, in the current quarter. So, it's kind of balancing your way through it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch.
Joe Osha: I'm wondering if I can drill down a little bit on the manufacturing output. Can you give me some sense roughly for the current quarter and then for the fourth quarter, what portion of your output is coming from  Fab 30 versus Fab 36 versus Chartered? Obviously, units you probably don't want to talk about, but maybe just in 200mm equivalents?
Dirk Meyer: I can certainly give you a feel for where the wafers are coming from, from our internal factories. We started ramping Fab 36 in Q4 of last year, and it's roughly a two-year ramp to get to the 20,000 a month point. We're on a schedule that says that we are at about the 10,000 a month output level now.
Joe Osha: That's 300mm you're talking about?
Dirk Meyer: That's right. It's 300mm. Fab 30 is really pretty stable; 200-mm starts  --
Joe Osha: So it's around 28,000, 30,000 a month?
Dirk Meyer: 28,000 to 30,000 200mm. We don't, I think, want to be to specific on how we are loading Chartered at this time.
Joe Osha: But it's a much smaller number, yes?
Dirk Meyer: Very much smaller.
Joe Osha: I knew you talked about Fab 30 maybe being kind of incrementally brought down, or at least partially brought down and converted to 300mm starting in late 2007? Is that still on the table?
Dirk Meyer: Actually, we will start taking Fab 30's 200mm output down in about the second quarter of 2007.
Joe Osha: I'm sorry? Second quarter of 2007?
Dirk Meyer: 2007. Then, we will be getting 300mm output back out of that facility in very early 2008.
Joe Osha: Will Fab 30 continue to produce for that? Will it completely go away, or --?
Dirk Meyer: The total utilization of the floor space does not really dip any lower than about 40% over the course of the transition.
Joe Osha: But I could see Fab 30 drop to, say, 10,000 or 12,000 a month while you were in the midst of this, yes?
Bob Rivet: A quarter.
Joe Osha: I'm sorry, a quarter.
Dirk Meyer: Absolutely.
Bob Rivet: Yes. Just to remind everyone, we built an additional facility on the site to kind of deal with I'll call it the transition facility. So there will be a dip, but we're not actually shutting down the facility. We continue to run it. We will take it down a bit, transition to 300mm and, in 2008, be completely flipped over to a 300mm facility. Again, roughly the same size as Fab 36, in the 20,000 wafer per month level.
Joe Osha: In 2008?
Bob Rivet: In 2008.
Joe Osha: Last question Bob, while that fab is being converted, how does that work financially? Does that create any kind of unabsorbed overhead or period costs that are not correlated with output?
Bob Rivet: No. We think, between the needs of Fab 36 and the needs of Fab 38, we're going to call it, we will actually have the appropriate staffing. The tools on the 200mm are almost all fully depreciated, anyway and the chemicals and gasses, of course, will flex down with the appropriate volumes. So we actually feel like it's not actually a big cost penalty to do the transition.
Joe Osha: You mentioned that Fab 38. Since you kind of put that on the table, can you give us –
Bob Rivet: Fab 30 is going to be renamed and called Fab 38. That was part of a strategy to actually get more grants and subsidies on the new toolset going in there, because we are really recasting to a new facility, a 300mm facility.
Joe Osha: So, no comments on New York State, then?
Bob Rivet: That's still in the plan, as Hector said. But in the sequence, it's Fab 36, Fab 38, New York.
Hector Ruiz: One thing that you were alluding to, I think, and I just want to make sure you understand, is that the combination of these conversions, as well as the 65 nanometer that is occurring as we speak, and the ramping-up of Chartered leads us to plan our capacity next year. So, while Fab 30 has a dip in the wafer starts in 200mm, the overall unit output throughout the year increases. So we expect next year, as I mentioned earlier, to still be approximately 35% up in units from this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree: Maybe a point of clarification. The 200 basis points of inefficiency, do you expect to fully get those back in the fourth quarter? Is that a ramp hopefully back in over the next few months?
Hector Ruiz: We expect to fully get them back in the fourth quarter.
Cody Acree: Great. Can you talk about the differential in gross margins? As you have talked about the Tier 1 and Tier 2 higher mix of revenue, is there anything meaningful in that gross margin line that we saw this quarter, as you have had more success at Dell and some of these Tier 1 OEMs?
Hector Ruiz: No. I think that it's more complex than that, and I think it would not be productive to go into it. But just to give an example, a customer that buys an awful lot of product is more likely to get better pricing than a customer that buys a lot less product. So it's much more complex than just saying Tier 1, Tier 2 and channel.
Dirk Meyer: It's a function of mix, in other words.
Hector Ruiz: Yes, it's mix.
Bob Rivet: I want to remind you the strategy is still server, mobile, desktop in a priority sequence. Gross margin will fall in that direction, too. Although desktop and mobile, at moments in time will be equal, they will still continue to flip positions. But clearly, server is where the higher gross margin is. We see that today and on a continuous basis.
Cody Acree: Lastly, average revenue growth in the fourth quarter, around 10%. Are you allowing any assumptions for Vista for Q4? What would you expect as we push into 2007 for normalized Vista impact?
Bob Rivet: We are not prepared to talk about 2007 at this point in time. We will do that at our analyst day on December 14th.
Cody Acree: For the fourth quarter, are you allowing anything for a delay of purchases because of Vista?
Bob Rivet: No. We don't see this to as a negative issue in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley.
Mark Edelstone: I had a couple questions. The first one, Hector, was just to get a sense for how big the OEM business is for you now. So can you give us a sense as to what percentage of your units is coming out of OEM, and how you expect that maybe to trend here as you go forward?
Hector Ruiz: I am not going to be too specific, but I will tell you that it has flipped from what it was four years ago. It is more than 50% today. I think we're beginning to approach a stable mix, give or take a little bit. So, we're pleased with the position that we have and especially, of course, with the latest customer acquisitions. I think that gets us to where we would like to be.
Mark Edelstone: Just as a follow-on, using the third quarter, could you just give us what maybe the percentage breakdown would look like on units between notebook, desktop and server?
Hector Ruiz: I don't think we're prepared to give that kind of detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely – JP Morgan.
Chris Danely: You talked about gross margins popping back up in Q4. Can you just give us a sense of the trends in startup costs and depreciation going into 2007? Can we expect those to increase with the ramp of 65 nanometer and the CapEx going up?
Bob Rivet: Break them into two. CapEx, I didn't talk about it this time, but therefore I didn't change it, is a large number next year, $2.5 billion. That is the continued, as Dirk said, to fill out the equipment set in Fab 36 and start the conversion of Fab 30 to a 200mm facility to Fab 38, the 300mm facility. Then, of course, the associated back-end capacities needed to turn that dye into finished goods. So capital will continue to be at a fairly high rate next year as we build out capacity. From a cost standpoint, we are, as I said to Joe Osha's comment, we believe there's not a huge penalty in the conversion of Fab 30 to Fab 38, and we're actually paying most of the costs today to develop the technology and put the 65 nanometer into production. So that actually get better as time goes on, not worse, from that perspective.
Chris Danely: On the gross margins, I remember last quarter you guys said you don't want to participate in any, I think it was, deeply discounted opportunities. But it seems like you might have participated in some of them in Q3. Can you just talk about that? Is that a true statement?
Henri Richard: That's a fair assumption. As Dirk was pointing out, we completed a transition from Rev E to Rev F. As we did that, we felt that it was appropriate to be a little more competitive at the low end of the market, as we completed that transition. But we're going to continue to be very selective going forward in the business that we participate in.
Chris Danely: It sounds like pricing got a little better at the end of the quarter. Can you just talk about why it got better at the end of the quarter? Do you anticipate pricing to be, I guess, competitive in Q4, or getting a little bit better because it's a stronger seasonal time period?
Henri Richard: Well, as Einstein always said, everything is relative. After the disaster applied by the competition in the industry in the second quarter, effectively Q3 was somewhat mild.
Chris Danely: Going into the first half of next year, why wouldn't we see the price wars crank up again? How long or how low would you let profitability go before you would start to pull back, or will you just keep going and try to gain market share?
Bob Rivet: Here again, the way I would think about this is the market is not a homogenous blob; there are segments. Where we have historically competed or been present in the market, we have always had price competition. As we have had the opportunity to compete in new areas, we have brought price competition to those areas. So, from the AMD perspective, our share growth doesn't imply increased price competition on our business, because we have always had it. Does that make sense?
Chris Danely: Yes, I guess. I don't remember the last time you guys had 51% gross margins in processors, so my concern is that we could go lower in the first half of next year. Does that make sense?
Bob Rivet: No. I'd say I think that's being fairly pessimistic. That's saying we wouldn't execute 65 nanometer, because 65 nanometer is a fairly steep cost reduction that takes place, and continued utilization of Fab 36 to fill it to the 20,000 wafers per month. So in what we control, we feel like we have, clearly, a great path to pretty sizable cost reductions in our manufacturing capability for our output. Prices, to me, is a market-dependent issue. A question that came up before, we think Vista is a good environment, not a bad environment. So, to some degree, 2007 doesn't look like a bad year. It looks like a good year. So we believe we're in pretty good position, again, to get back to the zone we want to be in, which is a gross margin of 55% to 60%.
Chris Danely: That makes sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong - A.G. Edwards.
David Wong: A question of inventory and your inventory plan, will you be required to build the bare amount of finished goods inventory for customers that have just-in-time manufacturing in the future, or is your inventory profile, as it is at the moment, likely to remain unchanged?
Bob Rivet: All our customers have different requirements to have inventory staged or in their hubs or whatever. Clearly, as we continue to acquire new customers, those dynamics continue to change. I would say probably the big OEMs do like more product to be staged for them, so they can pull it as we see there their market demands move around. But that's also why we have lean manufacturing type thought process and organization put into the system, so that we can keep it as lean as possible, but still servicing what the customer wants. The bottom line of that is we're maniacally focused on inventory management. We will grow it where we see necessary strategically, but to make sure it's fresh, and just as much as we need to run the business.
David Wong: So you won't have to do a significant inventory build in the December quarter to meet your customers' needs, then, for staged inventory?
Bob Rivet: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities.
Krishna Shankar: As you look at two of the areas with the highest gross margins you have had in the past -- the high-end enthusiast and gaming PC market, and also servers -- it appears that the competition is more aggressive, and perhaps has a better product lineup there. Can you outline your product plans to sort of regain the leadership in the high-end PC gaming market, and also regain your leadership in DP servers?
Henri Richard: There's a lot being written and said about the high-end gamers market. We actually saw a double-digit increase in revenue in that segment in the third quarter, despite all the hype coming from the competition. So yet again, I want to insist on the fact that it's the platform that matters in that market, not just the core performance. From that perspective, we're going to launch in the next few weeks, a new platform that for the first time was built from the ground up with the needs of the gamers in mind. Not only the processor needs, but basically the cooling needs, the power supply needs and the space on the motherboard needed to have a world-class platform. That platform will be out of the chute, optimized for Vista operation. As far as the server market is concerned, the strength of the Opteron architecture remains intact, as demonstrated by our continued growth in that segment and the particular strength of our 4P offering. I think Fortune 500 companies that are looking at the two offerings are recognizing that, although the competition has improved their relative performance, they still have not answered the question of what is their future architecture, and they are shipping obsolete products.
Krishna Shankar: As a follow-on, can you also outline your relationship with NVIDIA with the ATI deal really closing now? Can you talk about the relationship with NVIDIA going forward?
Henri Richard: We're standing for open and fair competition and platform innovation. I'll give you an example of that. Our launch partner for our upcoming gamer platform is NVIDIA. So our relationship with NVIDIA is excellent, and we're very happy to have them as a partner.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello: A lot of good questions have been asked, so I just have one big picture question. If I take a step back over the last couple of years, you've done a terrific job executing versus your plan and gaining share. Over the last couple quarters, though, last quarter was the first quarter in a while where we had a revenue miss. This quarter is the first quarter in a while where we had a margin miss. As we head into next year, the bar for execution goes higher, because of the debt you are bringing on and because of the incremental depreciation. How do you get comfortable that you can get back to executing versus the plan when, admittedly, some of the things like ASPs are kind of out of your control, and your competitor now has a little more incentive to try and hurt the market a little bit, because of the debt and the depreciation that you guys are ramping? How comfortable can you feel around that?
Hector Ruiz: Well, first of all, we're very confident in the roadmap that we have, which we continuously share in intimate detail with our customers. We are excited about that roadmap and we are executing to that. As Dirk pointed out, next year we're introducing products that are going to continue to enhance that. In terms of managing relative to ASPs that are artificially created by an event of the marketplace such as a competitor perhaps building way too much inventory, being late on their products and therefore having a lot of old products to unload; frankly, we don't agonize over that. We don't control that. We felt terrible in the second quarter that that was the way it was handled, but we have complete confidence that, over the long run, that would not be a sustainable situation.
Jim Covello: My question, if I can interrupt, unfortunately, the shareholders and stakeholders do agonize over that, because you're leaving yourself not as much room for error by ramping the debt and ramping the depreciation. So I understand it's a long-term plan, and you have had an excellent roadmap, you continue to have an excellent roadmap. But that hasn't prevented outside influences from causing you guys to have issues the last two quarters. So, how can we know that those outside influences are not going to have continued influences over the next couple quarters, given that the bar is going higher?
Hector Ruiz: Well, I think we are credible in the things that we tell you we are doing. One of the things as we have gone through this challenging couple of quarters for different reasons, we have become better at learning how to deal with those. We are better planners. We have a better idea of how to anticipate and move in those directions that are necessary in the marketplace. But the best answer I can give you, frankly, it doesn't come from me; it comes from our customers. Our customers have spoken. You have the products that IBM has launched that are outstanding to penetrate the enterprise, are based on our products today and future existing products, because the enterprise, in particular, the products are quad-core-ready. You have one of the fastest-growing companies in the server segment today, which is Sun, is totally committed to our product line. You have a new customer that just signed up named Dell, who is also committed to working with us going forward. Frankly, we're not through with customer acquisitions. We still have a number of customers around the world that have yet to sign, and we are confident that in 2007, we will see additions to that, too. So yes, I recognize and I admit that there will be some short-term shareholders who are going to experience some concern and agony over a quarter or two where things don't go perfect. But we're confident, and we're hoping that we can convey that to you. We already conveyed that to our customers, and that is why they are signing up to use us long-term and in big ways.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Freedman - American Technology.
Doug Freedman: If you could comment a little bit on any impact that you might have seen over the DDR1 pricing rises in the marketplace, and what impact that might have had on your business? And if you could give us some insights into the percentage of products that are presently supporting DDR1 versus DDR2?
Henri Richard: First, the DDR1 and DDR2 prices have been kind of switching back and forth position over the course of the quarter. I don't think there's a real trend there; it's very spotty. Frankly, my insight in the market tells me that NAND has a bigger impact on DDR pricing than anything else, because a lot of the switching back and forth on the line is between Flash and DDR memory. As far as the second part of your question, there's still a large portion of the server sales that were executed in the third quarter that are based on DDR1 technology because, as you know, the cycles on those projects products are longer. So, even though there has been a lot of announcements from all our key partners of Rev F-based products, the reality is that those products will not hit to market until Q4 and in some cases Q1, and that's all per the plan. For the client side, it's essentially converted. Going forward, we are shipping DDR2-enabled products almost exclusively.
Doug Freedman: We have talked quite a bit on the call so far about the Fab 38 plan and expansion and moving into 65 nanometer. Would I be correct in believing that Fab 38 will be your first 45 nanometer facility? Any thoughts on how quickly we will be able to move from 65 into 45 nodes?
Dirk Meyer: Our plan is to begin to ramp 45 nanometer products from an output perspective in roughly mid-2008. For the current plan, we will actually start to do that more or less simultaneously between Fab 36 and Fab 38.
Operator: Your final  question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Just one quick question, returning to the OEM versus channel side of the equation. You talked about the OEM business getting up to now greater than 50%. Is there any difference in the margin structure, either on the gross margin line or with some sort of co-marketing dollars below COGS in the SG&A line, that would create different profitability for the customers on the OEM versus the channel side of the business?
Henri Richard: As we indicated, we have the long-term plan to stabilize our business by having a greater percentage of it derived from OEM. But even within the OEM, of course, there's large marketmakers that are very important, in order to secure long-term visibility on the market. We have made a lot of progress in that direction now. These customers, as Dirk was pointing out, are participating in various market segments. Typically, they have a wider product range, and participate in many more segments and in some cases many more geographies. So, again, there's no simple answer to your question, because it's a matter of mix: mix of products and, of course, mix of geographies; and, within those, mix of commercial versus consumer segments. So overall, it's very clear that the largest customers in the world want to command a premium over the smaller customers in the world. But the reality is that, again, you have to go case-by-case. As far as the cost of supporting those customers, frankly, we put dedicated teams on all of our key accounts, but we also have dedicated teams in the channels. So there's no real large deltas in terms of cost of support between OEMs and channels.
Hector Ruiz: By the way, the channel continues to be  and will be for a long, long time  an incredibly important part of our go-to-market strategy. Over the time, Henri and his team have reduced the complexity of working with the channel, and we have now what we believe is a very strong position in that space. When we are growing units, as I mentioned earlier, 35% plus a year, we have an opportunity for those channel partners to still grow, despite the fact that the mix continues to change towards the OEM.
Ross Seymore: Again, in that balance, how do I think about the substitution effect possibly kicking in, where your OEM business is ramping very nicely, we're all well aware of the Dell side of things. I would imagine some of that is going to be targeted to areas where you already have current success. That 35% unit growth you are talking about, how do we get our arms around what sort of substitution effect might be impacting you within that 35%?
Henri Richard: I think, first, to assume that one customer ramping is automatically going to cannibalize existing business is a place where I'm not right now. It's too early to tell, anyhow, how things are going to shake out from that perspective. Again, go back to Dirk's point, we are participating in a lot of new markets, whether they are geographies or segments of the market. So that's where most of the growth is going to come, and we're very careful in working with our partners to position each of the new platforms that we're bringing to market to maximize our opportunity.
Ross Seymore: Fair enough. Then, the final question, to go back to a topic that has been hit on a couple times. You have mentioned about your customers dictating the expansion in your capacity, and you are building along the lines of their desires. Given the capital constraints that that might put you under, what sort of assurances can they give you on the pricing side of the equation? I would assume there's got to be a point at which they want capacity, but they also want the lowest-priced microprocessors they can get. So they have to have a balance with you being profitable. Help us understand how that trade-off works.
Hector Ruiz: Well, I am not aware of any plan that we have built with any customer or any partner that, over a period of time, does not show a reasonable return to our shareholders and is financially sound. If that were not the case, we would not be able to do it.
Mike Haase: Great, thanks. We will conclude the call. I look forward to seeing everyone at our analyst day on December 14th.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Advanced Micro Devices third quarter 2006 earnings conference call.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-21 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.  My name is Jeanie and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the AMD second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.  After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) It is now with great pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike Haase, Director, Finance and Investor Relations.  Sir, you may begin your conference.
Mike Haase: Thank you, and welcome to AMD’s second quarter earnings conference call.  Our participants today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman of the Board and CEO; Dirk Meyer, our President and COO; Bob Rivet, our CFO; and Henri Richard, our Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. This call is a live broadcast and will be replayed at amd.com.  The telephone replay number is 877-519-4471.  Outside of the United States, the number is 973-341-3080.  The access code for both is 7600579. The telephone replay will be available for the next 10 days starting at approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time tonight. In addition, I would like to call to your attention that our third quarter 2006 earnings quiet period will begin at the close of business Friday, September 15th. I would also like to remind everyone that our next Analyst Day is scheduled for the morning of December 14th in New York City.  We will provide you with more information closer to the event. Before we begin today’s call, I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements about management’s expectations.  Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations as set forth in the forward-looking statements. The semiconductor industry is generally volatile and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business and the risk factors that could affect us. You will find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filing, AMD’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 26, 2006. With that, I will turn the call over to Dirk Meyer.
Dirk Meyer: Thank you, Mike. In spite of our continued strong year-over-year growth, the second quarter leaves us unsatisfied as we did not meet our sales objective. On the positive side, we achieved 53% year-over-year sales growth, 57% gross margins and recorded the 12th consecutive quarter in which the year-over-year microprocessor sales growth exceeded 20%. Even in this challenging market environment we saw significant progress towards our goal to expand and strengthen our relationships with our largest global customers. Highlights of that progress include: Our strong gains with our biggest global customers were due in large part to the continued adoption of AMD Opteron processors. Once again, we set a record for AMD Opteron revenues, with increases of 26% sequentially and 141% year-over-year. ASP has increased and we believe we continued to gain unit and dollar share, as the server market continues to embrace AMD solutions across a broader industry footprint. We made further progress in manufacturing, allowing us to efficiently balance customer demand with the unique dynamics of our industry. More specifically, Fab 30 operations continued to perform at industry-leading levels. Fab 36 is ramping ahead of plans. We commenced shipment of products out of chartered semiconductor, and we are on plan to ramp 65-nanometer production in the second half of this year. We expect to do so at mature yields. Furthermore, we have announced plans to further expand production capacity at Fab 36, convert Fab 30 from a 200-millimeter to a 300-millimeter toolset, and accelerate our processor technology roadmap with an aggressive transition to 45-nanometer within 18 months of 65-nanometer production. AMD also received a non-binding, $900 million cash incentive package from the State of New York to build a wafer fabrication facility in Luther Forest, New York. On behalf of AMD, our customers and partners, I want to thank the State of New York for its tremendous commitment. In early June, many of you attended our technology analyst day, where we detailed our Torrenza strategic initiative. Torrenza represents a significant shift for our industry. It is the industry's first open x86 innovation platform, enabling processor and hardware vendors to innovate within a common ecosystem. For our customers and partners, Torrenza will create an opportunity for differentiation and value that is unprecedented in our industry. Leveraging the scalability of the direct-connect architecture, we also plan to demonstrate our next generation microprocessor core in a native quad-core implementation before the end of the year. In summary, while we cope with short-term disruptions in the market, we did not and will not lose our focus on executing our long-term strategy. Our global customer base is growing, supported by our industry-leading manufacturing execution and truly game-changing technology. I would like to ask Bob to review the results of the quarter, as well as to provide the outlook.
Bob Rivet: Thanks, Dirk. As we stated in our press release, and as Dirk just commented, we are disappointed that we did not hit our top-line guidance. However, we were very pleased with several elements of the quarter. As a result of the Spansion IBO, my comments comparing the second quarter of 2006 to the second quarter of 2005 do not include the results from what was our memory product segment. Second quarter sales of $1.22 billion were down 9% compared to the first quarter of 2006. Sales were up 53% compared to the second quarter of 2005, driven by growth in all segments. Geographically, processor sales were sequentially higher in China, offset by lower sales in North America and Europe. Consistent with normal quarterly seasonality, our total microprocessor unit shipments were down 4% sequentially, driven by lower shipment of client units and lower client ASPs. High-volume desktop processor ASPs were challenged in the quarter due to deep discounting in the marketplace. In some cases, we walked away from that business that did not make sense. We were pleased by the growth in our server processor business, recording a sequential double-digit percentage unit growth and single-digit percentage ASP growth. We believe we once again took market share in the server space, with 141% year over year AMD Opteron sales growth, and sequential growth of 26%. We are well on our way to achieving our year end goal of more than 30% server market share. Gross margin was a solid 56.8% and was within our long-term guidance, down slightly from the record of 58.5% in the first quarter of 2006. This was largely due to lower desktop processor ASPs. Total operating expenses, which include R&D and SG&A, were up 13% from the prior quarter, primarily due to the extra week of operations in the quarter and increased marketing expenses in support of our long-term goals to acquire new customers, expand business with existing customers, and increase commercial sales. Operating income of $102 million was down from the prior quarter and an increase in the second quarter of 2005. Net income for the quarter was $89 million or $0.18 per share. These results included: Now let me turn to the balance sheet. Our cash balance was $2.5 billion in the quarter, down $100 million from the first quarter, due largely to increased capital expenditures associated with investments in Fab 36. Inventories increased $68 million as planned from the first quarter, driven by the outstanding ramp of capacity and mature yields of Fab 36. Days of inventory ended the quarter at 76 days. Now, let's talk about the outlook. AMD's outlook statement for the balance of the year is based on current expectations. The following statements are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially, depending on market conditions. AMD expects demand for its products to be seasonally strong in the second half of 2006. We expect third quarter sales to increase sequentially. As a reminder, we will return to our typical 13-week quarter for third quarter. Operating expenses for the third quarter are expected to be flat from the second quarter. Non-cash stock-based compensation expense in the third quarter is expected to be approximately $20 million at the current share price. Depreciation and amortization will be approximately $200 million in the third quarter, and $800 million for the year, down slightly from our guidance of 2006 of $825 million. We expect 2006 capital expenditures will remain at our prior guidance of approximately $1.7 billion. 2007 capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $2.5 billion, as we expand Fab 36 capacity capabilities and start investing in our conversion of 300-millimeter of Fab 38. In summary, we are confident about the second half of the year and we continue to focus on the successful execution of our strategies. Now I will turn it over to Hector.
Hector Ruiz: Thank you, Bob. In this past quarter, we have entered into a new stage of industry transition. The world has spoken and it is really a new world that is about differentiation. It is a world about choice, about fair and open access to market. It is not about benchmarks. However, it is about innovation -- innovation beyond the transistor and beyond the core. Innovation based on customers and their needs. I believe this transformation is irreversible. The company, with its strongest leadership fundamentals, will emerge as the partner of choice. We continue to expand our platform footprint with the world's most discerning customers -- top-tier global OEMs like Acer, HP, IBM, Lenovo, Sun and soon, Dell. With truly innovative offerings in site, like our Torrenza open innovation platform, our upcoming four-by-four Enthusiast solution and the industry's only native quad-core, we will continue to provide a new path to differentiation and sustained value creation for companies starved of this choice. We are scaling our capacity to meet the growing number of companies wanting to work with a more customer-centric partner. Our Dresden and State of New York announcements secure our ability to meet significant increases in demand for our world-class products. Our commitment to Internet-enable 50% of the world's population by 2015 took another step forward this quarter with our agreement with Microsoft to support flexible business models in the emerging markets. Our industry has recognized that one business model, one technology does not fit all. We continue to be a magnet for the world's best and brightest technical minds. It is because of our exceptional collection of talent that I am confident in our ability to no longer just survive these industry disruptions, but thrive in them. Our industry is one of the most important in the world and, as such, we have a responsibility to evolve and transform along with the needs of our partners, customers, and markets. This quarter, we witnessed a few aftershocks from this transformation, as our new approaches to innovating technology and serving customers continue to take hold. We are fully confident and look forward to being able to thrive in this environment and continue our momentum to gain share. Finally, I would like to thank AMD employees everywhere for their commitment and excellence. Even in a challenging quarter, they remained focus on our most important objective -- delivering customer-centric innovation that enables our customers and partners to win in their markets, on their terms. Now let me turn it over to Mike Haase to start the question-and-answer period.
Mike Haase: Thanks, Hector. Operator, if we could start the polling, please?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question is coming from Mr. Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke: Thank you. Bob, I was wondering if you could give us some framework for some of the different splits and takes we should think about with respect to the gross margins as we move into the third quarter.
Bob Rivet: Obviously, we forecasted we think sales will go up, so you have to play that through the equation. Fab 36 will continue to ramp, but all of the inventory will be valued. It is ramping flawlessly, as I said. We do not give a forecast on gross margin, but to me, everything is moving in the right direction.
Tim Luke: With respect to the sales being up, if you could remind us how you perceive seasonality and whether, within that, we should expect this mix of maybe lower ASPs balanced by strong years in everything other than Opteron, or whether after such a strong ASP in Opteron in the second quarter, we might expect that to moderate some in the going forward. Thank you.
Henri P. Richard: I think it is clear the environment will probably remain challenging in the desktop. However, I am confident that our brand positioning and the positive impact of the dual-core Turion launch will help us in the mobile space. As you pointed out, we should also expect some offset with the strong continued success of Opteron.
Tim Luke: So units at the desktop and mobile are up, with both having ASPs lower, and possibly…
Henri P. Richard: No, no -- I would say units in both mobile and servers up, with solid ASP. Frankly, the market is uncertain on the desktop, as we have seen in the second quarter. I will not make a projection there.
Tim Luke: Is it fair to say you have seen your large competitor as aggressive in the early part of this quarter as they were at the end of last quarter?
Henri P. Richard: The issue that we are seeing in the marketplace is not so much the level of aggression but the way it is being communicated and how it is disruptive to the partners.
Tim Luke: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mr. Adam Parker with Sanford and Son. Please go ahead.
Adam Parker: Sanford and Son, I think that is a TV show. Anyway, I know you do not want to talk about benchmarking, Hector, but can you just talk to us about, or Henri, can you talk about your technology in the desktop business a little bit? How do you think your products stack up against Intel in the desktop space as we kind of head into comparing ourselves to Conroe? What can you do to gain share in desktop here in the next six months?
Henri P. Richard: You know, Adam,  it is very clear that our customers have a much better knowledge than I do of both the existing and future products that AMD and our competitor are offering. All I can tell you is that I continue to see a strong trend of increasing the number of AMD platforms we will offer to the market, so that tells me that more than ever, we are the smarter choice.
Adam Parker: Is that predicated on superior technology, or pricing or both? To what do you attribute that?
Dirk Meyer: Maybe I can provide some insight there. It is interesting from my perspective the performance crown in the microprocessor business is something that has been passed back and forth several times over the past 10 years, and I expect that to continue. Interestingly, who has the performance crown at a given instance is relevant really to a pretty small fraction of the marketplace. That fraction is one we refer to as the enthusiast market. Interestingly, our four-by-four platform initiative we think is going to continue to hold the hearts, minds and wallets of the enthusiast in the industry. But more relevant really to our business is the so-called mainstream market, where we have always -- and will continue to -- provide technology solution that meets the needs of that marketplace, and we do so, frankly, without the monopoly tax of our competitor. Our customers understand that. Their customers understand that. They all want choice and they are making that vote. They have made that vote, and we think they will continue to make that vote.
Adam Parker: Lastly, can you talk about how this extra week impacted your revenue in Q2 and how you expect it to impact your revenue in Q3? What is embedded in your guidance here about the one less week on the sequential basis in Q3?
Bob Rivet: Clearly, we did not get any up-lift for the extra week in the quarter, in the second quarter, from that standpoint. Clearly, we had the cost-side of the equation for the depreciation, payroll, et cetera, associated with the extra week. The third quarter goes back to the normal 13 weeks and we expect to grow from second to third, period. Cost will come down, which is why we are forecasting flat quarter on quarter, because we lose that extra week.
Hector Ruiz: Let me just add a couple of points there. One is, as Bob pointed out and I want to highlight it, we expect our revenue to be up in the third quarter, despite the 13 weeks, one less week of work. But in addition to that, as we said in our press release, we expect the second half of the year to be seasonably strong for us. The reason we feel that way, I think it is important to note, this is not just an analysis at a pretty high level -- this is based on the inputs from our customers, as Henri and Dirk pointed out, that are telling us that the way they see our product roadmap plans, availability of product, et cetera, they feel very bullish about their expectations of acquiring products from us. We feel very positive about the second half of the year. As a matter of fact, I believe that in the third quarter, we will be able to be above seasonality.
Adam Parker: The reason I was asking is because you talked about share gain in server, and then you did not mention what you think happened to share in both desktop and notebook in the second quarter. If Intel is guiding to 7.5% growth in Q3 and you guys are guiding to growth, but you have one less week in Q3, I was just trying to figure out if you were taking out that extra week in Q3, do you really think you are going to grow in-line with the market or faster and kind of continue to be a share gainer on the client side in Q3…
Henri P. Richard: It is clear -- probably two or three of us want to make a comment here, but it is pretty clear that we feel very bullish on the server side. It is pretty clear the numbers are big -- 26% sequential growth and 141% year on year, we are gaining share.
Adam Parker: Right, in the desktop and notebook…
Henri P. Richard: We will continue to do that. Now, let's see when the third party’s numbers come out in a few weeks, relative to the client, because frankly, Adam, if you look at the numbers right now, it would be very hard for us not to conclude that we might have held -- or perhaps even gained -- share on the client, despite the rather challenging environment that we saw in the second quarter. I want to remind you of what we all have said, is that our plan is to always gain share across the board. That has been our goal. Our goal is to break the monopoly, and we continue to have that goal. We have had 12 consecutive quarters of growing more than 20% year on year for 12 consecutive quarters. Our plans are to continue to do that. So I feel good.
Adam Parker: Thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you, Adam Parker, from Sanford Bernstein. Your next question is coming from Mr. Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Edelstone: Good afternoon. A couple of questions, if I could. The first one I guess is for Bob or Hector. What does the mix look like in Q3 between 300-millimeter wafers and 200? Then, what does that look like in Q4?
Dirk Meyer: Rather than give you the specific mix, why don't I just give you the overall ramp of Fab 36, and you can deduce from that. We started the ramp roughly at the end of '05, and we will complete the ramp to the full 20K per month level, roughly end '07. It is a pretty linear ramp across those eight quarters.
Mark Edelstone: Fair enough. Then, maybe for Henri or again for Bob, perhaps, I think your op-ex growth in Q2 ended up being more than you had expected. I think the guidance was 8, if I remember correctly. Can you talk about some of the programs you put in place? What, if anything, was the surprise to drive the overall spending levels above what you had initially anticipated?
Bob Rivet: Yes, I will give you just a high level and then I will turn it over to Henri, and he can get into more specifics. Basically, we did a fair amount of investing in the future, particularly in the marketing area, to continue to power our way through this environment with our eyes still set on the market share gains that we have laid out for us in all the different product categories. To give you a little more color and specifics, I will turn it over to Henri.
Henri P. Richard: Thank you, Bob. Mark, we have always had an aggressive plan to penetrate the commercial segment in 2006. We made no secret of that. Fundamentally based on customer feedback, the increasing number of platforms that will be available on the revision F of our Opteron server platform, which is coming out next month, and the opportunity in front of us in the second-half of the year to continue to accelerate our momentum in the enterprise, I made the decision to also accelerate our spending. I am sure you have seen our Power campaign and some of the other campaigns that we have put in place. We felt it was the right time to invest in the success of our enterprise penetration. The bulk of our spending is in that area.
Mark Edelstone: Two very brief ones, if I could. One is, what do you expect ASPs to do in the third quarter? Then, Hector, you talked about seeing seasonal strength in the second half of the year. How much of that strength do you think is coming from normal seasonality versus share gains?
Hector Ruiz: Mark, we believe that because the environment we call challenging in the second quarter is going to continue in the third, and probably likely even into the fourth, that we are going to be facing the second-half where ASP projections are going to be challenging to make, due frankly to the uncertainty of what our competitor is going to do in the desktop space, where a lot of the challenge has been. [inaudible] we are planning to say the ASPs are going to be reasonably flat. ok. As far as our reasons for optimism relative to growth, frankly because our customers are telling us that they expect the demand for our product -- so this is not a statement of the market, this is the demand for our product is healthy. That, combined with what we believe are some customer acquisition strategies for the second-half of the year, because we still have customers around the world that are not yet purchasing AMD products, the combination of that makes us feel optimistic. Translate all that to be -- we are going to gain share.
Mark Edelstone: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Mr. Eric Gomberg with Thomas Weisel.
Eric Gomberg: Did you say that you actually expect to be above typical season in the third quarter? If so, what is typical seasonality?
Henri P. Richard: No, we do not know what seasonality is going to be this quarter. Frankly, it changes every year. It ranges from -- Lord knows what number. The average is probably in the… [Multiple Speakers] Whatever the seasonality is this year, which is a function of so many things, if this year happens to be a third quarter that is seasonably up X percent, we expect to do better than that.
Eric Gomberg: Could you talk about where you expect inventory on your balance sheet to be exiting the third quarter? Also, what you think the status of channel inventory is right now?
Bob Rivet: Our plan is to build inventory in the third quarter in anticipation of an even stronger fourth quarter, probably at a slightly lesser rate than we did in the second. Fab 36 will be where that build will all take place. We have been running at full capacity in Fab 30. Fourth quarter will drain that off. So the typical pattern is build in second, build a little bit in third, and drain off inventory in the fourth. We are pretty consistent on that pattern and that is where we are going. This year might change in the fourth, depending on how the customer input comes in for the start of the '07 period of time.
Eric Gomberg: As far as where the channel sits today?
Bob Rivet: Henri, do you want to comment on that one?
Henri P. Richard: Sure, I would be happy to. The channel is obviously where most of the unrest has taken place in the second quarter, so consistent with our general practice, we have kept our inventories as low as possible, and did not build inventory during the quarter in the channel.
Eric Gomberg: Given Intel's behavior in the channel, would you expect to continue to walk away from low-end business this quarter, or do you expect that to moderate?
Henri P. Richard: Hector has always been very clear that our goal is to make profitable growth. We are going to take business that makes sense for our customers and for us. We are not going to go chase what I call lighting a cigarette in front of a gas leak.
Eric Gomberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Mr. Joseph Osha with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Joseph Osha: Lighting a cigarette in front of a gas leak, huh? I have a sense as to how Fab 36 is going to ramp. You said 20K a month by the end of '07, right? As I get beyond that and I think about the Fab 30 coming down and then coming back up, can you give me a sense of that end of '07 run rate, what is going to happen? Will 30 be coming down during '07 and coming back in '08? I am just trying to get my arms around the total output.
Bob Rivet: Yes, at the high level, what happens is we ramp Fab 36 to 20K, and then actually beyond that in '08. In '07, we start to take down Fab 30 and convert to a 300-millimeter toolset. In addition, we have chartered semiconductor, which is ramping now.
Joseph Osha: So is Fab 30 off-line by, say the end of '07?
Bob Rivet: It never really goes off-line. It is a conversion.
Joseph Osha: Okay, but it is a whole different toolset. I would think it effectively come down.
Bob Rivet: Think of it this way, Joe -- we will probably never go below 50% utilization in the facility. As we continue to flip out tools, what we are actually doing is building a separate building to actually augment the capacity to be able to flip the tools through the system. We will never actually go below about 50% utilization of the facility in the worst quarter of time. But again, we also have charter to fill in the blank from that period of time. We see continued capacity expansion through the '07-'08 period of time -- not exactly linear, but darn close.
Joseph Osha: So let's just imagine it is the end of '08 and I have 36 running at, let's call it 25,000 wafers a month, maybe the retrofit of Fab 30 at 20,000 and could charter be -- is charter ever going to be that big, or would it be maybe 10 or something like that?
Bob Rivet: It will be modulated.
Joseph Osha: But you could be in enterprise with mid '08, 50,000 300-millimeter wafers a month, right?
Bob Rivet: Yes, sir.
Joseph Osha: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Krishna Shankar with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Krishna Shankar: Yes, can you comment about the [inaudible] environment shares so far in July? Do you feel that some of this was based just on your competitor blowing out obsolete inventory, or [inaudible] getting obsolete? Will we see a more rationale environment in the channel going into Q3 and Q4?
Henri P. Richard: I think there were several factors, but probably the biggest factor was the fact that it seems the competition decided to throw away one of their brands and completely reposition Pentium. That had a very negative contribution to the environment, particularly in the channel. It is a little early now in July to give you a forecast of what is going on. Our checks indicate that there is still a lot of inventory out there, and that is why in my previous comments, I was fairly optimistic about the mobile space and the server space and cautious about the desktop space, because that is where the bulk of the channel business exists.
Krishna Shankar: My follow-up question is, everybody read the reviews on the competitor's new product line. Do you folks have any comment on what you have seen in terms of the trade reviews and what your upcoming AMD two socket will do in terms of the advancement in performance and power?
Henri P. Richard: Of course we are looking at all of those reviews. As you know, the main feature that the AM2 socket is bringing to the market is the support of DDR2 memory. We have never presented it as a performance improvement. We are going to continue to provide faster products to our partners. I am not going to disclose at this point in time our Q3 and Q4 plans. We are looking at what the competition is doing and they seem to be innovating at the core. We are going to continue to innovate, both at the core and at the platform level.
Hector Ruiz: I would just like to add that when we launched Turion, the first launch of Turion was very successful, if you remember back to the days. We actually stated that was the most successful product launch we had and fastest ramp. We're now, when we are introducing the X2, actually it is doing even better than that. The reaction from our customer base is very, very strong towards our product.
Krishna Shankar: My final question is Dell -- when will Dell actually start to ship the Opteron server-based products in volume?
Henri P. Richard: You should ask them. What they publicly stated is their plans are to have a product by the end of the year on the server.
Krishna Shankar: Does that mean that there's other products to come through? You seem to be hinting at a broadening of a relationship with Dell.
Henri P. Richard: Our hopes are always to broaden our relationship with all of our customers. We used to be mainly a desktop supplier to HP. We are now a broad-based supplier to HP. That is our plan, our intent, our desire. It is no different with Dell, but at this point in time the only product they have openly announced is the launch of a server by the end of the year.
Krishna Shankar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Lacey Higgins with Prudential. Please go ahead.
Mark Lipacis: Actually, it is Mark Lipacis from Prudential. A couple of questions. Dirk, I thought in the beginning in your comments, you talked something about a native quad-core, and I missed that. Would you be so kind as to review what you were talking about? Is that a change of the production schedule for quad-core?
Dirk Meyer: High level is not really a change. It is really an amplification to what we said at the analyst conference in June. We have a new core under development. The first instantiation of which will be in a quad-core form, to be launched roughly mid '07. What I said is we will demonstrate that by the end of the year.
Mark Lipacis: Thank you. Bob, for the $2.5 billion in cap-ex for '07, what is the expectation for funding that through cash flow from operations, or through some other means?
Bob Rivet: No, current cash on the balance sheet and cash flow from operations.
Mark Lipacis: Last question, as you guys are ramping Fab 36, could you give us a framework for understanding how we should think about the cost structure on products that are coming out of Fab 36 versus Fab 30 right now? Thank you.
Bob Rivet: Right now, Fab 36 is a premium, meaning costing more than Fab 30 because we are still, to Dirk's point, quite a ways away from the appropriate asset utilization in that space. To decode what Dirk said, we will go out of this year about 50% utilized from a wafer start standpoint. The 300-millimeters, as we all know, yields about a 30% advantage compared to a 200-millimeter wafer. We will start crossing to Fab 36 as cheaper at the same technology node in the fourth quarter timeframe.
Mark Lipacis: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mr. Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest. Please go ahead.
Michael McConnell: Thank you. Looking at your competitor's balance sheet yesterday, we saw inventory up 22% sequentially. They are now at record inventories. Your inventory on your balance sheet is up 20%. You are both giving indications you are going to raise inventory on absolute dollars again in Q3 -- both saying you are going to be gaining share. Why shouldn't we be worried that this could get even uglier right now as we progress into the second half of the year?
Henri P. Richard: I believe the situations are quite different. It is clear from the actions taken in the second quarter that there is an awful lot of aging inventory that needs to be dealt with. We recognize that is going to be a challenge and creates this very challenging environment that we talked about in the second quarter, that we think will continue in the third quarter. We are not building aging inventory. We are building inventory like Turion X2, which is highly desired by our customers. Our Opteron demand is strong. We have shipped everything we built in the second quarter in Opteron. Our view is somewhat different. Even if our competitor is building inventory on the new products that they have announced, they still have the very large aging inventory that they have to deal with. I believe these are two very different things. Similarly, when we look at our capacity plans and expansion, they are based again on the input our customers give us on their wishes and desires to participate in the products that we build. I said in my opening remarks, we believe very strongly, is if the see-change in the industry is that customers really have embraced the idea of choice. They want and need AMD to be a major player and a major supplier. I believe our performance over the last few years has earned us the right to be a major supplier to our customers. We believe that is going to increase in the footprint with each of them, it is also going to increase. I believe our plans are sound. Our expansion capacity is very sound and based on planning, based on customer needs. From our end, we are not worried about having too much capacity.
Michael McConnell: Looking in September, there is some indication that your competitor is going to be changing their pricing strategy, at least traditionally, with the rebate activity with the OEMs versus the channel. Understanding you are taking some share at the OEMs currently, but looking at the channel, that has historically been a very strong segment for you. With them now looking at potentially evening out the pricing between the channel and the OEMs, are you still comfortable with that change that you can still take share in the third quarter, as well as the fourth quarter?
Henri P. Richard: The information that you are referring to is supposedly being implemented by the competition on the 24th of July price move, but all our indication in the market are that this is a story or smokescreen, and that there is no fundamental change in the price structure of OEMs versus distribution.
Michael McConnell: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse First Boston. Please go ahead.
Michael Masdea: Thank you. I guess this is the one question to follow-up with what you said already about the competitive environment. It sounds like the real battleground is on the desktop area. The whole idea of going after profitable growth, is there some tipping point at which you say that the share loss is too much and you are willing to play that game? With Fab 36 ramping up, can you get more aggressive, or is that always going to be the case where you will walk away from too aggressive desktop business?
Dirk Meyer: I will start and I think Hector will want to add. First of all, our high level approach is to build capacity based on the demand signals that we get from our customers and, within a capacity context, make decisions and maximize the gross margin dollars that we get for the business. That is what we will continue to do. Relative to the pricing dynamic in the marketplace, from my perspective, it is kind of interesting. We have always had price competition across the entire front of our business. I think what is changing is in Intel has not always had price competition across the entire front of its business, but is beginning to feel that change. Frankly, the idea of continued price competition does not bother us because it is nothing new to us.
Hector Ruiz: The only thing I would add is a minor modification, which is important. You said the desktop will be the battleground. I think what I will add to that is right now, this challenging environment is the desktop in the channel. As Dirk pointed out, we welcome competition and we thrive on figuring out ways in which we can thrive in that environment. The one thing I do want to point out that Dirk and Bob alluded to in earlier comments, they are so important that I want to make sure they do not get missed, is that we managed to achieve in the first and second quarter a gross margin performance that between 55% and 60%, which is quite strong and frankly, levels we had not achieved in our company for a long time. We have managed to do that being at 200-millimeters, 90-nanometer technology, and a factory that was small in the relative terms. By the way, that was prior to us participating strongly in the server space, therefore our ASPs were even lower. We are now moving in this second half of the year aggressively toward 300-millimeter, as we pointed out, aggressively ramping 65-nanometer, and because of our stronger participation in both the server space and the commercial space, improving ASP outlook once we get past this nightmare of a challenging environment. Everything we are doing now is in the direction of goodness, based on an already strong performance, based on the parameters I just mentioned. We believe our opportunity to continue to be very competitive, even in this very challenging desktop environment, is only going to improve and get better.
Michael Masdea: Thank you. Then, kind of in that vein, you had you significant wins in the commercial market on the desktop side of Lenovo and the thin client Fujitsu. Walk us through how you kind of got over that hurdle to get into those commercial markets. How do you get these OEMs, and some of the ones you have not gotten so far, to expand their commercial offering so you can have more access to those higher ASPs?
Henri P. Richard: We have always told you that for us, the challenge is not the demand at the end-user level, but the fact that the market would be offered the choice. It is very clear to me that it is increasingly obvious to companies in our industry that offering choice is a competitive advantage for them -- their sales force talking to their customers. Hector talked about a change in the industry and there is a tipping point. Frankly, the penetration of Opteron in the enterprise space has helped us give those customers confidence that there was true demand for AMD products. Now we have to continue to ensure we penetrate all of these OEMs and offer a greater number of sku’s, and that will drive a greater market share. It is all about having access to the market and breaking the monopoly.
Michael Masdea: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Mr. Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello: Good afternoon, thanks so much. Quick question on the cap-ex. I understand today you do not believe you have or are you adding too much capacity. I understand your '06 and '07 cap-ex budgets are a sign of your confidence in the business. But there comes a point at which if you were to miss numbers a couple of quarters again in a row, the capacity and the cap-ex ramp would become a problem. The question is at what point would you think about scaling back on the cap-ex, understanding that today you do not believe there is a problem? Under what scenario would you think about scaling it back?
Bob Rivet: I am not sure I would lay out at this point a scenario, but hopefully we have demonstrated historically to date, we are pretty flexible in this area. It is not just a bill it yourself, build it and damn the torpedo kind of issue. All of those numbers are flexible - to flex them up or down depending on the needs in the marketplace based on the signals we are getting from our customers.
Jim Covello: Do you think there is a scenario that the cap-ex could be adjusted -- the 2007 cap-ex plans could be adjusted within 2006? Or do you think it would need to be a longer time frame over which you would need to see weakness relative to your plan in order to adjust the planned cap-ex?
Bob Rivet: We think we can affect future periods at any moment in time by pushing and pulling on those numbers. We could be in '07 and affect '07’s numbers just like we are in '06 affecting '06 numbers, because we pulled it in and actually have accelerated our spend to put more capacity in place. We are pretty flexible in that term. In addition to that, we have the toggle of charter semiconductor to flex up or flex down.
Jim Covello: Right. Final question, same topic -- how much near-term pain are you willing to withstand in terms of cap-ex, or depreciation increasing in a weaker revenue environment? How much of a near-term decision is it versus a two- or three-quarter decision? In other words, if you started losing money, would that alone be enough make you cut your cap-ex plans for the future, or even then, would it be dependent upon what your future outlook would be?
Hector Ruiz: Frankly, we hate hypothetical questions, because we do not know what the environment is going to be when one of those parameters gets met. I think we are prudent in what we do. We have demonstrated that in the past. As Henri pointed out, our commitment is to profitable share growth. We are careful with that. Having said that, we are not going to let a quarter or two of a challenging environment detract us from our long-term vision of breaking the monopoly. We will put in place and shoot ahead of the duck. The only thing that can keep the duck from getting there is the monopoly.
Jim Covello: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Mr. Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Glen Yeung: There was a question earlier that asked whether or not there was some share level at which point you would capitulate. Maybe ask the question another way -- is there some margin level at which point you say, you know what, I do not want to go below that margin level and that is all there is to it?
Hector Ruiz: Again, these are hypothetical questions that have way too many parameters. First of all, we have strategic customers. We have strategic partners. We have regions of the world where we have a strategic intent to do certain things. Those are a rather complex mixture of challenges. In relation to that, we have brands that we have created that address different segments, different markets. It is not a simple answer. I think what I would like to leave you with is we have a competent executive team here that manages the cause, manages the brand, manages the relationship with customers. I think we do it well. Frankly, I think that is one of the strengths going forward -- that is just not going to change.
Glen Yeung: Good point. The next question I have is, and this may sound a bit odd, given the environment that we are in, but I will ask anyway -- do you actually sense that given where you are today as compared to where you were a quarter ago, and recognizing that there was not a lot of things that you necessarily knew were going to happen in the next 90 days a quarter ago, do you actually feel like your visibility now is a little bit better? You live with a quarter of Intel's craziness. You have some interesting share gain opportunities coming up for you this quarter. Seasonally, it looks a bit better. Does it feel a little more certain to you? Maybe just your sense on that.
Henri P. Richard: First, let's remember that the second quarter in our industry is always the toughest. So for me, to give you visibility to the third quarter and the fourth quarter, where you have back to school -- you talk about the consumer market -- back to school in the third quarter, Christmas season in the fourth quarter -- things become a little more predictable because those are stronger quarters inherently, assuming industry seasonality would be the usual one. Secondly, there are only so many brands that a competitor can throw away. Our competition has destroyed, in less than six months, two of the strongest brands they have ever built -- Intel Inside and Pentium. I do not know how many brands they are going to throw away, but they are going to run out of them. Therefore, as a result of that, there is a little bit of a clearer picture in terms of what could be the strategy. Frankly, the issue that we are dealing with is that all of this disruption is not expending the market. There is not a lot of elasticity in some of the pricing action that has been taken, as demonstrated this last quarter in the channel. The partners are a little bit confused. I think it is time to settle down and give them long-term guidance, and that is what we are doing. We do not want our partners to be worried about what they are doing putting our products in the market place. We want to be the predictable, reliable partner. We are going to be that in the second half of the year.
Glen Yeung: That is actually a very helpful answer, thank you. I just have one last question, which may be a little esoteric here, but I actually wanted to get an update on your [ZRAM] technology, and if there has been any progress there.
Dirk Meyer: We are continuing to evaluate that technology internally and are not prepared to comment further.
Glen Yeung: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mr. David Wong with A.G. Edwards. Please go ahead.
David Wong: Thank you very much. 65-nanometer roll-out, can you give us an update on when you expect that to be?
Bob Rivet: We will start ramping the factory in the second-half of this year, and ship into the market our first parts by the end of the year.
David Wong: Great. With charter, you mentioned charter a couple of times. Can you give us some feel for the growth margin and profitability, a profile of stuff that you ship from charter?
Bob Rivet: I do not think we want to be specific as to, you know, profitability and gross margin numbers. The commentary I will provide is that we are shipping and planning to continue to ship a mix client products from charter semiconductor.
Hector Ruiz: The only thing I would add, I think it is appropriate to say that we are very, very happy with charter and their management team. They have done an outstanding job and the yields and quality of the product is very good.
David Wong: But could we assume that the gross margin of charter would by definition be lower than in-house, or we cannot assume that?
Bob Rivet: No, that is a true comment. They need a taste of the action to be in the game. We have no capital investment in the charter semiconductor business, so we have to pay for the cost of capital and the wafer. But it is all marginally good. It is incremental margin dollars to the company to run the charter semiconductor business. If it wasn't, we would not do it.
David Wong: My final question, I was interested in your comment that you have marching orders not to take any unprofitable business, and also about shooting at the duck. If you had a big, particularly important strategic duck that was quacking at you, would you take unprofitable business?
Hector Ruiz: The marching orders are we have to be prudent in the things that we did and we had to have profitable growth. Sometimes, you know, addressing a unique particular need with a customer who is very strategic, could be a very narrow segment that may not be profitable in totality. That customer segment or market has to be profitable.
David Wong: Great. Thanks very much.
Mike Haase: Operator, we are going to take two more questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Mr. Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Shawn Webster: This is Shawn Webster for Chris. I had a question on the operating expenses. Can you expand a little bit on why they might be flat sequentially, compared to a 14-week quarter? Then I have a quick follow-up.
Bob Rivet: We lose a whole week. So a whole week, just pick your number, but in round terms, that is a 7% issue, so there is a 7% of cost that goes away when you transition from a 14-week quarter to a 13-week quarter. Basically, we are saying we will have a 7% increase in natural cost offset by the 7% decrease of the extra week.
Shawn Webster: Can you maybe characterize it then, what is driving the sequential, assuming there is a 13-week in Q2, what is driving the growth there?
Bob Rivet: Continued expansion in Fab 36 and continued investment in strategic programs, both in R&D and in Sales and Marketing to continue to capture customers, expand the market, et cetera.
Shawn Webster: Within your spending profile, you have talked a little bit about how charter is flexible capacity and you have some leeway there in terms of your capacity growth, depending on the demand and order environment. Can you talk about what you are spending for charter to enable profits reporting and the design work that is happening for charter processes, et cetera?
Bob Rivet: No, we do not disclose that type of information.
Shawn Webster: Then can you give, on the capacity front, in the past you have talked about unit processor capacity for 2007 I think in the range of 65 million to 70 million units. Are you still in that range today looking forward? Can you give us an update there?
Dirk Meyer: I think in the past what we have communicated is unit capability in the 2006 timeframe in the 60 million-ish area, and an intention to go more to the 80 million-ish area next year, and 100 million the year before that. That guidance stands.
Bob Rivet: We still have flexibility to push and pull on that. Of course it is dye-size dependent, but that is still a good guidepost at this moment in time.
Shawn Webster: Is charter still representing the 5 million and 15 million units within those two years, as far as the flexibility?
Bob Rivet: Yes, it is going to be 10% of that kind of number, upwards of 20. It kind of depends on a given quarter.
Shawn Webster: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question is coming from Mr. John Lau with Jefferies & Co. Please go ahead.
John Lau: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask you again, Henri, Dirk, circling back to servers, there has been a lot of focus there. With the competition on the Woodcrest launch, have you noticed any recent pricing action that has been a little more aggressive? Can you give us some color as to how that is entering the market, especially in the area that you are very strong in? Thank you.
Henri P. Richard: John, it is a little bit early to see what Woodcrest is going to be. Frankly, there is not that many out there. It has always been a very competitive environment in the two-piece space. We are seeing a lot of growth in the four-piece space, which is very good for us, given the scalability of our platform. I expect that of course the competition will want to be very aggressive in that market. As you know, those are bids-driven type of pricing environment, and so it is very difficult to derive how with a few days of availability, any sort of trend.
John Lau: As a follow-up, Henri, can you characterize what your ratio split is between 2P and 4P right now?
Hector Ruiz: I really do not want to give you that level of granularity. I am happy to tell you that the 4-piece space is growing nicely and we are going to make sure it continues that way.
John Lau: Thank you.
Mike Haase: That will conclude the call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s AMD second quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful evening.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-13 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Advanced Micro Devices first quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike Haase, Director of IR. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Mike Haase: Thank you and welcome to AMD's first quarter earnings conference call. Our participants are Hector Ruiz, Chairman of the Board and CEO; Derrick Meyer, President and COO; Bob Rivet, our CFO; and Henri Richard, our Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. This call is a live broadcast and will be replayed at amd.com. The telephone replay number is 877-519-4471. Outside of the United States, the number is 973-341-3080. The access code for both is 7188392. The telephone replay will be available for the next ten days starting at 5 p.m. Pacific Time tonight. In addition, I would like to call to your attention that our second quarter 2006 earnings quiet time will begin at the close of business Friday, June 16. I would also like to remind everyone that our next Technology Analysts Day is scheduled for the morning of June 1 at our Sunnyvale location. Additional details will be provided as we get closer to the event. Before we begin today's call, I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements about management's expectations. Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations as set forth in the forward-looking statements. The semiconductor industry is generally volatile and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our business and risk factors, setting forth information that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. You'll find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filings, AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2005. During the call we will be referencing certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find our presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure together with a reconciliation to GAAP on the investor relations page of our website, AMD.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Hector Ruiz.
Hector Ruiz: Thank you, Mike. Today's call we are doing a little bit differently. I have the pleasure of introducing to you our newly appointed President and COO, Derrick Meyer. He is a University of Illinois graduate and better known in AMD for having led the troops in the creation of our Athlon product line as well as our current AMD 64 architecture. So it is indeed an honor for me to share the leadership of the Company with Derrick, and I am thrilled to introduce him to you today. He will talk about the operations of the Company. He will be followed by Bob Rivet, who will describe the financials of the Corporation, and then I will come back at the end before our Q&A to give some closing remarks and some comments on the outlook. With that, let me turn it over to Derrick.
Derrick Meyer: Hector, thank you very much for that kind introduction. I am very happy to be more actively involved in telling the AMD story to those of you in the investment community. The first quarter was yet another in a series characterized by solid growth and improving fundamental business execution. The result of great, across-the-board execution by an increasingly focused and motivated team. In a nutshell, the quarter was highlighted by record AMD Opteron sales, record gross margin, continued strong adoption of our platforms by leading OEMs and key channel partners, solid progress in the strengthening of our balance sheet, and continued manufacturing excellence. Once again, we did what we said we would do. We have posted year-on-year growth in excess of 20% for 11 consecutive quarters, and in the last two quarters posted greater than 70% year-over-year growth. Further, continued ASP improvement in the quarter confirms the rise of AMD as a premium brand for both consumer and commercial customers. As an example, it was another quarter of record revenue for the AMD Opteron processor family. With Opteron, AMD set the performance standard that the competition is now chasing: performance per watt leadership, a more relevant or customer-centric measure of system performance. And, our unique direct-connect architecture will help us continue to set the bar for system-level performance for years to come. We are really very pleased to be named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 10 most-admired companies for innovation, and a leader in the category of innovation among semiconductor companies in 2005. That innovation continues to open up broader market opportunities with global OEMs, regional powerhouses and channel leaders throughout our growing ecosystem. As examples, HP, IBM and Sun Microsystems incorporated our newest AMD dual-core Opteron processors in their server offerings. China's third-largest computer manufacturer, and the second-largest home PC brand, Tsinghua Tongfang introduced a new series of computer systems powered by AMD Athlon 64, Turion 64 and Centron processors. We took a very strong step forward in our relationship with Lenovo with the worldwide launch of a new line of professional client PCs. This builds on the considerable success AMD and Lenovo have shared during the last two years in China. More than 500 new participants have joined the growing ranks of the AMD commercial systems channel program, a worldwide community of solutions integrators, value-added resellers and distributors with over 20,000 channel sales and technical reps. Finally, AMD welcomed Super Micro Computer, Tyan Computer Corporation and Uniwide Technologies to our validated server program, expanding that program worldwide. In Dresden, our Fab 36 team began first revenue shipments in March. Yields are outstanding, and we remain on track for production shipments of 65 nanometer product in the second half of this year. To summarize, we continue to execute successfully against our technology, manufacturing and customer acquisition strategies. Now, I would like to ask Bob to review the results of the quarter as well as the outlook going forward.
Bob Rivet: Thanks, Derrick. AMD had an excellent first quarter. Major highlights in the quarter included: 71% sales growth year-over-year, and the 11th quarter of significantly better sales growth compared to our competitor. Our share gains continue. We had record gross margin of 58.5%. We set another new record of AMD Opteron processor unit and dollar sales. Generated free cash flow of $275 million in the quarter; and, significantly improved our debt to capital ratio to 12%. As a result of the Spansion IPO last December, my comments comparing the first quarter of 2006 to historical periods do not include the results from what was our memory product segment. The first quarter sales of $1.33 billion were flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2005, and up 71% compared to the first quarter of 2005. Server, mobile and desktop processor sales mix improved in the first quarter, with desktop and mobile ASPs increasing. We established another new sales record for our Opteron processor family, driven by increased customer adoption of dual-core processors. Client sales were seasonally down, however Turion 64 and Athlon 64 dual-core units and sales increased over the fourth quarter. Geographically, processors sales were especially strong in Greater China, Russia, South Asia and Latin America. Overall, we believe that once again we took dollar share across server, mobile and desktop product offerings. Gross margin was a record 58.5%, up from 57.3% in the fourth quarter of 2005, largely due to product mix improvements, increased ASPs and manufacturing efficiencies. Operating income of $259 million in the quarter remained at approximately the same levels as to the prior quarter, and increased significantly from the first quarter of 2005. First quarter operating income comprehends a full quarter of depreciation for Fab 36. Total operating expenses, which includes R&D and SG&A, were up 3% from the prior quarter, and we continue to make progress toward our long-term goals with R&D and SG&A both approximately 19% of sales in the quarter. Net income for the quarter was $185 million, or $0.38 per share. These results included a non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $15 million or $0.03 per share due to FASB-123; an expense of $20 million, or $0.04 per share associated with the redemption of $210 million of senior debt; a 15% effective tax rate and an $18 million loss associated with our 37.9% ownership in Spansion. Now let me turn to the balance sheet with a few highlights. Our cash balance increased to $2.6 billion in the quarter, up $800 million compared to the fourth quarter due to a few large items: over $560 million of cash flow from operation, including positive free cash flow of $275 million; a successful $500 million equity offering, which we partially used to pay off $210 million of our senior 7 ¾% debt. Inventories were $337 million, and they declined 13% from fourth quarter levels, with days of inventory at 55 days, down six days from the prior quarter. We have made significant progress to our long-term debt to capital structure target of 20%, ending the quarter at 12% due to the $500 million equity offering, conversion of the $500 million on a convertible note from debt to equity, and we paid down $210 million of our 7 ¾ senior note. Now let's talk outlook. AMD's outlook statement for the second quarter is based on current expectation. The following statements are forward-looking, and actual results could differ materially depending on market conditions. AMD expects second quarter sales to be flat to slightly down seasonally from the first quarter of 2006. If achieved, this would be approximately a 65% increase from comparable sales in the second quarter of 2005. As a reminder, in contrast to our typical 13-week quarters, the second quarter of 2006 will have 14 weeks. Operating expenses for the second quarter are expected to increase by approximately 8% quarter on quarter. Stock compensation expense in the second quarter is expected to be approximately $20 million at the current share price. Depreciation and amortization will be approximately $825 million for the year, with second quarter depreciation increasing by at least 10% from the first quarter. We are raising our 2006 CapEx forecast based on unit demand increases for AMD products. We expect it to be approximately $1.7 billion as we accelerate our 300mm ramp. Based on our forecast, we expect our 2006 tax rate to be approximately 15%. We had a good quarter and in summary, AMD continues to execute its strategies and focuses on sustainable, profitable growth. Now I will turn it over to Hector.
Hector Ruiz: Thank you, Bob. AMD's impressive growth story continued in the first quarter. If you look at where the growth has occurred, you see that it is in places that represent some of the highest quality revenues in the industry. In enterprise data centers, in power efficient Blade servers, in mobile platforms, in our world-class dual-core products, and in high-growth regions such as China, Russia, Latin America and India. We continue to show the capacity to achieve significant share gains in our industry's most important competitive arenas, reflecting a growing loyalty to the AMD brand. Imagine what we could do with without the daily interference of monopolistic practices in an environment of fair and open competition. Our strategy is working. We're well on our way towards reinventing the competitive dynamics of our industry. But I suggest you look beyond the numbers. As CEO, these are the things about which I am most pleased to report. When you look at this Company I would encourage you to examine the footprint that we have created, a footprint defined by an expanded set of world-class OEM partners, starting with Sun, HP and IBM, and growing power houses such as Lenovo, Tongfang and Sahara. AMD's opportunity with these great companies is rapidly expanded, a testimonial to our differentiated and value proposition, and delivering on our promise of customer centric innovation. We encourage you to monitor this platform expansion as the leading indicator of the quality of our partnership and the sustainability of our success. Take a look at the breadth and depth of the relationships we continue to build in the software and hardware community. We have become a top tier partner to many of the world's leading hardware and software companies, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Oracle, ATI, collaborating on next-generation technologies, including virtualization, security, and digital entertainment solutions. Most important, I would encourage you to monitor the quality of the people that we continue to attract and retain. Our executive team is populated with ex-CEOs and other seasoned professionals that have earned their stripes in world-class technology leaders. Our design team has tripled since 2003, and AMD has become a magnet for world-class people looking to create the next generation of industry-leading innovations. In addition, our manufacturing team continues to set the bar for fab performance on leading-edge technologies. I personally believe we have assembled the strongest talent pool in the microprocessor industry, and that trend is only accelerating. Everyone on this team is highly motivated by their once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to truly change the shape of one of the world's most important industries. Our technology leadership remains solid, grounded in real customer needs. Our manufacturing execution continues on track and on time and we're confident in our capacity to maintain our unprecedented momentum. We remain highly motivated by the promise of a marketplace that is better for our customers, partners and end-users around the world. I am committed to work with Derrick and the rest of the management team as we strive to deliver great results in the coming years. Finally, I would like to thank AMD employees everywhere for their commitment and their excellence. Now let me give it back to Mike Haase for the beginning of the Q&A.
Mike Haase: Operator, if we could start the polling for the Q&A please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Joanne Feeney with Punk Ziegel & Co.
Joanne Feeney: Good evening and congratulations on a great quarter. I had a question regarding the profit-sharing relative to Q4 when we thought it was pretty high. I am wondering how that changed sequentially from Q4 to this quarter.
Bob Rivet: It is about the same. Profit sharing is a function of profits, and since profits were about the same, it is relatively the same number.
Joanne Feeney: So there wasn't an adjustment then of the incentive plans that dictates that payout?
Bob Rivet: Well you asked profit-sharing. Profit-sharing is what we pay to the general employee base. Incentive bonus stuff clearly is a different angle, if you're asking that question. That is lower than it was in the fourth quarter, based upon new expectations we set for the management team.
Joanne Feeney: Can you give us a sense of how much lower that is? How much of an impact that would have on the relative EPS of the two quarters?
Bob Rivet: No, I'm not going to give you that kind of granularity.
Joanne Feeney: If I could follow up, regarding the expenses in R&D and SG&A, Hector noted that you made some investments to beef up the design team, and so your percentage costs of both SG&A and R&D have gone up to around 19%. Is that something we should expect to see maintained at that level, or do you intend to make further investments in the R&D design teams?
Bob Rivet: We will continue to play through our attraction of talent to increase the design teams to work on further customer centric innovation. But we also believe the top line will continue to grow at even a faster rate, so that we will see dilution as time goes on of R&D as a percent of sales.
Joanne Feeney: Given that next quarter is going to be flat, do you expect that dilution then not to kick in until the second half?
Bob Rivet: Again, that was a long-term statement not a short-term statement. Flat sales, and with a guidance I gave, says that will be challenged in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell: Congratulations on a nice quarter. Looking at Q2 there has been a lot of talk about your competitors' price cuts. Could you comment on the margin outlook for Q2 on gross margins and operating margins?
Hector Ruiz: We think that right now we're facing an interesting situation where we believe that our product road maps, our technology transitions and our customers’ indications to us of expanding our footprint with them continue to be very positive and attractive. What is hard for us to tell, frankly, is what the competition is going to do about the situation that they created for themselves. Therefore I believe it is prudent at this point in time, despite our highly confident scenario relative to products and customers, that we should be cautious in the second quarter. Bob, anything you want to add on the margin side?
Bob Rivet: No, the only comment I would make is the comment that I tried to outline in the November Analyst Conference is that our margin goal is in the 55% to 60% range, and we will continue to try to live in that range as time moves on.
Michael McConnell: Should we think about the margin then on the gross margin line being closer to that 55% in Q2?
Bob Rivet: I'm not going to comment on that kind of direction.
Michael McConnell: If we looked at Q2 could you comment on what impact, if any, you feel in the channel and/or the OEMs on the desktop side, the improved availability of your competitors' chipsets will have, if any?
Henri Richard: This is Henri. As far as the channel is concerned, we have seen a lot of activity from our competitor at the low end. Clearly they seem to have more availability in that space. It doesn't seem to be affecting certainly our demand supply situation. For the record, we run a very lean channel. Our inventories are between four and five weeks. I don't have any further comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Lipacis with Prudential.
Mark Lipacis: Thanks a lot for taking my call. Two questions if I may. Bob, I think on the January conference call you had a forecast of $825 million in depreciation expense, but it would be front-end loaded. I think you may have suggested that it may have been higher by 10% in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. Based on what you reported and what you just guided, it seems like that almost is reversing, that depreciation expense would be back half loaded. Did I get that right, and can you help me explain what happened?
Bob Rivet: Depreciation is a function of the tools you put in place to run in the manufacturing environment. Clearly it is a complex equation when you're starting up a 300 mm facility. Right now the current expectation is you will see increased depreciation in the second quarter and beyond as time goes on, as we continue to install more productive capacity in Fab 36.
Mark Lipacis: Fair enough. Can you quantify, or just rank order -- you said you had growth in servers, notebooks and desktops. Could you help us by quantifying any of that and by any extent give us a range, or hopefully maybe just rank order which ones grew the fastest?
Henri Richard: Sure. This is Henri. Obviously server continues to be the leader here, followed by mobile and we had a very decent quarter in the desktop space. But clearly server is the engine of growth, with triple-digit growth year-on-year.
Mark Lipacis: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers.
Tim Luke: Thank you. I was wondering if, without getting into specifics, you would be share with us some of the factors that we should be thinking and framing our expectation for gross margin? In terms of maybe the depreciation elements or different elements on the gross margin. I was also wondering whether you might have been able to give any comment on how you had seen the linearity as you moved through the March period. Obviously your ASPs were up again in the quarter. Is that something that one should continue to expect in terms of mix?
Henri Richard: I will talk first about the linearity. We run a very tight engine at AMD, and have a very linear quarter. We actually had a very robust January and February. I know that there was a lot of noise in the marketplace that the quarter had started slowly. We obviously saw the traditional acceleration in March, which I think is a sign of a very robust market, at least from our perspective. With regards to ASP, our ASP continued to increase in the quarter across particularly the mobile segment and our dual-core offering. We will continue to manage our brands in order to drive to our long-term objective of crossing the $100 bar for our ASP.
Bob Rivet: With what Henri said, so again in my simple language, server, mobile desktop, with particular emphasis in the commercial space, and Fab 36 always becoming more productive every day we move through time, clearly that puts us in a range of living within that 55% to 60% zone. I would love to think that some time in the future we will punch through the 60%, but in this world we are in, I will stay at the statement of 55% to 60%.
Tim Luke: Henri or Bob, in terms of the guidance, you have your extra week this quarter, and obviously you have a lot of share momentum. Could you give us any elements that you think are key to focus on in terms of guiding what might be perceived as the usual seasonality of flat to slightly lower, notwithstanding the extra week perhaps?
Hector Ruiz: As I mentioned earlier, we actually feel very optimistic about the relationships and the expanded footprint with our customers. We are executing our road maps well. Our manufacturing is going well. So it all points to, I think, a very positive outlook for the year. But frankly it is difficult for us to judge at this point in time, given that the two players in the industry and the other one that has 85% of the market has got some issues they have to deal with. We need to understand that better before we get more crisper in what we think is going to happen in the near term. Over the longer-term nothing changes for us. We still believe we will continue to outpace the growth of our competition. We will continue to gain share. We still are bullish where we think we going to be in the next three to five years, and reaching 35% of the market.
Tim Luke: Thanks so much, Hector.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Parker with Sanford Bernstein.
Adam Parker: Just a clarification. Henri, I think you said you had a "very robust" January and February and then obviously you saw a traditional acceleration in March. My question is, does that mean the quarter finished in March more strongly then you previously anticipated, meaning you didn't see any impact from Intel at the low end desktop? Or can you just throw a little more color on that statement please?
Bob Rivet: The quarter finished as strongly as we expected.
Adam Parker: So all three months then were --.
Henri Richard: Again, I made a statement on our linearity. We are very proud in the way we run our business. So don't see in my comment that March was extraordinarily strong. We had a very good quarter throughout the quarter, with the normal acceleration in the last three weeks of the quarter.
Adam Parker: In terms of the server, mobile and desktop breakdown, if your revenue is flat and you said your ASPs were up and all three segments, correct?
Henri Richard: No, no. I said they were up in mobile and in desktop. You probably took notice of a change in pricing strategy that was planned in our Opteron lineup that took place in February. We have a strategy to drive a very aggressive penetration of our dual-core 2P offering. That strategy worked, with a very sharp increase in units.
Adam Parker: I'm just trying to get a little more color around the sequential unit growth in server versus the price decline. Given that you had record revenues, obviously it netted out positive. But is there any extra color you can give on, did you have double-digit unit growth, and therefore double-digit pricing decline, or it is there any additional color you can give there?
Henri Richard: Not really.
Adam Parker: Really? Okay. I'm trying to understand the depreciation schedule a little bit. I know somebody asked about it, but a year ago your depreciation was higher in AMD excluding memory than it is now despite the Fab 36 ramp. Maybe I don't understand what happened a year ago. Was there something different about how you were allocating depreciation to memory versus processors a year ago? Or am I wrong in thinking that the whole new fab should have brought about more depreciation now a year later?
Bob Rivet: You've got two lines going in different directions. The Fab 30, which has been our only asset in the microprocessor space, is starting to roll off fairly significantly on the depreciation schedule and Fab 36 is just coming on. Like I said, we put on the first full toolset in the January timeframe. We will continue to add additional tools to expand that capacity every day, week, quarter here on out. You can't crossover between the two.
Adam Parker: Sorry, one last high-level question. I don't know who wants to answer it, but do you think the PC market is setting up for a below normal seasonal Q2, kind of given your statements and your clear innuendo about Intel?
Hector Ruiz: If I do a 360 around the world, frankly in the first quarter the only market that was a little weaker than I think everybody expected was Europe. As we walk into 2Q it is always a difficult quarter for Europe. So that is the only uncertainty that I see around the world. The U.S. market was very strong. Of course, all the high-growth markets will continue to look very healthy. So the only guidance that I would give you is Western Europe in particular seems to have not completely recovered from a glut of inventory carried over from Q4, frankly, from our competitor.
Adam Parker: I think what we are all trying to do is figure out how you guys guided with an extra week at flat to slightly down. We think Intel is not going to be that great. Your guidance implies you're going to continue to gain share, yet the overall market is still kind of in line with normal seasonal. I am just trying to figure that out.
Hector Ruiz: I think you're going to get a chance to probably clarify some of that next week, I'm sure, when you talk to the other guy.
Adam Parker: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello: Good afternoon, thanks so much. Can you offer some perspective on how you see the competitive environment in the second half of the year as your competitor introduces some new products, which at least from the technical community have gotten some better reviews, after several quarters of you having a far superior product?
Derrick Meyer: This is Derrick. I will first observe that certainly our competitor's future road map has gotten a lot of attention lately. It is interesting, our sales and marketing teams have meanwhile been very focused on selling our current products, and hence maybe mainly some of the disparity in noise on the future. I will say that certainly the competition is aggressively trying to follow the lead we have established with the AMD 64 products. They are a good company, and I expect the competitive situation to tighten in the second half of the year. How to quantify that? I can't. The products aren't shipping. What I can say is our customers, who have the benefit of seeing both companies' road maps, have continued to expand their AMD-based platform offering, which I think speaks very well to our potential in the second half. In addition, Hector mentioned on the call that we have tripled our design teams over the last three years and we will have an opportunity to share with you the proof of that investment in our June Analyst Conference, where we will give you a bunch more detail on our future road map.
Jim Covello: Yes, but a quick follow-up to that is, would you expect the admittedly increased competitive environment in the second half to result more in a margin issue or more in a revenue issue? In other words, could your competitor theoretically be more aggressive on pricing in the lower end of the market, and that maybe has a little bit more of an impact if the product is more competitive, or you still don't think the pricing is the real driver of the decision-making?
Derrick Meyer: Well, you know, it is hard to speculate on that. What I will remind you is we are such a small part of the market that we believe we have got huge opportunity for growth in areas like commercial, where we're way under-represented. Our opportunity is not solely one of product, it is just ability to complete in the market, which we have had increasingly the ability to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Edelstone: Good quarter. Three quick questions, if I could. The first one would be for Henri. Henri, you talked about the ASP increase. Can you quantify on average what kind of ASP increase you saw sequentially?
Henri Richard: Sure. About 7%.
Mark Edelstone: Okay, great. And then two questions for Bob. First one is the 8% sequential increase in OpEx, how much of that is coming from the extra week? Are you having basically a linear increase in expenses to add in that extra week? If so, what does that imply for your third quarter type of OpEx run rate?
Bob Rivet: You're right, obviously we will have almost in round numbers a 7% increase due to just having the extra week on the docket for the second quarter. With a little bit more than that as we continue to try to expand, in particular, our design resource capabilities and appropriate investments in marketing as we go forward. Third quarter, obviously that 7% issue will go away. But you'll have continued investments for the back half of the year on technology and marketing investments. You won't get a 7% decline from second quarter to third quarter. But I'm not going to give you exactly the number, but kind of give you the flavor.
Mark Edelstone: That's great. And just the last question for you, Bob. I am pretty impressed with the decline in inventory in dollars, given the ramp of Fab 36. Can you just talk about what factors drove that? I would have thought there would have been some level of inventory build as you're bringing on that type of fab, and basically running material through.
Bob Rivet: As Henri alluded to, we run our demand supply very tight. We will continue to do that, as we even continue to exercise Fab 36. To me, we continually want to have as lean an inventory as possible. As a matter of fact, we call it the lean process. So we're just going to run inventories very tight.
Mark Edelstone: I guess, can you just talk about what the accounting methodology that you use as you're ramping a fab? Are you taking pretty aggressive write-downs as that material is moving through the fab?
Bob Rivet: Yes, we are conservative in our evaluation. We think that is appropriate, and so we shoot ahead of the duck. We value the inventory at a conservative of where we think we are going to be, not where we're at exactly at that moment in time. One of the benefits we're having is we are seeing mature yield right from the get go on Fab 36. That takes a lot of the guesswork out of the equation to figure out how to value the die, or value the wafers that are in the line.
Mark Edelstone: It would certainly sound like as that fab continues to ramp there's obviously going to be leverage as you start reaching more of a steady-state in that facility.
Bob Rivet: Just think of it this way, for everyone's benefit, it will become a bigger and bigger productive asset for AMD. It will be a significant portion of our output when we get to the fourth quarter of this year. So it will be a highly productive asset as we continue to move through time.
Mark Edelstone: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krishna Shankar with JMP Securities.
Krishna Shankar: Congratulations on a good quarter. Do you have any capacity constraints in the quarter in terms of meeting demand? Can you give us a sense for the ramp pace of Fab 36, will that be sort of a step up in output here in Q2, or is this going to be a fairly linear production ramp?
Derrick Meyer: This is Derrick here. The second one first. The ramp will be pretty linear over the course of this year and into next year. With respect to the first question, in aggregate we were not capacity constrained for the quarter. There were occasions where demand for, as an example, leading-edge product exceeded our forecast. In our efforts to meet that forecast we were occasionally supply constrained, for example, on package substrates. In aggregate across the quarter we were not capacity constrained.
Krishna Shankar: Given the sequential slight decline in several ASPs with your competitor trying to ship a lot of their existing generation of server product before they ramp up the newer generation in the second half, do you anticipate continuing pressure on server ASPs as they attempt to work down the inventory of their current generation?
Derrick Meyer: It is Derrick here. My response to that one is to remind you that our server ASPs decreased, but not as a reaction to the competitive environment, rather we decided to take an offensive stance relative to our pricing, given the capability of the product, the technology leadership on the product, and price in order to increase the size of our footprint in the marketplace, i.e., gain share. So what we did was not a reaction.
Krishna Shankar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Thornhill with UBS.
Tom Thornhill: Given that Fab 36 is ramping and strongly, or it sounds like, and you're looking for a linear trend there, and Fab 30 has been running according to some of the trade press very strong, above some expectations. Do you see demand such that you will need to use Charter in the second half of the year, or do you still intend to use Charter in the second half of the year?
Derrick Meyer: Derrick again here. Our plan remains to use Charter in the second half of the year. We expect to get outputs in that facility in the third quarter. One of the benefits of our approach with Charter is that we can flex our output based on demand as it materializes.
Tom Thornhill: Do you have an estimate of what percentage of your requirements you would expect to satisfy out of that relationship?
Derrick Meyer: Yes. We prefer not to give you that level of granularity.
Tom Thornhill: Any granularity at all on that, or is this going to be token?
Henri Richard: No, it is not going to be token, but it is really not something we would like to discuss today.
Tom Thornhill: Okay. One question on gross margins. The previous guidance had been a range of 51% to 57%. Are you at this point officially moving that range to now 55% to 60% as was mentioned earlier in the call?
Bob Rivet: Yes.
Tom Thornhill: Very good. Congratulations on a great performance for the whole team.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Lynch with Deutsche Bank.
Ben Lynch: I congratulate you as well. I understand that there are reasons to be reluctant to be very explicit on Q2, given the, I think, well-known issues at Intel. Could you comment on whether you are seeing some signs of it being more aggressive, and that is why you are reluctant to be explicit on commentary, or you just suspect that they will be more aggressive?
Henri Richard: This is Henri. I'm not going to speculate on what the competition is going to do or not going to do. Frankly, we're focused at continuing to execute our strategy, which seems to be working well. As Derrick pointed out, we did what we said we would do. We're being cautious for the second quarter because, again, historically it is the most difficult quarter for our industry. As I pointed out earlier, Western Europe seemed to be a little weak in the first quarter. It is an important market, and so it is just reasonable to be cautious. Now this said again, we're going to continue to execute the strategies that we had in the first quarter, and we think it is differentiated from our competitor.
Ben Lynch: So, Henri, if you are already seeing actions then it wouldn't be speculative to comment on them. If you're not seeing any then it would of course be speculation. I take your answer to mean that you're not seeing actions.
Henri Richard: I'm seeing -- no, that would be unfair. I am seeing a lot of low-end products, and I am seeing drastic price cuts on products that people don't want to buy.
Ben Lynch: Great. Bob, this may be a question for you. You have bumped up by a healthy amount the '06 CapEx, and left the full year depreciation unchanged. It this just ramp rate or this is something which would more affect the '07 depreciation number?
Bob Rivet: Based on our current expectations and requirements we're getting for our customer for our products, we feel it is appropriate to accelerate the ramp. So we actually take off in '07 at a little bit faster pace. Most of that depreciation will happen in '07 when it is actually put in place and turned on.
Ben Lynch: Just the last question I had. We have seen some reviews on the AM2 socket, which as far as we know, maybe you'll give us more information on the Tech Analyst Day, seems to be the major upgrade to the desktop offering this year. It doesn't seem to be in those independent reviews showing any performance improvement. Is this something which we should think about in terms of your competitiveness in desktop this year?
Derrick Meyer: Yes, this is Derrick. We will be transitioning our desktop, mobile and server offerings all from DDR1-based technologies to DDR2-based technologies. We feel that is the right time, because that is the rough timeframe where the price transition will occur between DDR1 and DDR2. To your point, there is not a huge incremental performance benefit to be had as a result of that transition, though there is some. We will be, along with the transition, introducing higher capability product as well that are kind of independent of the DRAM technology.
Ben Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse.
Michael Masdea: There were some comments earlier about the commercial market. To me it seems like that is a real important piece here of what you're doing there, and one way to kind of get around some of the tactics of Intel. Walk us through kind of how you get from A to B there. I know you talked a little bit about a Commercial Systems Channel, what do you guys have to do to actually execute and get these OEMs to actually build boxes in this commercial market based on AMD?
Henri Richard: This is Henri. First, as we pointed out in our last analyst meeting, there is a very sharp increase in the number platforms being made available by strategic OEMs in both clients and server. To give you a little color, and maybe do something we haven't done yet, which is give you more granularity on the segmentations of our business. I'm thinking some of the verticals out of the Forbes 500 list. We have asked customers, eight of the top 10 aerospace and defense companies in that list, 10 of the 12 top conglomerates, 18 of the 19 consumer durables companies in that list, 12 of the 14 drugs and biotechnologies in that list, 10 out of 12 the media groups in that list, 30 out of the 44 oil and gas operations in that list, 15 out of the 18 technology hardware and equipment in that list, and 22 out of the 29 telecommunication services companies in that list. That is the type of footprint that Hector is talking about. This is in a very short -- by enterprise standards -- 2.5 years at present. I believe that we will continue to gain steady lead across those segments. We're being very methodical and going down the list and looking at the verticals, putting the software stack and the hardware stack together to address the needs of our customers in collaborations with our key OEMs.
Michael Masdea: Those are pretty big numbers. Are we pretty early in those deployments at those various different verticals?
Henri Richard: Of course, of course. That is why we're fairly optimistic in our ability to continue to grow share.
Michael Masdea: Got it. Great. Then just a quick one on the depreciation side. The Fab 36, was there any change to the depreciation schedule for the equipment, or is this pretty in line with what you did for Fab 30?
Bob Rivet: No, I think I commented on that before. Fab 30 was a five-year depreciation schedule. Fab 36 is a six-year depreciation schedule. Based on all the data we looked at, it made more sense that that huge asset would have a longer life.
Michael Masdea: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong with A.G. Edwards.
David Wong: When you said that your ASPs increased, was that all mix related, or did your prices actually go up in some places, in particular in desktops? Can you give us an idea as to your list price changes? It looks like the desktop list price has in fact grown?
Henri Richard: Just to comment on the end of your question. We did a slight readjustment of our stack. We do this periodically, consulting with our customers and partners to make sure that we adapt the value proposition of our product to market conditions. With regards the early part of your question, as we indicated earlier, our ASP went up in the mobile segments and in the desktop segment. But I'm not going to give you more granularity than that.
David Wong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Osha with Merrill Lynch.
Joe Osha: Congratulations. The first question in terms of products. There has been some discussion, Hector, of maybe a more optimized notebook, mobile architecture as you guys begin to deploy 65 nanometer. Can you comment on that?
Hector Ruiz: We're going to do quite a bit of discussion of our technology and product plans at the June Analyst meeting. At this point we're not yet prepared to go into any more detail than that. But I will repeat what I have said to you before. It is important for us to win in mobile. We have plans, ideas to continue the growing trend that we demonstrated. As Henri pointed out, that we have in the last few quarters actually grown considerably in the mobile segment. And that I'm kind of hopeful that by the time June comes around for the Analyst Day, we will be able to be a little more explicit about our thinking.
Joe Osha: That's as specific as I can ask for. Bob, if I look, again the math that I'm doing suggests that there is about an incremental $75 million in depreciation in the first quarter from Fab 36. And as I work through this, it seems like that run rate should go to between 125 and 150 a quarter by the end of the year. Is that roughly correct?
Bob Rivet: I'm going to need to get back to you on that math, Joe. I don't have that granularity in front of me. It doesn't seem completely out of line.
Joe Osha: You can figure out that processors only was $100 million in Q4. It was $175 million in Q1. Then looking at the four year guidance and backing into it, it seems like you add maybe $50 million to that Fab 36 run rate. That is how I'm getting there.
Bob Rivet: Okay. That sounds reasonable.
Joe Osha: That sounds reasonable? Okay. Great. And then last question on the profit-sharing, you did at one point disclose about a $66 million other item a couple of quarters ago that you were kind enough to say was all sort of the profit-sharing and incentive bonus. Then you did say at that point that once the number was reset that that number would roughly be cut in half. Might I think about that sort of incremental benefit Q4 to Q1 being in the $30 million to $40 million range?
Bob Rivet: That is kind of high from that perspective. But, yes, as I am sure happens to you personally, your bogey gets reset every year --
Joe Osha: No, mine just goes down. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Stanley with JP Morgan.
Chris Stanley: Good quarter. Two quick questions. The first one is on inventory. It sounds like you're going to a pretty lean inventory here. Do you feel comfortable with that, or do you think that that will trend up throughout the year?
Hector Ruiz: We love lean inventory. As a matter of fact, we're so passionate about that that we just created a huge task force in the Company, frankly, to continue working to see how much better we could get. We love lean inventory.
Chris Stanley: Great. And with this 55 days, that could go even lower throughout the year?
Bob Rivet: Each quarter is dependent. As an example, and again, not losing the thought Hector had that we're going continue to push on this issue. But it is hard for me to imagine we wouldn't try to build inventory in third quarter in anticipation of fourth since there is such a huge growth rate from third to forth, and we want to be in a position to service all of the demand. We will work our way through it. Obviously we like to be lean as possible, but we will strategically build inventory in anticipation of stronger demand than the factories can handle in one given period.
Chris Stanley: Got it. That make sense. I guess, Hector, a philosophical question for you. It sounds like Intel, we have seen them do this before, where they can get a little bit crazy in terms of pricing. I guess if it comes down to it in the second half of the year, and they do get crazy again like they have in the past, will you choose to maintain market share and perhaps see the margins suffer, or would you choose to lose a little bit of market share and preserve margins?
Hector Ruiz: First of all, none of us can anticipate what the competition might or might not do. What we intend to do is we are very committed. The world has changed a lot for today, so let me first of all give some context to the answer I'm going to give you. Four years ago we had a very strong presence in the desktop consumer world. It was challenging, of course, to deal with the price and the strategy of the competitor in that space. When you look at it today, at our footprint which is server, a desktop, mobile across both consumer and commercial, and across a broad range of customers around the world, we feel we're in a position to continue to price to value. We believe we offer a tremendous value in our products. It is our current thinking to not deviate from that, and that is our plan.
Mike Haase: Operator, we're going to take two more questions please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lau with Jefferies & Co.
John Lau: Back onto the server question again. I was hoping you can give us a little more clarity. There has been a mix shift towards your dual-core chips on the server side. I think that you are shipping the final -- phasing out the single-core Opteron soon. Yet during Q1 your ASPs were down for the servers. I was wondering how that dynamic worked?
Henri Richard: First, we're not going to phase out our single-core processors as long as customers want them. It is true that we expect to exit the year with over 90% of the demand in the server space being dual-core. In fact there is some long-range embedded design that may require those type of processors. So that is the first point I wanted to clarify for you. Secondly, as Derrick pointed out, we have a strategy to increase the penetration of dual-core technology as fast as possible in certain segments of the server market. We repositioned our stack at the beginning of February in order to drive that strategy, and it worked out exactly the way we planned. And so the overall decline in ASP is first anticipated, and secondly, absolutely centered around our two key offerings.
John Lau: As a final note, with regard to some of the actions, there are a lot of questions in the marketplace. Have you seen any change in the PC demand dynamics as a result of some of the competitive actions with the marketplace?
Henri Richard: No, I really thing that there is a big question mark, which is the available elasticity. And I personally believe that actually pricing is not the right answer. The answer is to make products that customers want to buy.
John Lau: There wasn't any stall or anything that you can see as it related to the marketplace?
Henri Richard: The only stall that has been rumored in the market is the fact that there was an excess of inventory carryover from Q4 to Q1, mainly by our competitor in the mobile space.
John Lau: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Glen Yeung: I guess the first question may be for Henri. When you look at the second quarter and you think about the desktop and notebook space, should we expect the mix to continue to favor an ASP increase, i.e., do you find that your products continually move sort of upstream a little bit in terms of sophistication from the client perspective?
Henri Richard: That is a good question. We are seeing clearly that our dual-core offering is positioned as the premium offering today in the desktop space. I would like to remind you that we're going to launch our dual-core mobile offering in the quarter. We will expect of course a positive impact to our dual-core launch on the mobile space as well in terms of ASP. This being said, there's a lot of potential in the high-growth markets. In those markets there's a lot of demand for lower-priced products, and we don't intend to do not service demand of our customers. So that has a dampening factor. Overall the strength of our dual-core offering will continue to drive our premium brands. And I expect those brands to grow faster than the volume parts of our offering.
Glen Yeung: That is understood, thanks. And then with respect to AM2, should we expect to see a price increase when that product is introduced?
Bob Rivet: Absolutely not. That is not what our customers are asking for.
Glen Yeung: Fair enough. And then, Hector, this last question is for you. It may be a little difficult to answer, so any thoughts you can give around this would be helpful. It really focuses on brand equity that AMD has built up over the course of the last year, year-and-a-half, two years. When you think about the second half of this year, or for that matter any of the future quarters, if we make the assumption -- and whether this is true or not remains to be seen -- but if we make the assumption that Intel is in fact more competitive, to what extent does AMD gain share anyway? Because you built up some kind of brand equity, whether that is because your customers just want to have a competitive offering, or they enjoy working with you, or they find it less expensive to work with you -- whether or not Intel is more competitive. To what extent does AMD continue to gain share anyways?
Hector Ruiz: That is a great question. First of all, as Derrick pointed out, we expected, we had planned that our competitor would eventually have to follow and react to what we have done and get better. It will be interesting to see the things that we're going to do later, which will again continue to force them to react and figure out what else to do next. We don't intend to in any shape or form give any leeway in our leadership relative to product and technology. Having said that, you're right, in the last two or three years we have built up a very strong equity in the marketplace with customers. One of the things customers have learned in the last two or three years is the value of having a fair and open competition marketplace where they can choose their supplier based on a number of attributes. Product, being one of them, the other ones being service, the other ones being reliability, trustworthiness, etc. I believe that we have built a strong equity in that space. I believe that customers are delighted to see a new environment in which they can make choices. As a result of that, we place a lot of value on that, and we intend to exploit it. As a result of that in addition to our great products and technology, we expect to continue to gain share throughout the next several years.
Mike Haase: Thank you. On behalf of the management team, thank you too all for participating. We look forward to seeing you on June 1 here in California. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Advanced Micro Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-19 08:45:00) =====
Executives Mike Hasse, Director, IRHector Ruiz, Chairman, President, Chief Executive OfficerBob Rivet, Chief Financial OfficerHenri Richard, EVP Worldwide Sales and MarketingAnalysts: Michael Masdea, CSFBAdam Parker, Sanford BernsteinMark Edelstone, Morgan StanleyJoe Osha, Merrill LynchBen Lynch, Deutsche BankTim Luke, Lehman BrothersJoanne Feeney, Punk Ziegel & Co.Glen Yeung, CitigroupJim Covello, Goldman SachsChristopher Danely, JP MorganTom Thornhill, UBSKrishna Shankar, JMP SecuritiesMike McConnell, Pacific Crest SecuritiesMark Lipacis, PrudentialKevin Rottinghaus, FTN Midwest ResearchDavid Wong, A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the AMD's Q4 '05 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and the instructions will be given at that time. If you should require assistance during the call, please press ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Mike Hasse. Please go ahead, sir.Mike Hasse, Director, IR Thank you. And welcome to AMD's fourth quarter 2005 earnings year end conference call. Our participants today are Hector Ruiz, our Chairman of the Board, President, and CEO; Bob Rivet, our Chief Financial Officer; and Henri Richard, our Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing. This call is a live broadcast and will be replayed at amd.com and streetevents.com. The telephone replay number is 800-475-6701. Outside of the United States, the number is 320-365-3844. The access code for both is 808058. A telephone replay will be available for the next 10 business days starting at 7 p.m. Pacific Time tonight. In addition I would like to call your attention that our Q1 2006 earnings time will begin at the close of Friday, March 10.Before we begin today's call, I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements about Management's expectations. Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations as set forth in the forward-looking statements. Semi-conductor industry is generally volatile and market conditions are particularly difficult to forecast. Because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations today, I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail, our business and risk factors, setting forth information that would cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. You will find detailed discussions in our most recent SEC filings, including AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25th, 2004 and AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 25th, 2005. With that, I'll turn over to Hector Ruiz.Hector Ruiz, Chairman, President, CEO Thank you, Mike. Our fourth quarter results underscore the undeniable fact that the AMD growth engine is gathering momentum. The strong approach of our execution led the Company to records in total revenues, micro processor units and revenues across each of our server, mobile and desktop product lines, as well as micro processor gross margin and operating income. Our solid ASP improvement confirms the rise of AMD as a premium brand for both consumer and commercial customers alike. And our JV expansion successfully completed a public offering. Review to the timely capital infusion for that business and allow an AMD to bring increasing focus to the growth opportunity in front us. In our micro processor business, we experienced almost 80% year on year growth in what continues to be the largest quarter of the seasonal cycle. We continue our strong projectory in the enterprise for the superior performance for the characteristics of the AMD Opteron platform drive unprecedented opportunities for our customers and partners.In the fourth quarter, we were pleased to add AIG, Albertson's, Clear Channel, and Nissan Motor Company, among others to our expanded list of Global 2000 companies and their subsidiaries who have adopted AMD 64 technology. As of today, 90% of the top 100, and more than 45% of the top 500 companies on the force Global 2000 use AMD base solutions. We're thrilled to report that eBay is bolstering the search functionality on its site with hundreds of Sun's new AMD Opteron processor-based Sunfire x64 servers. EBay will combine the power and performance of the Solaris operating system running on AMD Opteron processors for better performance and energy efficiency.AMD's Opteron model 880 with true Dual Core technology continues to lead the industry in TPCC benchmark performance for 4P servers. Customer momentum in the commercial segment continued with the launch of the HP dx5150 clients and new blade server offerings from HP and Fujitsu Siemens. We're also pleased that Supermicro announced general availability of a broad wide range of AMD Opteron based server and motherboard blade solutions. Our mobile business continues to gain steam, reflected by all time record revenue in the quarter and continued growth in global demands for AMD's Turion 64 mobile processor platform. We are pleased to report over 100 platforms based on AMD's Turion 64 processors are either shipping or in development worldwide. AMD continues to show strong progress in key high growth markets, particularly China, one of our largest and fastest growing markets. We were honored to announce broader option of our platform by Tsinghua Tongfang China’s third largest PC maker.In addition, we licensed our low power AMD Geode GX2 processor to the esteemed Ministry of Science and Technology and to Peking University for use in developing new technologies to support primary education in rural China. Our AMD64 base products continue to earn industry recognition, receiving 20 more awards in the fourth quarter, including the Tech Innovator Award from VARBusiness, Gear of the Year recognition by Maximum PC and acknowledgement as one of the hot products of the year by EDN Magazine. Each of these awards was for our best-in-class AMD64 dual core technology, the only industry standard microprocessor family designed from the ground up for multi-core computing.On the manufacturing side, our Dresden team continues it excellent performance record, both in terms of the continued operation of our World Class FAB 30, as well as in ramping our new state of the art 300mm FAB 36, which more than doubles our capacity in the next 3 years. By all measures, the fourth quarter was outstanding, characterized by accelerating customer and end user adoption of our AMD64 platform micro-server mobile and desktop product lines, the successful public offering of our expansion business, flawless manufacturing execution in our FAB 30 and the grand opening of our new FAB 36 facility in Dresden, Germany, as well. Superb execution of our financial strategy, with a reduction of debt and the expansion of our cash balances. It was a spectacular end to a year of reinvention for AMD, providing once again a healthy foundation for continued growth and success in 2006. Now let me turn it over to Bob to review the results for the quarter, as well as the outlook.Bob Rivet, Chief Financial Officer Thanks, Hector. AMD had an excellent quarter including: Continuing market share gains in server, mobile and desktop markets; continued growing demand within the commercial sector for not only AMD-based server offerings, but for AMD based mobile and desk top offerings as well; improvements to the balance sheet, including a reduction in debt of $639 million, and year-end cash and short-term investment balances increasing to $1.8 billion and the successful IPO expansion which closed on December 21st. And financially, we reported another very strong operating quarter.Before I review the operating statement detail, let me mention that the completion of the Spansion Flash Memory IPO requires several changes to our reporting. So I want to take some time to help you understand both our reported results and the way model our business going forward. So in addition to our GAAP consolidated financials, I will also discuss non-GAAP results. For your convenience, we have included within our press release a new table which reconciles AMD going forward to the consolidated GAAP figures. I would like to take a few moments to walk you through this table labeled 1.6 in the press release. The first column shows our fourth quarter GAAP results including total consolidated sales, of $1.84 billion, up 45% from the fourth quarter of last year and up 21% compared to the third quarter of 2005. Net income was $96 million or $0.21 per share. This data includes 86 days of Spansion's results before the IPO, and also a non-cash charge of $110 million.The third column shows non-GAAP results, excluding the $110 million non-cash, loss on ownership dilution in Spansion, which results in an EPS of $0.45. Column 4 shows the impact of the Memory segment in Spansion on each line of AMD's financial statements, which totals a negative impact on net income of $39 million. The fifth column reclassifies the net impact of the $39 million from each line item to one line item. Excluding this line, the Company's operating results are presented in a forum that will be more consistent with the presentation of future results. Fourth quarter sales of $1.35 billion, a 34% increase compared to the third quarter of 2005 and a 78% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2004. Gross margin was 57%. SG&A was 18% of sales; R&D was 19% of sales. Operating income was $268 million. The Memory segment of Spansion on net income was a negative $39 million. Net income for the quarter is still 205 million or $0.45 per share. Switching to the business segment highlights, CPG sales were $1.31 billion, another new record, and a 79% increase over the same period a year ago.We also grow 35 percentage points for the third quarter of this year. Our strong micro processor sales indicate that we once again took share across the server, mobile and desktop product offerings, particularly in the performance segment, as indicated by our ASP growth. Unit sales in the quarter increased by 27% quarter-on-quarter, and we saw a 6% improvement in average selling price. Server, mobile, and desktop processor sales each grew significantly compared to the third quarter of 2005. Mobile processor sales growth was driven by increased shipments of AMD Turion 64 processors. Server and desktop sales growth were driven in particular by increased customer adoption of Dual Core AMD processors. Geographically, processor sales were especially strong in North America, Europe and Greater China; and distribution in consumer and commercial channels are reporting very lean AMD inventories worldwide.CPG's operating income of $287 million established another new record in the quarter, up again from the record levels of the third quarter of 2005. Included within CPG's results are the bonus and profit sharing accruals that had previously been included in the all other segment. With the deconsolidation of Spansion, we have reclassified and confirmed these expenses into the specific business segments that earned them, primarily CPG. Net income impact to the Memory segment and Spansion at AMD was a negative $39 million, as I mentioned. Again, Column 5 provides an outline of how AMD would have looked in the fourth quarter when you exclude the Memory segment results and all Spansion related charges.Going forward, you will see a line item called "Equity and Net Income of Subsidiary" below the "Interest, Income and Expense" lines reflecting our current 37.9% ownership in Spansion results.Turning to the balance sheet, the year end balance sheet reflects the deconsolidation of Spansion into the line item "Investment and Subsidiaries." Our cash balance was $1.8 billion up $452 million compared with the third quarter. This increase was due to cash flow from operations and loan pay offs from Spansion. Debt was reduced by $639 million compared with the third quarter. This includes the $201 million convertible debt conversion and approximately $440 million of Spansion debt moving off our balance sheet. AMD's debt to capital ratio finished the year at 28%, good progress toward our target of 20%.Fourth quarter capital expenditures, excluding the Memory business was 250 million -- $250 million for AMD. Inventory declined as a result of the Spansion IPO and a $61 million reduction in AMD processor's inventory. Now I would like to discuss the outlook. AMD's outlook statement for the first quarter and full year of 2006 are based on current expectations and do not include Spansion.The following statements are forward-looking, and actual results could differ materially depending on market conditions. AMD expects first quarter 2006 sales to be flat to down slightly compared to the 1.35 billion in the fourth quarter of 2005. If achieved, this would approach a 70% increase from -- from comparable sales in the first quarter of 2005. Operating expenses, which include R&D and SG&A will increase by approximately 6% compared with the $506 million in the fourth quarter of 2005.Stock option expense in the first quarter will be approximately $16 million at the current share price. And finally, a reminder, the line "Equity and Net Income of Subsidiary" should be modeled using our current Spansion ownership of 37.9% multiplied by your estimate of Spansion's quarterly net income going forward. For the full year 2006, you should be modeling capital expenditures of approximately $1.4 billion; depreciation and amortization will be approximately $825 million; the tax rate within a 10 to 15% range; and I also wanted to call your attention that we will have an extra week in our fiscal 2006, which we will take in the second quarter of this year. In summary, 2005 was a very good year. We made significant strides in taking market share, improving our operating results and strengthening the balance sheet. We believe that we are very well positioned for 2006. And with that, I'll hand it back to Hector.Hector Ruiz, Chairman, President, CEO Thank you, Bob. We began 2006 with more momentum and higher quality momentum than at any other time in our history. Revenue is not just growing, it is accelerating. Platform adoption has never been stronger particularly among the world's most respected OEMs and industry partners. Our marketing capabilities are now recognized as world class and our global footprint is getting stronger every day. The industry is helping. Customers and partners that have elected to partner with AMD are seeing the opportunities that come from providing the freedom of choice to their customers. We have seized the mantle of the technology leadership in our industry and are continuing to distance ourselves from the competition. In our world class Dresden operation, the new ramp of our new FAB 36 is going extremely well.Production started late last year; yields are outstanding and beginning to approach the 530 levels. Production shipments are expected to begin before the end of this quarter. We are methodically marching toward the substantial expansion of our capacity in preparation for a significant sustainable increase in worldwide market share. We have not peaked; this is just another stage in our climb to greatness. We are poised and ready to gain even more share. And consistent with the revenue and profitable growth engine that we have become; we have positioned ourselves to grow at least at twice the rate of the industry. Once again I want to thank each and every AMD employee for remaining major focused on the task of creating the world's most innovative semiconductor products and technologies. We remain highly motivated by the prospects of helping to create a marketplace that is better for our customers, partners and end users worldwide, and we are very encouraged that our industry is showing a strong desire to break free from the artificial competitive barriers that have constrained all of us to date. Thank you. And I would like now to turn it over to Mike Haase for the Question & Answer session.Mike Hasse, Director, IR Thanks, Hector. Operator we will begin the Q&A forum please.Question and Answers Operator And ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star then 1 on your touchtone phone. You are hear a tone indicating you've been placed in the queue. You may remove yourself from queue by pressing the pound key. And if you are using a speakerphone, please pick up the handset before pressing the numbers. Once again, if you have a question, please press star then 1 at this time. And our first question is from the line of Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.Q - Michael Masdea Yes, thanks a lot. I've just done the math; I'm trying to get a handle on how much market share you put in the quarter. Any estimates from your end? It looks like it's a lot more than your competitor might have thought?A - Hector Ruiz Well, we have the numbers. A year ago, we had 9.6%; a quarter ago, we had 11.9%, and it looks like we had 15.3%.Q - Michael Masdea Great and then given the concerns about the liquid demands from your customers, your competitors, any concerns that you might have gotten spill over demand which is not going to sustain into the new year based on your familiarity with your design?A - Hector Ruiz Can you repeat that question, Mike?Q - Michael Masdea Yes. At the end of the year, obviously there are some cancellations from your competitor. They talked about some chipset shortages. Do you think there's any chance you got some incremental demand are because of those shortages that might not be there in the coming quarters?A - Bob Rivet Mike, our customers have to plan their production weeks and weeks ahead. You know, you don't turn things like this on the dime. Our designs are different. Our products are differentiated. There's no doubt that there seems to be production struggles with our competitor; but again, I don't think it affected our quarter.Q - Michael Masdea Great. Last question, just on the ASP side, obviously, it's pretty clear you get instance in the service side, but on the desktop and mobile side you seem to be on par in like for like offerings with Intel. Is it just a mix issue? And how do you continue to move up that mix?A - Hector Ruiz Well, we're continuing to improve our mix, obviously. Our server business is the fastest growing part of our business; our mobile business, the second growing part, but we also grew our desktop business very significantly, and our ASP increase is both the combination of a better mix, but also some ASP improvement in certain segments. And I won't give you more granularity than that.Q - Michael Masdea That’s fine thanks a lot guys.Operator And our next question is from the line of Adam Parker with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.Q - Sanford Bernstein Hey, just a couple of questions related to, you know, market share over the next year. I'm sure you listened to Intel's conference call last night, where they pretty confidently stated that they're going to gain some share back and I think cited performance provide cost and some reasons for that. So have you noticed signs of Intel getting more aggressive at all in pricing; your pricing is going up. Would it have gone up more without some action from them? That's the first part of the question, and then the second would be, you know, just can you give us more color on your processor road map in '07 so that we can get a bit more look into how we should think about your competitiveness in the major product areas next year?A - Hector Ruiz Well, Adam, let my try to answer part of the question, and when I finish Henri can do some of the other piece. First of all, the market continues to be, as it always has been, very competitive. Anyone that thinks that pricing competition doesn't exist, you know, is dreaming. It is very competitive, but as some of you analysts have already concluded that we are very competitive in cost, and therefore, for us it's the cost issue not the one that drives us. The second part is we're dealing with a much complex and broader range than we've ever had in the history of the microprocessor industry. So on one end you have the very high performance, high volume, feature-rich products in the server space, in the gaming space, etc., where, you know, frankly people want those features. They want that performance and they are looking for that particular thing in those products. It's not an issue of pricing. As a matter of fact, we know for a fact in some cases where some customers have turned down practically in pricing products because they don't need them. They really want the performance, the features, etc. that we are offering. On the other hand when you go back to the other extreme, when you get to the value platform from the very low end of this space, which is more commoditized, the pricings are low enough, currently there's very little room for price improvement. So I think we're dealing with a scenario where, as I stated before on previous calls, you know, it's a demand for our products that is driving what we see as the healthy outlook for us going forward. As far as what we'll do in 2006 and beyond, we stated in our previous analyst meetings, that we have a business model that we believe that in the 2008 or 9 timeframe we should aim to achieve 25 to 30% of the market. We still have that as our goal and as a business model, and we believe we're steadily making progress, quarter by quarter by quarter. From intents of giving you any more granularity than that, that's about as best do, and can tell you. On our products road map, before I turn it over to Henri for any additional comments, I would just like to say that we rely heavily on the input of our customers. Our customers tell us whether the road maps we have are appropriate for them, and we're getting very strong inputs and strong encouragement, that if we stay in our road maps and execute in 2006, we have an excellent outlook to continue to grow and gain share as we did in 2005.Q - Sanford Bernstein Okay, you know, if you get, as you know, work toward achieving this goal, 25, 30% share, can the third party sort of chipset vendors produce enough to accompany that magnitude of volume three or four years from now or is there going to some increasing demand on you to produce more chipsets internally?A - Hector Ruiz You know, we are open to any idea; first of all, we must do everything we can to meet the needs of our customers and that is in terms of value, performance, cost, etc. But what drives us is total cost of ownership, and in doing so we are working very closely with partners worldwide to make sure we're as intimately linked in our planning and anticipation of these challenges going forward, and I think the fourth quarter is a good example of a job that we do reasonably well. We had a very stronger quarter, a stronger quarter than probably most people anticipated, and in fact they are a little healthier than we expected. And we were able to manage with our partners to meet the needs and demands of our customers. That process will continue. We intend to get better at it and yes, it's a challenge. We're doing well; we're not planning on that being a stumbling block.Q - Sanford Bernstein Okay, so there's no need to think more about that as you bring on a lot of capacity as a way to sort of fill up extra capacity down the line, or that's just beyond your current thinking?A - Hector Ruiz Not right now.Q - Sanford Bernstein Okay Great thank you Operator And our next question is from the line of Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.Q - Mark Edelstone Good afternoon, first of all congratulation for the team on this phenomenal job, I guess I had a couple of questions, one, Bob you gave depreciation for the year. Can you provide guidance for Q1 depreciation and ramp that how it ramps as you go through the year at this point?A - Bob Rivet It's fairly linear spread. I'd say probably, you know, I'll call it maybe 10% more in the first half of the year than the second half of the year, but not a lot of difference, Mark. We have got it between the roll off and the roll on. There's not a lot of change in that number.Q - Mark Edelstone Okay, great. And then obviously your mix is continuing to richen. Can you give us a sense as you look at your gross margin you had in the quarter of 57%; as you bring in that incremental depreciation and as yet as your continues to gets richer; what's your sense of how gross margins trend as you go through the year?A - Bob Rivet Well, as I stated before, you know, there's more of a challenge in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year, I'll call it have a lot of capacity and capability; but obviously we have to ramp into it. Depreciation comes on by tool, not by wafer start. And so we'll have a little bit of challenge in the first half of the year, less in the second half of the year; but we think, as you said, the ASP can offset that issue as we continue to improve our ASP quarter-on-quarter as we've demonstrated for many, many quarters in a row. But I would say the challenge is more upfront right now in the first quarter as we're just starting to see output from that facility.Q - Mark Edelstone Okay, very good. And just as one housekeeping item, I just wanted to make sure I understood the moving parts in the P&L, if I look at Spansion's results versus what you reported on a consolidated basis through the 20th, is my math correct that basically they did 104 million of revenue in the last 5 days of the quarter?A - Bob Rivet Yes, you got your math right.Q - Mark Edelstone Okay, very good. And then just lastly, maybe for Hector, as you are ramping up FAB 36, and sounds great that things are going well there, when is your sort of expectation as to seen we can see wafer starts on a basis at FAB 36 cross over that of FAB 30?A - Hector Ruiz Mark, you know, I haven't done the math. I would be glad to step back and think about it and give you an answer, but off the top of my head, I don't have that math in front of me.Q - Mark Edelstone Okay. Great. I'll come back to you. Thanks a lot guys.A - Hector Ruiz Thank youOperator And our next question is from the line of Joseph Osha with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead Q - Joseph Osha Hi, congratulations, guys. I don't think I've ever seen competitive momentum shift like this, so congratulations. Two questions, one just following up on what Mark said, you shouldn't be recognizing Spansion revenue on your P&L dollar-for-dollar the same as Spansion recognizes it, right? Because of the way the selling concession works. Is that true?A - Bob Rivet You know, historically, it was exactly the same. I mean if their quarter and our quarter were exactly and we owned them for the whole quarter, there was no difference between the two.Q - Joseph Osha Okay, but on a go-forward basis?A - Bob Rivet On a go-forward basis, we will not report any sales, just our portion of the net income.A - Hector Ruiz But as I, under the previous arrangement, they were reselling, they were selling Flash to you, and then you would resell it at….A - Henri Richard There was no commission there. We moved the sales force. That happens early on in the process, but as through most of '05 we actually moved the compete sales force into Spansion so that discounting, what it was paying for went away.Q - Joseph Osha Okay, so it’s just as simple calculation, right?.A - Bob Rivet That’s right.Q - Joseph Osha Okay. Thank you. And then the second thing, particularly looking at your mobile products, I was wondering if I can get a bit of a sense as to how that road map plays out in '06, and particularly when 65 nanometer products hit.A - Hector Ruiz As you know, we have an introduction of our Dual Core in the mobile space in conjunction with the move to our platform to DDR 2. This will happen in the middle of the year.Q - Joseph Osha Does that occur….A - Hector Ruiz There is no change.Q - Joseph Osha Does that occur on 65 nanometer or 90?A - Hector Ruiz It’s going to be 90 nanometer first.Q - Joseph Osha Okay. Useful, and Bob, is there any way you could be persuaded with some kind of data around those gross margin comments?A - Bob Rivet No.Q - Joseph Osha Congratulations.A - Hector Ruiz Thank youOperator And our next question comes is from the line of Ben Lynch with Deustche Bank. Please go ahead.Q - Ben Lynch Thank you for tearing up the end demand versus market share question that Intel brought up last night. Clearly, you know, phenomenon market momentum in Q4, again. I hear you are getting 5 percentage points, so are you able to comment on whether without naming specific names, there were particular customers where you had very significant increases in your penetration in Q4 versus Q3?A - Hector Ruiz Ben, across the board our customers are increasingly showing interest in your products, even if there was one customer that was very strong, we couldn't give you that.Q - Ben Lynch Okay. Other question I wanted to ask, maybe for Bob, given your success, you know, are eating up those NOLs very quickly, it is that at what point now do you think you'll revert more to sort of 30% or so tax rate, please?A - Bob Rivet Well it, you know, no surprise, we continue to chew those up as we continue to knock down very healthy profit levels. As I've indicated, the tax rate will be sub 30% in the 10 to 15 range next year, this year, I'm sorry, in 2006. 2007 obviously, based on our expectations, will start getting; we'll have to move it up again. Maybe with a little luck even this year. But to me it's '07 is when we'll start popping above the 15% level.Q - Ben Lynch Okay, great. And maybe the last question, you guys had sort of indicated even at the end of Q2 that you weren't necessarily swimming in capacity, so it was just something that you were keeping an eye on; and yet you had these two, you know, huge quarters. What have you been able to, given that that the industry has been tightening up, been able to do just to, you know, to make that not be an issue?A - Hector Ruiz Well, there are a number of things going, we have a phenomenon organization in manufacturing that continues to look for ways to be more productive, and you know, we have been able to increase productivity in our factory, frankly to an incredible level, the factory is just running incredibly well. We have been able to also squeeze more; move an area out of the factories by doing more very creative, clever arrangement of the equipment, etc. Probably the transition will complete, completion of the transition to 90 nanometer was very helpful, and the yields are high. The yields remain at phenomenal levels. And as I've stated before, all of the leading industries that are benchmarked by some of them continue to show that our manufacturing is world class. A think of lot of that has allowed to have continued plan increase in unit capability. Going forward, our plans continue of course to emphasize capacity, productivity, etc; but in addition to that, this year, we have the addition of FAB 36, which is very significant, and the beginning of our foundry, which will start producing product in the second half of the year or revenue; and that will also contribute to our capacity.Q- Ben Lynch Thank you very much, well.Operator And our next question is from the line of Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.Q - Tim Luke Thanks, and again, congrats on the quarter. I was wondering if you could just, Henri, if maybe you could remind us of what the increases in capacity are now targeted to be through the year, and as you bring on Fab 36, and to what extent you are seeing visibility in terms of your order flow to fill that capacity.A - Hector Ruiz First, you know, let me make some comments in general about silicon, and Henri can comment about demand. We are ramping Fab 36 as rapidly as we can. In addition to that, we are bringing on board the capability of our foundry for the second half of the year. Those things will complete. In terms of the contribution they make, the Fab 36 will meet full capacity sometime in the 2008 time frame, and we believe that in the current mix, remember one of the things we have to deal with, the mix changes. Someday we'll be building hard core and that will have an impact on units. But again in today's mix, I can see our unit capability being able to grow, you know, 40% up this year. And continue to go up, so that when we get to the 2008 time frame, we're talking about a 100 million-unit capability for us. So you kind of grow line in between them to be perfect with function of mix and demand. But those are our plans.Q - Tim Luke And it sounds that as you broaden out your region to customers, that your visibility of fulfilling that 40% unit is improving, or how can you shake that?A - Hector Ruiz Tim, there's two factors that influence our visibility into the business. First, we're increasingly deriving a larger portion of our revenue from Q1 OEM. We continue to have a very strong channel organization, but ours represents a larger portion of our revenue. Secondly, our commercial business is growing very quickly, and we have a pipeline in place that allows us to know not only what we're going to do next quarter, but also further down the year. So the additional visibility that these two items give us is obviously helping us have a much better grip on what the business looks like.Q - Tim Luke If I could just ask one thing for Bob, and that was just to clarify, on the bonus payments, it seems that they would have been fairly significant going into the fourth quarter, and perhaps less significant in a way in '06, given the planning that you have.A - Hector Ruiz Yes, I mean I'll get in personal with you. I'm sure every year your bonus targets get reset. We're no different than anybody. Clearly this year we believe, and I think we're demonstrating based upon what's happened throughout the year and in the fourth quarter in particular, the team did an outstanding job, and they deserve to be rewarded. But of course, the bogies get reset as we start '06.Q - Tim Luke What is the rough estimate of what that would have been?A - Hector Ruiz We don’t give that kind of color.Q - Tim Luke Thank you very much guys. Great quarter.A - Hector Ruiz Sure. Thank you.Operator And our next question is from the line of Glen Yeung representing Citygroup Investment Research.Q - Glen Yeung Thanks. If we were to look into the first quarter of the year, I wonder if you can give us a sense of, or maybe rank is a better way to think about it, where you think the opportunities are greatest, in service, desktop or notebook? And then maybe the same question for 2006.A - Hector Ruiz Well, clearly the server business is going continue to be our engine of growth. We have a lot of opportunities there. I'm not going elaborate on what our market share might be. We have to wait for Mercury Research and other analysts to give us their view but it's clear we have gained significant share in this fourth quarter and I think the momentum and as we've told you many times before, there's an underestimation in the market of the momentum of the Opteron platform and its adoption in Fortune 500 companies. And bear in mind that as we told you at the analyst meeting, we are going increase the number of platforms in the marketplace and broadening the spectrum of solutions based on the Opteron platform. So I think that's going continue to grow very quickly for us. Mobile, obviously is doing extremely well. That's driven by the fact that the market is growing; but also I think that increasingly customers are looking for differentiation and Turion 64 platforms provide that to them. But interestingly, we're also doing extremely well in desktop; and in particular; in the mainstream and high performance segment of it; where; you know, the supremacy of our Dual Core technology is clear and where the demand for the Athlon 64 X2 and the Athlon 64 FX continues to surprise us on the positive side. So for Q1, obviously across all of the segments, we are very positive. On the overall, year we still have an enormous opportunity on tap in my of the high-growth markets of the world. You know, we've have made great progress in China; but there's a lot of other places where we have plans to execute, and I feel that we have the right product mix and people in place to go and seize those opportunities. So I would say first quarter it's pretty much more of the same; for the rest of the year, expect to see us continue to show great progress in commercial and in high-growth markets.Q - Glen Yeung Okay. And I could, if you were sort of isolating your thoughts to the emerging markets, I wonder if you can give us a sense of the trends that you are seeing there in terms of emerging market mix; because, for example, in handsets, which is obviously, we're starting to see a lot more higher end models get adopted in emerging markets, you know, recently. I'm wondering if that's something we can also see in PC market.A - Hector Ruiz Well, actually, you know, that's really a very complex question, because the answer is emerging markets is unfortunately is not in homogeneous stream, it's very, very different. And an example that I can speak to that is very clear and obvious, is when you look at the emerging market growth in Latin America, as an example, and in Mexico, it's heavily influenced by global players, tier one customers who are very strongly present there. In Brazil, I mean, there are a lot of local players who are very strong also, and they're in where people refer to. So it's a very two different scenarios playing there. And then you have India, where frankly at this point in time, some of the strongest driving forces in India tend to be consumer oriented. So it's a country with a very strong appetite for the consumption of content for consumers, and there you're looking at a very different picture. The good news is that we see, when you add up all of those markets, you see a very healthy demand across a very broad spectrum of products which we offer. So we've very, feel very bullish about our ability to be able to serve those markets. So I think there are, but let me ask Henri to add something to that.A - Henri Richard I won't give you the region, but just to give you a vantage point, our largest improvement in AFC in percent was in one of the high-growth markets in the world; so there a clearly a lot of opportunities for AMD in the mainstream in the high performance segments in these markets. It so happens that in the past year, our marketing was our focus at those segments; also our lower-end products were sold in those markets, but we're finding great success in the positioning of our new Turion, Athlon 64 and Opteron brands.Q - Glen Yeung Very interesting. Just one last question, which is, you know, obviously you have Dual Core entering the market and the demand is starting to build. Maybe what your sense is as to how you view Dual Core versus Single Core and the relative level of interest that you are seeing in Dual Core chips.A - Hector Ruiz Well, clearly in server, you know, Dual Core is rapidly gaining traction and we expect that conversion to be almost complete by the end of 2006. In the science space, it's a little bit different. As we had a question a couple of calls ago where, you know, I made the point that it's really a software issue. It's not that people aren't interested in Dual Core, you are correct, there's a lot of growth in that space for us, but I think as applications come to the market and take advantage of the technology, then that will drive faster adoption than what we're seeing right now. Now, we have, you know, we happen to have both very high performance Single and Dual Core processors, and so our view may be skewed by the fact that we have the superior technology.Q - Glen Yeung Thank you.Operator Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Joann Feeney with Punk Ziegel & Company. Please go ahead.Q - Joanne Feeney Good afternoon folks, and congratulations again. I just have a brief question, the growth that you project for 2006, you're saying you expect it to be at twice the interest rate. Now, clearly the achievements you've had in the second half of '05 would carry you well beyond those rates if you just kept that level of sales flat, so clearly you are looking at a projection based on your levels in the second half of '05. Is that a good place to start?A - Hector Ruiz Well, I think-- let's just be pretty open and transparent here. I think in a competitive space that is as strong as ours, where you have been incredibly, you know, brutal and monopolistic competitor versus one that's creative and innovative serving customer's needs, and to the market, I think that's pretty aggressive. And if we, you know, our intent is to work our buns off to beat those numbers; but I think for us to do anything more than that, frankly, I don't think makes any sense.Q - Joanne Feeney And then on the manufacturing side, do you have a yield timetable for FAS 36 that you can talk about?A - Hector Ruiz Yield timetable? Can you help me?Q - Joanne Feeney In terms of the ramp-up over the course of '06. You know, you said you expect to increase yield pretty rapidly. I'm just wondering what levels you'll start at and how quickly you'll get to maximum yields.A - Hector Ruiz I think, if I understand the question right, let me just back up a little bit, when we moved from 250 nanometers to 180, it look us a certain amount of time to reach maturity in yields. Then when we went from 180 to 130, we were able to cut that in about half of that same time. Then when we went to 130 to 190, the time that it took to get there was significantly shorter. And our goal now as we go from 90 to 65, frankly, by the time we start shipping product we would like to be at mature yields. So that's almost like saying zero time. I know it's aggressive, and where I think our manufacturing team feels up to the challenge of stretching for such an aggressive ball.Q - Joanne Feeney Okay, great. Thanks very much.Operator Thank you. And our next question ask from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.Q - Jim Covello Thanks so much, and congratulations on the terrific execution again. I apologize for spending more time on such a basic issue, but I just want to make sure I understand this. You are talking about going double the market rate, and the number off of which you to grow double the market is that 3.9 billion that you break out which is the subtotal excluding the Memory segments?A - Bob Rivet I think that whatever the number is for our business without the Memory segment, that is the basis of which we will grow at twice the market or better.Q - Jim Covello Okay, so if I just work through that and I say roughly 3.9 billion, and if we assume PC markets grow 10, just assume ASPs are flat for now, that's 20% growth that would get do you about $4.7 billion. But you're already at 1.35, or if it's down a little bit in the first quarter as per your guidance, $1.3 billion. So what am I missing about the sequential expectations as we go throughout the year, then?A - Hector Ruiz I think it's very simple. And I think we intend, you know, underpromise and overperform. And you know, at this point in time we're confident and have a high confidence level that we will deliver at least to twice the market rate.Q - Jim Covello Okay. And then final question for me is, if you look at your ASPs which are going higher, because of your excellent execution and product offering, and your competitor's ASPs, which are going lower, as the gap closes between your ASPs and their ASPs, what kind of impact do you have that has from a competitive standpoint in the marketplace?A - Hector Ruiz I go back to the point that we made earlier, is I think that we, it is a very competitive place. Our mix is improving, but the ASPs continue to go down with time because that's the nature of the beast. It is important to highlight that as we put pressure on the market, so that there is perhaps an operation of ASPs converging, I think the only people, the people that win are the customers, and the end user. And I think that will be healthy. I think healthy for everybody. Certainly healthy for us for sure.Q - Jim Covello Thank you very much.Operator Thank you, and our next question is from the line of Chris Danely representing J.P. Morgan.Q - Christopher Danely Thanks, guys. Most of my questions have been answered, just a few quickies. Can you give us CapEx guidance for '06?A - Bob Rivet I guess I'm not prepared to do that. I mean, to me, we'll do this quarter at a time. To me, to some degree, we need to talk with based on the revenue expectation that takes place. So right now, I'm only prepared to give you first quarter guidance.Q - Christopher Danely I guess to put it another way, can we assume just a normal sequential wrap, nothing different in there? Unexpected, I guess?A - Bob Rivet No. I mean, nothing unexpected. I mean, we will continue to increase our design, our engineering capabilities so that we can increase the number, our architecture for the future, the number of platforms, et cetera, et cetera. We will continue to make the appropriate investments in marketing to have the appropriate teams around the world to execute and acquire more customers. So, you know, to me we will continue, we like being in the lead, and we're going to continue to maintain the lead and invest appropriate.Q - Christopher Danely That's fine, and then can you give us a sense of what the rough mix was between server, desktop and laptop in Q4?A - Bob Rivet No, we think we've been going very good down that way. The only thing I can server led the growth, followed by mobile, followed by desktop.Q - Christopher Danely Great, and last question, obviously you're capacity constrained. When do you think you guys will be able to catch up the demand and get a little more comfortable?A - Hector Ruiz First of all, we haven't said that we're capacity constrained and we don't believe we are. We think we are planning very tightly with our customers, and we're executing well. That's why you see our inventories being fairly lean, but we're executing. We did not have affect any customer during in the quarter. And we don't plan to in 2006. So we're balancing things reasonably well.Q - Christopher Danely Great. Thanks.Operator And our next question is from the line of Tom Thornhill with UBS. Please go ahead.Q - Tom Thornhill At the analyst meeting, you gave some targets for gross margin, R&D, and G&A for AMD prime. Given the outstanding performance in the quarter just finished, and congratulations on that are there any adjustments that you would want to make to some of the ranges on the line items?A - Bob Rivet No. To me, you know, we put a lot of thought in that modeling, and our expectations. So to me we'll continue to try to execute to those ranges. So I would say no. There's no update.Q - Tom Thornhill Okay, so the gross margins, the range you had given there was 51, 57, and you achieved that in the fourth quarter, but you still think that's the appropriate range for the out year?A - Bob Rivet Yes. I mean, just to remind you of Fab 36, this giant facility starts production right now. So that's a large depreciation bill that needs to be absorbed to get cost to match output and revenue and cost to match; so to me it still is appropriate at this point in time that we will continue to, hopefully, you know, beat the numbers. But that's a decent range to live in.Q - Tom Thornhill Okay, so the depreciation number that you gave was what, 825, right?A - Bob Rivet For the year, that's right.Q - Tom Thornhill For the year, and that's up 150 million?A - Bob Rivet That's right. That's right.Q - Tom Thornhill Very good. Others, also, you have reduced some debt recently, which I would imagine will effect the interest expense line. Can you give some guidance on what you expect to see, what we should be looking for interest income and interest expense as we go through the year?A - Bob Rivet No, I think you can model it off of our balance sheet, you know, what's going to happen from there. And obviously, I will deploy excess cash to reduce debt on a continuous basis to focus in on the 20% debt to capital ratio.Q - Tom Thornhill Okay. The options expense, can you give us some idea of the break down to COGS, R&D and SG&A, as it will go into the income statement?A - Bob Rivet I'm not prepared to do that right now.Q - Tom Thornhill Okay. We'll follow up offline on that. Thank you.Operator Thank you, and our next question from the line of Krishna Shankar with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.Q - Krishna Shankar Yes, congratulations on excellent results. Does ASPs increase in all three segments, in desktop, mobile, and dual core, and can you give us some sense of the magnitude of the ASP within each of the three segments?A - Hector Ruiz Yes, that's a little bit too much granularity. They were either stable or increased in every one of the segments, and I'm not going to give more than that.Q - Krishna Shankar Okay, and Bob, can you just highlight the stock composition expense here again for Q1? I missed that.A - Bob Rivet Right now, obviously it's very dependent on stock price, but right now I would guess based on the current trading level of the stock, around 16 million for the quarter.Q - Krishna Shankar Okay. Thank you.Operator Thank you for your question, and we'll go next to the line of Mike McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.Q - Mike McConnell Thank you. I wanted to dig a little bit into the server space. Obviously, you've had a lot of success in the architectural front. I wanted to ask a couple of questions the interconnect, with Intel pushing out the cost common system interconnect, was curious what you're going to be doing with HyperTransport this year. You know, there has been some talk about a potential licensing deal. Is there something we should also think about this year that could help you further some drive market share gains on the server side?A - Hector Ruiz It is our desire on HyperTransport to continue to make it as open as possible, and make it independent in the industry, as it had been adopted by a number of folks. It continues to move in terms of improving the technology. You know, by next year, we'll be implementing HyperTransport 3, which is a third generation of product. It is, you know, an integral part of our road map and architecture, and will continue to get better. And as I said before, we have done a fairly open licensing approach to it and we'll continue to do so.Q - Mike McConnell Okay. Thank you.Operator Thank you. And our next question from the line of Mark Lipacis with Prudential. Please go ahead.Q - Mark Lipacis Great, thanks for taking my question. First on the pricing, I understand that you said it was, it's always competitive. Did you say that Intel was being more aggressive than normal, or kind of, in your opinion, kind of in track with normal competitive pricing?A - Hector Ruiz I was referring to normal, which it is very competitive.Q - Mark Lipacis Okay. And last question, you mentioned that the 65 nanometer yields were excellent. Can you help us understand what would potentially motivate a faster ramp of production silicon there? Is it just simply the yields getter better than you expected, or are there other constraints that lock it down to the original schedule that I think you have been articulating?A - Hector Ruiz May be let me just correct a perception. The ramp of FAB 36 is beginning at 90 nanometers, and will transition to 65 sometime towards the latter part of the year. The yields that I referred to as already approaching maturity were based on the 90 nanometers beginning of the ramp. Our 65-nanometer data, which is already coming out, looks very encouraging. Matter of fact, we have already microprocessor products build on 65 nanometer that are really looking as planned. Excellent at this point in time, and are confident that our ramp beginning the second half of the year will go well. It continues to get stronger and stronger. And what motivates the change from one node to the other, frankly, is that we able to meet our customer needs and demands are better as, and how rapidly we can make that transition. We focus really on features, performance, value that it brings to customer; and of course, cost is important and that also takes part of the equation. But at the top of the list, what is it that our customers want and need from us relative to the product.Q - Mark Lipacis Okay, that's helpful, thank you very much.Mike Haase, Director, IR Operator, we'll take two more questions, please.Operator Thank you, and our next question from the line of Kevin Rottinghaus with Midwest Research. Please go ahead.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus Thank you. Hoping you can review a couple of things I might have missed. First off, on the OpEx guidance for the first quarter, can you just repeat what you said earlier?A - Bob Rivet 6% growth.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus And that was…A - Bob Rivet From the 506 level, which is the last column on schedule 1.6 that we showed in the earnings release. So the recash number to exclude Spansion.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus And is that primarily the ramp of, the new Fab, just basically engineering wafers, or where does that come from?A - Bob Rivet It's a combination of many things, but Fab 36 is probably the most dominant of all of them.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus Okay, and then could you repeat again, what you said earlier on inventories out in the channel and on your balance sheet as well?A - Bob Rivet First, I'll start with on our balance sheet. We depleted inventories in the fourth quarter. So you know, I'll call it very good manufacturing execution, and inventories actually went down; and we believe based on all of our checks, whether it's OEM or distributors, our channels are very tight and lean in the channels.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus Okay. And that would obviously include the PC OEMs as well?A - Bob Rivet That's right.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus And lastly, any other granularity that you could give us, on the progress that you are making in corporate on the PC side, not on the server side, but on the corporate PC side?A - Hector Ruiz Well, you know if you, we always said our strategy was to penetrate the enterprise through a strong server offering, and we have delivered on that promise in 2005. Towards the end of the year, you saw some of our partners introducing client offerings for the enterprise. And you know, part of the positive upside in this fourth quarter was the result of acceleration to the penetration of our product offerings in Fortune 500 companies, but I'm not going to give you more detail than that. It's just, as we indicated at our Analyst Meeting, this is the focus of 2006, winning in the commercial space with clients.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus Is that really just what it takes, getting more corporate SKUs out there, or?A - Hector Ruiz Absolutely. I've always been a believer that it's a matter of choice. The freedom of choice is what we need to be able to have our technology adopted by more customers around the world.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus And the targets are still doubling the number of SKUs for corporate this year?A - Hector Ruiz That's correct.Q - Kevin Rottinghaus Okay. Thank you.Operator Thank you. And our last question is going to be from the line of David Wong, representing A.G. Edwards. Please go ahead with your question.Q - David Wong Great, thank you very much. Could you give us some idea of what percentage of your microprocessor, would there still be some of the FABs by the end of 2006?A - Hector Ruiz By the end of '06?Q - David Wong Yes.A - Hector Ruiz I would say somewhere in the 50 to 60% more or less.A - Bob Rivet That's an exit rate.A - Hector Ruiz Exit rate, yes.Q - David Wong Yes. Okay. Thank you very much.Mike Haase, Director, IR Great. Well, that concludes the call. And thank you very much for participating.Operator Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. I'd like to thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.
