===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2025 earnings call. My name is Desiree, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Stephanie Rabe. Stephanie, you may begin.
Stephanie Rabe: On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website at www.ir.ameriprise.com. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our first quarter 2025 earnings release, our 2024 annual report to shareholders and our 2024 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our first quarter earnings call. Overall, Ameriprise had a good start to the year. We're actively engaging our clients and delivering strong financial performance with contributions from across the business. I know that the current operating environment is top of mind for everyone. Clearly, we've seen elevated and ongoing market volatility due to lack of clarity around the tariffs and general economic uncertainty. And we heard from Fed Chair Powell last week that the Fed is still trying to navigate what it all means for the economy, inflation and interest rates. With that in mind, Ameriprise remains very well positioned. We know that we can navigate what's ahead because of our diversified business, strong client value proposition and excellent record for managing economic uncertainty and market volatility. Our financial strength is another important differentiator. With the business growth and positive markets overall in the quarter, assets under management, administration, and grew nicely to $1.5 trillion. Our first quarter adjusted operating results were also good. Total revenues increased 5% from a positive asset growth and flows and higher transactional activity. Earnings were up 8% from strong business growth and our ongoing expense discipline with EPS up 13%. And our return on equity ex AOCI remains best in class at 52%. In terms of the business highlights, in wealth management, our advice value proposition and the way we engage clients is very effective in helping them remain on track to achieve their goals and feel confident, even more so during increased dislocation. Our clients have been strongly engaged in the quarter with assets up 7% to $1 trillion. We also had good inflows of $10.3 billion across our platform. Money has gone to work in a number of product categories. Wrap activity was strong. Flows grew 34% to $8.7 billion, representing a 6% annualized flow rate in the quarter. And total wrap assets grew to $573 billion, up 10%. Transactional activity was also robust, up 6% year over year, particularly in retail brokerage and financial planning. And client cash levels remain high overall at $86 billion, which represents a nice opportunity for money to be put back to work. We are working closely with advisers and directly with clients to provide highly relevant investment and market insights as well as important context for maintaining a long-term perspective. We had great client engagement, including record levels on our highly rated mobile app and secured site during the recent volatility. And we continue to invest in our advice value proposition and practice support. We have one of the best adviser platforms in the business in the way we engage and support advisers with our entirely integrated ecosystem. This includes our significant investment in our goal-based and investment advisory solutions. We are adding an even more comprehensive way for clients and advisers to manage investments. It's a powerful new UMA called Signature Wealth that offers the best features of our advisory platform in a streamlined and innovative way. We are currently testing it and plan to launch it more broadly later this quarter. The tech environment that we have built has helped us achieve excellent availability, important at any time, but particularly during volatility. Our proprietary client advisory systems have performed extremely well with increased traffic. And we continue to innovate and use emerging technology to further enhance how we do business. In fact, Ameriprise Financial, Inc. just earned the February 2025 technology innovation award from the Bank Insurance and Securities Association for an adviser practice tech platform. Practice Tech streamlines key practice actions into one integrated platform that makes operations much more efficient and effective. With the quality of our advisers and our consistent investments, adviser practices continue to grow nicely. Productivity increased 12% in the quarter to approximately $1.1 million per adviser, reflecting our best-in-class capabilities and strong asset growth. We also had another good quarter for recruiting with 82 experienced, productive advisers joining Ameriprise Financial, Inc. based on our adviser value proposition, strong support, and financial strength. I am pleased to share that we continue to earn strong client satisfaction and adviser recognition. The Ameriprise Financial, Inc. client experience helped drive leading client engagement, and our clients continue to rate us 4.9 out of five for satisfaction. And Ameriprise Financial, Inc. recently earned Hearts and Wallets top performer recognition in the client categories of "understands me and shares my values," and "unbiased puts my interest first." And a large number of advisers were recognized in the quarter in rankings like Forbes' top 1,200 wealth advisers, the best in state women wealth advisers, as well as the top 100 women wealth advisers list. We also launched the next phase of our advertising in the quarter to further promote a highly effective advice value proposition and excellent client satisfaction. Our bank is another important capability for Ameriprise Financial, Inc. In just the past few years, assets have grown to more than $24 billion. The bank is generating attractive earnings as we focus on deepening client relations and bringing in assets held elsewhere. The team has just launched our CDs, and coming later this year, we will add HELOCs and checking accounts to our offering. The bank made important contributions during the quarter, minimizing the carryover impact from rate cuts. With the bank and our investment portfolio, we are able to generate sustained interest earnings even if the Fed decides to change rates. Overall margin for wealth management remains strong at 29%. Turning to retirement protection solutions, the business continues to drive transactional activity within wealth management and generate strong earnings. In annuities, we had significant growth in our traditional 28%, and had good sales in our structured product. And we continue to see strong sales in our life business where we are focused on VUL, which is up 22% in disability products. I also reinforce that RPS consistently delivers strong earnings profitability, and free cash flow as part of our diversified business. We consistently generate one of the highest returns on equity in the industry. And RPS also provides important stability, which is particularly meaningful during periods of volatility. And in asset management, we continue to generate good earnings that reflect the actions we have taken. But it was a more challenging quarter for flows. For the quarter, assets under management and advisement were $657 billion. Overall, investment performance remains quite good even in a volatile environment. We delivered good performance across one, three, and ten-year periods. In total, we have 101 Columbia Threadneedle four and five-star Morningstar rated funds. And we were just rated in the latest Barron's best fund family rankings. Columbia Threadneedle was in the top 15 for all three time frames: one, five, and ten years. Regarding flows, we had higher outflows of $18.3 billion in the quarter. Retail outflows were $5.8 billion driven by higher redemptions. And institutional outflows of $11.5 billion were impacted by a large client repositioning into passive as well as the exit of the Limestone business. In this climate, active management is even more important and we believe in the benefits it can provide. In terms of priorities, we are focused on ensuring that we are positioning strategies that are appropriate for the environment and help us gain flows. We are also looking to build momentum in key product capabilities, including active ETFs, SMAs, and model delivery. And the team has made excellent progress over the past two years, significantly transforming and improving our cost base while maintaining our fee rate. They have driven important operational efficiencies that combined have helped us expand margins. In fact, the margin in the quarter was extremely strong at 43%. And for Ameriprise Financial, Inc. overall, we continue to both invest in the business and manage expenses very well. As you saw, expenses across the firm were down 5% due to our transformation efforts. In a difficult environment like we have seen so far in the second quarter, I would like to reinforce some important themes from the company's perspective. Our diversified business generates substantial free cash flow across market cycles. We maintain excellent liquidity. With our cash flow, we are able to invest and return to shareholders at attractive levels. We have a strong excess capital position that also gives us the flexibility to be opportunistic. And our discipline and proven risk management is highly effective even during periods of increased volatility. In terms of our capital return for the quarter, we continue to return strongly to shareholders. Another $765 million to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program. In fact, today, we announced an 8% increase in our dividend. This is the twenty-first dividend increase since our spin-off twenty years ago. And with that, our board just approved a new sizable $4.5 billion share repurchase authorization given we are completing our current authorization early. For the firm overall, it was a good start to the year. The high level of results that we consistently achieved is driven by the totality and strength of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. And while it is a more volatile environment, we remain well-positioned. Finally, the team and I are always proud of the accolades we earn in the marketplace. In addition to the awards I referenced, Ameriprise Financial, Inc. has just been recognized by Fortune as one of America's most innovative companies February 2025. Now Walter will provide more detail on the quarter and then we will take your questions. Walter?
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. delivered continued solid performance with exceptional balance sheet strength providing us flexibility to be opportunistic. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. had strong underlying performance across our diversified businesses, particularly in light of the slowing equity market appreciation and the full impact of the Fed funds rate reductions since September. With adjusted operating EPS increasing 13% to $9.50 in the quarter. This result reflects positive flows and activity levels in Wealth Management, the initial impact of proactive changes made to the bank's investment portfolio, including the reduction in floating rate exposure and the benefit to expenses from our transformation initiatives. As we exit the quarter, our balance sheet fundamentals remain very strong and we are well-positioned to navigate potential volatility going forward. We have an excellent excess capital position of $2.4 billion, with $2.5 billion of available liquidity. The investment portfolio is diversified and highly rated. Our hedge programs continue to perform extremely well. And we have strong and consistent free cash flow generation across all segments. We have a successful track record of navigating market cycles. Looking ahead at the potential for continued elevated volatility levels, we continue to be well-positioned to navigate these scenarios with the flexibility to be opportunistic based on the diversity of our businesses, the quality of our earnings and margins, and underlying balance sheet strength. On slide six, you will see the strong EPS growth demonstrates the strength and leverage points within our business model. Assets under management, administration, and advisement increased to $1.5 trillion. Benefit from strong net client flows over the past year and equity market appreciation which more than offset the impact of outflows in asset management. We delivered strong profitability consolidated margins of 27%. Revenues grew 5%, reflecting slower equity market appreciation, and impacts from lower Fed funds rates since September. At the same time, G&A expenses were down 5%. G&A expenses continue to be well managed and demonstrate our focus on operating efficiency and effectiveness while still making the right investments in areas that will drive future business growth. Our stable 90% free cash flow generation across our segments combined with strong balance sheet fundamentals enabled us to return $765 million or 81% of operating earnings to shareholders in the quarter. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders at a differentiated pace and announced an 8% dividend increase and a new share repurchase authorization of $4.5 billion through June 30, 2027. On slide seven, you see the strong metrics results from wealth management. Revenue per adviser grew 12% to a new high of $1.1 million. This resulted from a 7% increase in client assets to $1 trillion with strong client flows of $10.3 billion. Wrap assets were up 10% to $573 billion from $8.7 billion of wrap flows in the quarter and $35.3 billion over the past year. In addition, transactional activity levels continue to improve. AWM cash balances declined 8% year over year to $40 billion. Bank balances increased in the quarter, while certificates and off-balance sheet cash declined. We continue to take actions to build the bank investment portfolio in a way that supports stable earnings contributions going forward. The overall bank portfolio has a yield of 4.6%, and a 3.6-year duration. We reduced cash levels at the bank and further reduced our floating rate securities to only 15% of the securities portfolio, both of which have reduced our exposure to lower rates. We also brought an additional $500 million of balances onto the bank's balance sheet. Those balances, as well as portfolio maturities and prepayments, were invested at a 5.5% yield and four-year duration. And you are aware of the crediting rates changes on cash sweeps that were made early in the quarter. These factors all help to offset the carryover impact from the Fed funds reduction since September. And will support net investment income at the bank going forward. On slide eight, you see the strong financial results from wealth management. Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 4% to $792 million with strong contribution from both core and cash activities. Core contributions continue to double-digit increase driven by good business fundamentals and equity market appreciation. Cash experienced a single-digit decrease primarily driven by Fed funds effective rate reductions in September. Adjusted operating net revenues increased 9% to $2.8 billion even with fewer fee and trading days. Revenue growth from higher client assets and increased transactional activity driven by advisor productivity more than offset lower spread revenues. Adjusted operating expenses in the quarter increased 11%. With distribution expenses up 14% reflecting our business mix and higher transactional activity. G&A expenses increased only 1% to $424 million in the quarter, reflecting strong expense discipline with continued growth investments and volume-related expenses due to business growth. Margins remain solid at 29%. The business is well-positioned to navigate potential volatility going forward based upon continued strong adviser productivity, the high-quality investment portfolio that will benefit from actions we have taken, and continued disciplined expense management. Turning to asset management on slide nine. Financial results were solid in the quarter. Operating earnings increased 17% to $241 million. This strong quarter reflected equity market appreciation and the positive impact from expense management actions partially offset by the cumulative impact of net outflows. Total assets under management and advisement decreased to $657 billion. Net outflows were elevated at $18.3 billion, reflecting institutional outflows from a large client repositioning into passive and the exit of Limestone. Revenues were at $846 million, down 1%, reflecting slower market appreciation, net outflows, and fewer fee days. The fee rate was stable in the quarter. Adjusted operating expenses decreased 7%. G&A expenses improved 12% from a year ago, primarily driven by proactive transformation initiatives, as well as lower performance fee compensation. These transformational initiatives will continue to benefit results and help to offset the impact of net outflows. Margins reached 43% in the quarter. Let's turn to slide 10. Retirement and protected solutions continue to deliver strong earnings and free cash flow generation. Reflecting the high quality of the business that was built over a long period of time. Pretax adjusted operating earnings in the quarter increased 8% to $215 million. The strong and consistent performance of the business reflects the benefit from stronger interest earnings and higher equity markets. These high-quality books of business continue to generate strong free cash flow with excellent risk-adjusted returns and continue to be an important contributor to the diversified business model. Overall, retirement and protection sales were strong at $1.2 billion fueled by client demand for structured variable annuities, and variable universal life products. In the corporate segment, I want to mention long-term care pretax adjusted operating earnings was $14 million. Turning to the balance sheet on slide 11. Balance sheet fundamentals and free cash flow generation remained strong with $2.4 billion of excess capital, $2.5 billion of available liquidity, and a diversified high-quality investment portfolio. We have diversified sources of dividends from all of our businesses, enabled by strong underlying fundamentals. This supports our ability to consistently return capital to shareholders and invest for future business growth. Ameriprise Financial, Inc.'s consistent capital return strategy drives long-term shareholder value. In summary, on slide 12, Ameriprise Financial, Inc. delivered excellent growth in this first quarter. Which is a continuation of a long track rate of outperforming our stated financial targets. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. has a proven track record navigating through challenging market environments over the longer term. Over the last twelve months, revenues grew 10%, adjusted EPS increased 16%, return on equity grew 280 basis points, and we returned $2.9 billion of capital to shareholders. We had similar growth trends over the past five years. With 8% compounded annual revenue growth, 15% compounded annual EPS growth, return on equity improving 13 percentage points, and we returned over $12 billion of capital to shareholders. These trends are consistent over the long term as well. This differentiated performance across multiple speaks to the complementary nature of our business mix. As well as our focus on profitable growth. With that, we will take your questions.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. If you have a question, please press 1 on your touch-tone phone. If you wish to be removed from the queue, please press 1. If you are using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up the handset first before pressing the numbers. Once again, if you have a question, please press 1 on your touch-tone phone. And our first question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Suneet Kamath: Great. Thank you. Walter, could you talk a little bit about your outlook for AWM NII as well as for the bank in terms of sort of cash levels and earnings? Just some high-level commentary of how you feel the year would play out would be helpful.
Walter S. Berman: Sure. Of I I see it right now based on what we have done that it should actually be improving as we look at, based on what actions we have taken. First from shifting fixed float floating to fixed. And shifting the portfolio. Mix. And also adding more liabilities onto the balance sheet. So from that standpoint, obviously, from the bank, if you just join the bank, it's a small portion of floating. Can't control what the Fed's gonna do, but I feel with the action we have taken, we should be able to certainly manage the net interest income.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then, I guess, for Jim, can you just talk about Signature Wealth in a little bit of detail? What sort of impact do you expect? And my understanding is that there could be some benefits in the asset management business as well. So if you could just provide some color on that, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. The Signature Wealth is a very comprehensive UMA type platform that has a lot of flexibility. We have a lot of advisory platforms that our advisers use for their different models and capabilities depending on whether they are using discretion, whether the client has discretion, whether the company has discretion. This gives them the ability to put everything sorted together. And over time, they will have flexibility with different sleeves of how they want to manage those assets from individual stock portfolios to institutional portfolios, etcetera, and rebalance it more comprehensively. And as a household or in total of the account. So and it really does present it in a way to both the client and the advisers so that they fully have an understanding of what's happening, how to relay that and report it, and adjust it. So we think it will be very good. It does allow for different models to be incorporated that allows for Columbia to have models in there just like other providers. So we think it will be a state-of-the-art type of UMA platform in the industry.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning, and thanks so much for taking my questions. So I wanted to start off with a question on AWM flows, which were quite resilient in a tough tape. I was hoping you could speak to what you are seeing in the marketplace, as press reports have indicated more competitive TA and compensation packages. And, also, what prompted the decision to remove the adviser account and retention disclosures. And whether you could speak to what you are seeing in terms of net new adviser ads.
Jim Cracchiolo: Oh, it's a pretty comprehensive question. So, overall, we have seen good client activity and engagement with the advisers regarding client portfolios and keeping them on track to their goals, rebalancing, occurring, etcetera. We saw new assets being added. Of course, you know, a little more in cash as well. But we saw money going back to work both in the transactional activity as well as in the portfolios and wrap. That was very good. So both client flows coming in were strong, new clients being added, as well as the idea of some money going back to work. So that looks good. Now, of course, there's volatility out there every day, and what happens with the market or the outlook will affect some of that. But we feel good about what that flow rate was. From a perspective of new advisers we are adding, it was pretty good for the first quarter. We have a good pipeline that has continued to be there in the second quarter. We feel very good about what our value proposition particularly our technology capabilities. A lot of people are having issues and problems in the first quarter with, you know, handling trade activity and the system availability and other things like that. All of our systems that are proprietary systems were all available. You always have some issues with, you know, an external vendor per se. But other than that, you are in good shape, particularly how we have set up our core functioning our capabilities, the underlying infrastructure that we have, and we actually have a great adviser tech platform. With integrated capabilities, and that's one of the things really a lot of advisers to us with the strength of the firm. So that we feel good about. I don't know if there's something else in your question that I missed.
Steven Chubak: No. That largely covers it. I mean, just closure on the number. None of our competitors really report that anymore. We looked at the wirehouses, some of the independents. Don't really put number of advisers or number of on retention. And in the retention numbers, we wrote constantly trying to explain where, you know, people will retiring and other things like that or transferring their books and it was all rolled into the numbers. So we figured it would be easier just to do what the competitors are doing right now and not disclose that.
Steven Chubak: Fair enough. And, for my follow-up, just, a bit of a piggyback question just on April trends. Given the recent volatility, I was hoping you could speak to what you are seeing so far in terms of cash build, as well as M&A and recruitment, just the mark given the market volatility can be disruptive to adviser movement?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So from a cash perspective, of some tax polls, etcetera, it's been relatively flat. We feel pretty good about where that is right now and what's happening. From a perspective of the pipeline, it's still very good. I mean, sometimes even in volatility, people do want to go to a firm that has strength, particularly around the balance sheet, the consistency, having great technology, and being consistent on from a good strong cultural perspective. And so that's the type of people we are attracting.
Steven Chubak: Great color. Thanks for taking my questions. Next question.
Operator: Comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alexander Blostein: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for the question. You mentioned a couple of times in the call sort of like Ameriprise Financial, Inc.'s capital position, liquidity position obviously being very strong. That's not new. But you mentioned that, you know, that gives you an opportunity perhaps to be a little more proactive, a little more opportunistic in this environment. I just wanted to dig in a little more what the messaging here really is when it comes to potential acquisitions, whether it's in AWM or asset management. Was that a broadly generic comment, or is there something in particular you guys are looking a little closer at?
Jim Cracchiolo: Alex, I think it was a more general statement telling you very clearly, like, in market volatility where markets are having some impact, others may feel the pain much more than we do. And we have flexibility that we can respond in those situations against the that may arise. Also, from a perspective the board just approved a much bigger buyback program for us that gives us flexibility in the market environment. So a combination of things that's all we were addressing is that we have flexibility, and it's good to have, especially in these types of environments.
Alexander Blostein: Yep. Okay. Super clear. Just want to make sure. And then my follow-up is related to one of the early questions but just kind of related to cash revenues broadly. I know, Walter, you talked about NII at the bank specifically. But as you look at all the sources of cash revenues between the surge, the all balance sheet stuff, and obviously the bank, how do you guys think that is likely to evolve here through 2025, relative to last year? And maybe just double-clicking on one of the new products that you launched, sort of related to my question. But when you think about the CD offering, how will that interact with the search business? Is that do you see that as sort of incremental and in addition to, or is there a risk that this could just kind of cannibalize some of the certificate balances?
Walter S. Berman: This is incremental. We do not believe it will materially cannibalize the search. Okay? As it relates to looking out, obviously, as you it's going to be subject to, again, what is going on in the external market with the Fed and other things of that nature. But as we the bank is as I indicated, the earnings that we see coming out is really I think we balance that, and it's going to be quite stable. And we will be increasing the liabilities, and we are well-positioned from that standpoint. On certs, if rates go up, you basically it shifts with that, but the impact factor is manageable. As it relates. And then the floating, which we have reduced overall, but certainly from standpoint on the sweet count, it's going to be it'll be impacted by rates going down, but less impactful. So we feel quite good. The confidence is stability of the earnings, and so that's what we are looking at we can navigate on any of the changes because I think, as Jim said, it's you have a high volatility on the upside downside, and I think we position the books to basically navigate that.
Alexander Blostein: Yeah. That makes sense. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Wilma Burdis with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Wilma Burdis: Hey. Good morning, and thank you for the question. First, could you talk about the adviser recruiting environment? Is now a good time to grow? And are you seeing any changing trends in adviser transition assistance packages? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, you know, as we said, we had a good number of recruits in the first quarter. Pipeline looks good as we are into the second quarter. And we have the capacity and the capability to continue to work closely across the channels as well as with different institutions for advisers to come over. We have a great ability to onboard them quicker, and from an industry perspective that they ramp up quicker when they do come over here. So we feel good about that. Again, markets change, environments change, but advisers will still look for a good home during that change. And that's what we are really focused on. From a perspective of the packages out there, you know, I would probably say they have gotten a bit more competitive. But I think what we feel very good about is our ability to put together appropriate packages and get appropriate advisers over that we can help really grow and build their books as well as get a return from that.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. And I think you touched on this earlier, but I just want to be a little bit more specific. Is that a good time to lean in on the share repurchases? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: From our perspective, you know, we as we mentioned to you at the end of the year and into January that we had initially targeted our roughly 80% on a consistency fashion. But as we just approved, and we are finishing up the previous buyback early again, we have flexibility to take that up and adjust as we see the both the environment and opportunity based on the share price. So it gives us good flexibility, and we will be looking at that as we proceed through the year.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Hey, Jim. Just wanted to come back to the AWM adviser retention. And I know I heard your comment about the peers aren't disclosing those total numbers. Are you seeing a slippage in headcount? Anytime I see someone removing disclosure, usually, I think there's going to be some suspicion that, you know, there's something in the numbers that caused the company to remove it. I just want to be clear. Like, are those numbers under some pressure for some reason? Maybe just any color you can give on the retention side.
Jim Cracchiolo: There's no change on the retention side. In fact, the retention is quite good. You know, as I said, the highest amount of our retention is more of people retiring and transitioning practices that for the people that remain here. As the other piece of our attention that a little lower is just the newer people that come in that turnover. But, again, those books and activities stay. So no, there's nothing. Headcount is actually up. You know, if we did, you know, provide it. So that's not, in any way a change, but, you know, all the wirehouses removed it. I think you saw a few of the other players remove it. I won't mention their names, but you could look at all of them. So we just we follow the disclosures and so we figured that was appropriate.
Thomas Gallagher: That's great. Thanks for clarifying that. The other question I had is just I know there were some lumpy outflows in Asset Management this quarter. Can you talk about visibility for the balance of 2025? Any other like chunky or lumpy outflows to flag, or do you think you're we're through the worst of those?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. I think from a large I think there's another piece of the Limestone to go out and that will be, you know, but that was what we disclosed at the end of the year or last year when we, you know, sort of exited the business. From the other institutional stuff, no. There'll be ins and outs just based on people reallocating. You know, a lot of there's a lot of change out there right now just about repositioning portfolios, etcetera. The large one we had in the first quarter was a move to passive. It was in an international firm. That they needed to do that for other reasons they had. And so, we feel comfortable that, again, when navigating like everyone else is, Retail is actually the sales were up year over year, and retail is just more redemption picked up as you would have seen in the first quarter, in the flow picture. But I think you saw that out in the industry. We're probably not picking up as much, on the fixed side that we would like to increase that. We just in certain categories, of there that we haven't gotten much in the flow on, but our equities are actually a bit better than the industry. So it depends on you know, when you put it all together, that's, we had some of the negative come from the redemptions.
Thomas Gallagher: Gotcha. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Jim. Walter. I hope everyone's doing well. We did want to follow-up to Tom's question. With Advice and Wealth Management organic growth and also echo a comment. Like, one of the reasons that many of your comps report that data is because the organic growth has slowed. So if your data is strong, our advice would be to disclose it. But with that, I did hear a lot of good, strongs, and ups, so high-level qualitative color. Do you have any data you can share for January 2025 behind recruiting financial adviser headcount, and adviser retention? And if not, I can ask another.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So we did mention that we brought in, you know, 80 advisers in the first quarter. So that's pretty consistent with our recruiting over the, you know, quarters. And the quality was very good. And as I said, that pipeline is holding up nicely through the second quarter, and we feel good about it. I don't know what else I can say. We don't give much more information on that. From a perspective of our own, both retention but also client activity is quite strong. And we're bringing in nice new clients. And, you know, I know a lot of people rely on just new recruits to increase their, you know, their flow picture. Ours come is mainly from the increase in productivity of our adviser base, which I feel good about. And the underlying margins and capability of our core business. Production underlying we mentioned 9% revenue, but the production was higher. That's tied to the distribution fees of 14%. It was, you know, there's, like, 13 something for plus percent on production, which is quite good. And our underlying margins on a production business is quite strong compared to many others in the industry. Would think it's probably one of the best.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And then just for my follow-up, heading into February, given that most of April is behind us, so you're seeing some data there. How do you see recruiting adviser headcount retention tracking Q2 2025? Especially given a lot has changed since April 2?
Jim Cracchiolo: From our perspective, it's a continuation of what we've just reported in the first quarter.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
John Barnidge: Morning. Thank you for the opportunity. My question's on retirement and protection solution earnings. They've been coming in better than the $200 million quarterly number the last few quarters. In light of current macro distribution in the rate environment, do you have any updated views, or is it seem to be earning above that now? Thanks.
Walter S. Berman: No. The earnings are solid, and they're predictable. And even though we've had a higher transactional, which you know on the time of sale, it would impact the P&L. Basically, the investment strategy and other elements are basically prevailing. So we feel comfortable with it. The book is, as we said, good risk-adjusted return. So we feel it's working quite well.
John Barnidge: Thank you. And my follow-up question on retail within asset management. Is there something a the typical retail investor needs to see from maybe a cost of living perspective or macro to reengage? Or to your comments about having the flexibility to take advantage of other companies, maybe dislocation. Is there additional products that need to be added inorganically? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: So what we are doing is we are rolling out more active ETFs. You've seen that pick up a bit more in the industry. I think it gives Avaya a little more flexible in their activities and trading, how they build their portfolios. We also are continuing a move to our SMA model delivery. Which is taking up a bit more space in the industry, which is good for us as well. We are coming out with an interval fund with the public and private market soon, that we'll be launching, just in the market later this year. We'll be looking at other opportunities like that as we proceed. We've launched another hedge fund that's starting to gain traction. So there are things like that that we're doing. As you would imagine, I would say the gross sales were up year over year on the gross side. It's just redemption picked up, and you saw that across the industry. As people, you know, they got a little more conservative or they put cash on the sidelines or they wanted to adjust, in the period. So that's what we saw a bit more in the asset management business. Now remember, it's not an asset management just for our business, I mean, across international, domestic, etcetera.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: Next question from Ryan Krueger. With KBW. Your line is open.
Ryan Krueger: Good morning. My first question was on G&A expenses. They were down 5% in the quarter. Can you give some commentary on how you're thinking about G&A for the rest of the year?
Walter S. Berman: So, obviously, a lot of things affect G&A, both, you know, from our standpoint. Activity growth, the investment we make, and certainly the transformation efforts we did. So I think looking at those elements together, we see the total expense being flatter. G&A expense.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Okay. Great. So consolidated G&A, roughly flat for the year?
Walter S. Berman: Yeah.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then just one other question on April. I think you've addressed cash and recruiting trends, but can you give any commentary on just how clients are behaving? Are they pulling back at all from transactional activity? Or putting new money to work, or can you give any commentary there?
Jim Cracchiolo: No. I think what you've seen in April is an increased level of volatility. So I think, again, you know, I can't sit here with a crystal ball of what comes next, but I see it maintaining at a certain, you know, level of consistent. I haven't seen a dramatic shift or change yet, but it depends on what continues in the marketplace. You know, some days are really people get a little more concerned. Some days, they see it as an opportunity. So I think they're we keep them focused on the long term. And to keep money invested. So I would probably say no change in our picture at this point.
Ryan Krueger: Understood. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Mark, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Stephanie Rabe. Stephanie, you may begin.
Stephanie Rabe: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website at www.ir.ameriprise.com. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter 2024 earnings release, our 2023 annual report to shareholders and our 2023 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our earnings call. As you saw, Ameriprise delivered a strong fourth quarter to complete an excellent year. We're building on our good client engagement and demonstrating the strength of our value propositions. Ameriprise also achieved a number of new records that we'll discuss with you. Regarding the external environment, equity markets were strong amid resilient U.S. economic growth and labor markets. As inflation cooled, the Fed lowered interest rates for the third time in late 2024. However, it looks like there will be a slower pace for rate cuts this year. With strong business growth and positive markets, assets under management, administration and advisement grew to $1.5 trillion, up 10%. And for our adjusted operating results, we achieved some new highs in the quarter. Total revenues were $4.5 billion, up 13% from strong asset growth and transactional activity. Earnings were $965 million, up 18%, with earnings per diluted share up 23% to $9.54, excluding items we noted. Once again, Ameriprise delivered industry-leading return on equity of 52.7%, up from 49.7% a year ago. Our excellent results demonstrate the strength of our overall business. In wealth management, our goal-based device value proposition continues to drive excellent adviser productivity, business growth and client satisfaction. Total client assets grew to $1 trillion at year-end, up 14% from good flows and markets. For the quarter, total client inflows were $11.3 billion, further strengthening from the third quarter. Wrap assets under management were also up substantially growing 18% to $574 billion, making ours one of the largest platforms in the industry. Wrap flows grew significantly up 59% to more than $11 billion, which marks an all-time high. This represents an 8% annualized flow rate. We also had another significant pickup in transactional activity, up 17% from a year ago. Clients continue to hold a higher level of cash. However, we're seeing a shift from term into wrap and other products. We expect more cash to be put to work and greater transactional activity as we move through 2025. With regard to our advisers, productivity grew nicely again, up 13% to a new record of over $1 million per adviser, reflecting our consistent investments, and best-in-class capabilities and support. A key strength of our adviser value proposition is our integrated technology platform and the outstanding value it creates. Our advisers are leveraging our digital tools, CRM, as well as our excellent data analytics and solutions to further serve client needs and deepen relationships. The team and I are proud of the recognition that Ameriprise consistently earns in the marketplace. Our client satisfaction is excellent at 4.9 out of 5. And for the sixth year in a row, J.D. Power recognized our phone support for providing an outstanding customer service experience to advisers. In addition, Ameriprise also received J.D. Power certification for our phone support for clients. And our advisers also continue to stand out in the industry for their exceptional service, leading growth in high-quality process. In fact, we had a record 427 teams on the Forbes Best in State Wealth Management Team’s 2024 ranking, which is terrific. Maintaining excellent engagement with our advisers is another key strength. A recent field survey indicated that 90% of our advisers recommend Ameriprise as a great place to work or affiliate with. This high level of adviser satisfaction with Ameriprise also benefits our recruiting efforts. In the fourth quarter, we attracted another 91 experienced productive advisers, marking a nice increase in what is a slower time of the year for recruiting. And we feel good about our pipeline. With regard to our bank, we continue to generate attractive earnings with balances growing to more than $23 billion. And we see further opportunity to expand our product set with CDs, HELOCs and checking accounts as we move through 2025. Speaking of products, our Retirement Protection Solutions continue to drive strong sales growth and earnings. As I mentioned, we have very good transaction activity in AWM. Part of that includes our strong variable annuity sales, up 15% for the quarter with robust growth in our structured product. And we also had good sales in our life business, where we focused on VUL and disability products that are appropriate for the environment. Life and health sales grew meaningfully, up 26%, and the team continues to enhance how we do business, including with accelerated underwriting. Our Retirement & Protection Solutions continue to help us meet clients’ comprehensive needs while generating substantial free cash flow. In Asset Management, we’re generating strong financial results as we leverage and evolve our global capabilities for greater efficiency and future growth. For the quarter, assets under management and advisement was $681 billion. The team is delivering consistent competitive investment with excellent research and thought leadership. At year-end, nearly 70% of our funds globally were above the medium across one-year and three-year time frames, and 80% or more of our funds outperformed for the five-year and ten-year periods. And we continue to have strong performance in key strategies, including our anchor and strategic funds in the U.S. In total, 108 Columbia Threadneedle funds earned four- and five-star Morningstar ratings. Regarding flows, we had net inflows of $1.3 billion, a more than $6 billion improvement from a year ago. In retail, we had total net inflows of $6.1 billion, reflecting stronger gross sales in North America and EMEA as well as higher reinvested dividends. In institutional, we had net outflows of $3.9 billion, excluding legacy insurance partner flows due to slower fundings and the expected inflows we’ve highlighted. To drive future flows, we continue to broaden our investment capabilities to both complement our legacy mutual fund business and meeting evolving market demand. This includes building out our active ETF lineup and further growing our SMA and model delivery businesses. In fact, we had nearly $3 billion of model delivery inflows for the year. And our assets under advisement are now over $35 billion, making us the seventh largest provider in the U.S. For Asset Management overall, we’re completing two years of transformational work that will provide benefits this year and beyond. This includes improved efficiency and evolving the business to better meet client needs, especially in EMEA. And you will continue to see us tightly manage expenses. At the same time, we're investing for growth. Consistent with our firm-wide investments in Asset Management, we continue to build out our product line, data analytics, AI and other capabilities. Reflecting on the firm overall, it was another strong quarter and year for Ameriprise. We built on a unique 130-year legacy and reinforced our ability to consistently achieve excellent results. Ameriprise continues to deliver strong organic growth and free cash flow with best-in-class capital returns and an excellent capital position. In the quarter, we returned another $768 million and $2.8 billion for the year. Over the last five years, we returned a substantial amount of capital to shareholders, nearly $12 billion, which resulted in a share count reduction of 22%. And our ROE is consistently one of the best in the industry and is now 52.7%. Another important differentiator for Ameriprise, we continue to stand out for our culture and how we operate the business. In fact, we were just recognized again as one of America's Most Responsible Companies in 2025 by Newsweek and one of America's Best Companies in 2025 by Forbes. I'm proud of what the Ameriprise team has accomplished, and we're in an attractive position for 2025. Now Walter will provide more detail on the quarter, and then we'll take your questions. Walter?
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered another excellent quarter across its operating segments to conclude a strong 2024. Adjusted operating EPS increased 23% to $9.54 in the quarter and increased 17% for the year, excluding severance expense, mark-to-market impacts on share-based compensation, our prior year regulatory accrual and unlocking. This demonstrates the strong underlying growth achieved in the quarter and in the year. Assets under management, administration and advisement increased 10% to $1.5 trillion, benefiting from strong client flows over the past year and equity market appreciation. This resulted in strong 13% revenue growth across our businesses. G&A expenses continue to be well managed and demonstrate our focus on operating efficiency and effectiveness while investing in areas that will drive future business growth, particularly in wealth management, to achieve sustainable shareholder objectives. And we delivered a strong consolidated margin of 27%. Our stable 90% free cash flow generation across our diversified businesses, coupled with strong balance sheet fundamentals, enabled us to return $768 million or 81% of the operating earnings to shareholders in the quarter. In 2024, we returned $2.8 billion or 78% of operating earnings to shareholders, and our ROE was best-in-class at 53.7%. On Slide 6, you'll see the strong metrics results from Wealth Management. Total client assets grew 14% to an all-time high of $1 trillion with strong client flows of $11.3 billion. Wrap assets were up 18% to $574 billion. Wrap flows were particularly strong in the quarter at $11.1 billion or an 8% annualized flow rate. Strong flows coupled with continued growth and transactional activity generated strong revenue growth, and revenue per adviser reached a new high of $1 million, up 13% from a year ago. Total cash balances, including third-party money market funds and brokered CDs, were $85.4 billion, which was over 8% of client assets. However, the pace in which money is flowing into money market funds has decreased significantly, and we're beginning to see clients put money back to work in wrap and other products on our platform. We expect this to continue over time as markets and rates normalize, which creates a significant opportunity. And in the quarter, client sweep balances increased $2.3 billion sequentially to $29.8 billion. On Slide 7, you see the strong financial results from Wealth Management. Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 18% to $823 million driven by core business growth and strong equity markets, which more than offset the approximate $20 million impact from Fed funds rate cuts and the portfolio repositioning. Adjusted operating net revenues increased 18% to $2.8 billion growth combined asset and increased transactional activity. Adjusted operating expenses in the quarter increased 18% with distribution expense up 23%, reflecting business growth and higher transactional activity. G&A expenses were $438 million in the quarter and were up 5% to $1.7 billion for the full year. This was in line with expectations, reflecting investments for growth and higher volume-related expenses. Margins which remained strong at 29%. Turning to Asset Management on Slide 8. Financial results were very strong in the quarter. Operating earnings increased 29% to $251 million, consisting of full year growth of 28% versus last year. This strong quarter and annual performance was driven by proactive expense management related to our operating model transformation and strong markets, more than offsetting outflows similar to the industry. Total assets under management and advisement increased 3% to $681 billion. Revenues grew 10%, reflecting strong marks and performance fees as well as the impact from net outflows. Adjusted operating expenses increased 4%. General and administrative expenses, excluding higher performance fee compensation, improved 2% in the quarter and 3% for the year, reflecting benefits from the company’s initiatives to enhance operating efficiencies and effectiveness further strengthen the client experience and future profitability. Those transformation initiatives will continue to benefit results. Margins reached 39% in the quarter and 38% for the full year, up from 32% in the prior year with similar levels of performance fees in both years. Let’s turn to Slide 9. Retirement & Protection Solutions continued to deliver strong earnings and free cash flow generation, reflecting the high quality of the business that was built over a long period of time. Pre-tax adjusted operating earnings in the quarter increased by 5% to $213 million, reaching $816 million for the full year. The strong and consistent performance of the business reflected the benefit from stronger interest earnings and higher equity markets, partially offset by higher distribution expense associated with continued strong sales trends. Overall, Retirement & Protection Solutions sales were up nicely with Protection sales up 26% to $91 million primarily in higher-margin VUL products and variable annuity sales up 15% to $1.2 billion. In the Corporate segment, I wanted to mention Long Term Care pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were $21 million or $62 million for the full year, excluding unlocking. Results in the quarter reflected higher closed claims and new premium rate increases. Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 10. Balance sheet fundamentals and free cash flow generation remains strong with $2 billion of excess capital. Our diversified and high-quality investment portfolio continues to perform well. As I have noted before, we repositioned approximately one-third of our floating rate securities in the bank portfolio into fixed rate securities with a 5% yield and a three-year duration. This positions us well moving forward. We have diversified sources and dividends from all our businesses, enabled by strong underlying fundamentals. This supports our ability to consistently return capital to shareholders and invest for future business growth. Ameriprise’s consistent capital return strategy drives long-term shareholder value. In summary, on Slide 11, Ameriprise delivered excellent growth in the fourth quarter, which is a continuation of a long track record of outperforming our stated financial targets. In 2024, revenues grew 11%. Earnings per share as adjusted increased 17%. Return on equity grew 300 basis points, and we returned $2.8 billion of capital to shareholders. We had similar growth trends over the past five years with 8% compounded annual revenue growth, 17% compounded annual EPS growth, return on equity improved over 14 percentage points, and we returned $12 billion of capital to shareholders. These trends are consistent over the long-term as well. This differentiated performance across multiple cycles speaks to the complementary nature of our business mix as well as our focus on profitable growth. With that, we'll take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Suneet, please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Great, thank you. Good morning. I wanted to start with the bank. The NII there was down sequentially and year-over-year. I know, Walter, in the past, you've talked about an expectation that maybe 2025 NII would be above 2024. Is that still your expectation? And can you maybe walk through some of the pieces that kind of get you there?
Walter Berman: Sure, Suneet. So coming into the quarter, we were at 75% fixed in the bank and 25% floating. And during the quarter, we repositioned that down to 17%. So we've now, basically, have managed that aspect. And in the quarter, we also grew our base by about $2.3 billion from both seasonal and growth. So that's the positioning coming in. So going forward, I think we're sitting in a good position because of the fundamentals that we have right now. We also have taken January, we studied the client crediting rate, and we adjusted that accordingly with the change in the interest rate. So all the fundamentals that we see are positioning us quite well, I think, again, in the bank to certainly sustain and continue net interest income, but there's a lot of variables. But that – I think our positioning has – put us in good position. As it relates to now looking at sweep, obviously, that will be impacted by rate reduction. And on certificates, that's a spread business, and it will be adjusted as rates go. And – but normally, obviously, you're invested, and then you have to – if you drop your rates, you'll get the benefit. So I would say, we're well positioned as we go into 2025 to certainly continue to generate good net interest income.
Suneet Kamath: Put it back, got it?
Walter Berman: Yes.
Suneet Kamath: I got it. Okay, thanks. And then, I guess, for Jim, you talked about this $85 billion of client cash being 8% of assets. And I think at that level, it's maybe 2 times the normal roughly 4%, I think, is what the historical level has been. So I guess, do you think that we ultimately get back to that 4% to 5% level? Or are we just going to be in this higher cash balance environment for some time? Just want to get a sense of how your advisers are thinking about it.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, Suneet, I mean, I think as you saw, you start to see money being redeployed back in, but we also got more flows in. The cash levels are higher than what it used to be. But remember, you're still sitting with interest rates pretty – in the short-term of the curve pretty high. And so it is a cash allocation because you're getting good spread – I mean, good rate for the consumer there. And – but as the stabilization occurs in the longer end of the curve, and that picked up a little bit, you should start to see some shift over time there as well. And more money is going back into the market, but not in a – like a dramatic way, right? It's more on average over time. And I would probably say, you'll probably see a continued pickup in fixed income-type product as well. But yes, I would say, over time, the cash position will come down. But it's – the rates didn't – they dropped 100 basis points on the short end of the curve, but they're still much higher than they were over the last 10 years.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. All right, that's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS Financial. Brennan, please go ahead. Brennan, your line is now open.
Brennan Hawken: Sorry, had mute on. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning, Jim and Walter. Walter, would love to put a finer point on the NII at the bank commentary. So it sounds like now you’re working towards stability in that NII number as a constructive outcome and just wanted to make sure I interpreted that correctly. And then also, I know you lowered the crediting rate here January 8th, but it looked like it was about 15 basis points for most of the tiers. Do you expect that’ll be enough to keep the yield stable here in the first quarter or is it more of a partial offset? Thanks.
Walter Berman: So as I indicated, Brennan from a standpoint we did adjust a rate, we felt that was appropriate looking at what would happen on the deposit base. So we will continue to evaluate that. Obviously, we go through a competitive process and assess. But we did absorb in the fourth quarter a 100 basis point drop, effective 61% in the bank. And so – but we did add deposits, and those deposits are, like I said, seasonal and growth. And so I say – I think we’re – as I indicated, we’re in a good position, and we’ll navigate as we go through 2025. So I’m quite confident where we’re at now, sitting with 87% in fixed in the bank and high quality and high-yielding investments.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then when we think about loan growth, so rates coming down could make, particularly the pledge loans, security-based loans more attractive. But it’s been – the loan growth story within the bank subsidiary has largely been a residential mortgage story. Do you expect that to continue? How should we be thinking about the loan growth as maybe also a partial offset within the bank as we move through 2025?
Jim Cracchiolo: We’ll be looking to – I think it’s scheduled to launch later in the first quarter, fixed pledge. And that’s the – we haven’t had that yet. And we know that’s something that’s sought after in the wires. So we’re adding that to the product portfolio. We’ll also be coming out with HELOCs later in, I think, the second quarter, along those lines. We’re also going to be adding some other products on the deposit side, CDs in the bank, as well as launching a checking account later in the year that would bring more balances into the bank and more utilization of the engagement with the bank that would also help on the loan side for some of the products we’re coming out with. So we feel that there is an opportunity to increase the lending part of the portfolio as we go on. But remember, we’ve been really focused on getting the bank really set up and established. And we’re launching products periodically in them. But over time, we feel like we can build a nice loan portfolio.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And the residential mortgage will probably still lead? Or is there an expected shift?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Alex, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, all. This is Luke here on for Alex. Thanks for taking the question. Could you help us frame how you’re thinking about the firm’s capital strategy, and particularly inorganic opportunities? Appreciate how consistent the repurchase cadence has been. But how are you thinking about inorganic opportunity, specifically within AWM, where it feels like wealth peers are beginning to get more acquisitive? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we feel like we have a consistent ability to redeploy capital through the buyback and dividend increases that we have based on the cash flow generation we have across the business. And remember, in our RPS business, which is a very well-established business that has very good returns, that really gives us a lot more ability in that sense. From a perspective of acquisitions, we – the market is a little bit pricey right now. I think private equity has been up things, if you’re looking at the Wealth segment. We focus more on bringing in appropriately – appropriate types of advisers that have a good sort of perspective on how they want to do business on a client experience, on a an advice-based solution, et cetera. And so we still see opportunity there. But from an acquisition perspective, we’re more targeted in that regard. We also are investing to broaden out our channels. We have a number of opportunities, whether in AFIG or in our own AAC and our central [ph] sites working more direct. And we have some opportunities that we're looking at right now. So I feel good about our ability to continue to grow both organically as well as looking at some of the newer channels that we're establishing, probably less so in the larger inorganic space right now based on what's happening in the marketplace.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, loud and clear. Appreciate the color. Maybe just switching gears for a minute to Asset Management. Do you see a path towards driving the business to closer a neutral organic growth rate longer term? And I know you touched on it on the top of the call, but what would you say are the biggest drivers to improvement to getting back there? Thanks again.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, listen, I think the Asset Management business overall has been a bit more under pressure, unless you have moved to passes or some of the alternative space and where that growth is. So in our case, what we've been doing is really transforming the business, getting a lot more efficient. We took out a lot of cost, and that will pay some dividends as we look at the flow rate that we've been experiencing. On the positive side, we see that our sales are increasing a bit on the growth side both here and Europe. We are branching out in different formats. So our model delivery, our SMAs, et cetera, that we think will be a growing part of the franchise. That business in models and SMAs have grown over $35 billion already. We think there's a bigger opportunity for us there. We are launching and have launched a number of active ETFs as the format has changed. People are starting to think moving from passive now back into ETFs more in the format of active, which I think is good as pressure has come under the mutual fund part of the segment. But we have some excellent products in the mutual fund area, four- and five-stuff funds that are really attracting some – especially in this changing environment. And we see an opportunity for us to gain a little bit more traction in Europe. But again, that will take time. I think you can see that across the industry. But we feel like there is a path forward for us in the things I've mentioned. Institutional is a little more lumpy, but we are getting many more consultant approvals. We are branching out. We have gotten some nice flows in Japan right now as we set up there. So I think that's going to be a little more lumpy, but I think over time, we'll be able to build that out in a better way.
Operator: Okay. And your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Steven, please go ahead.
Michael Anagnostakis: Hey good morning. This is Michael Anagnostakis on for Steven. I just wanted to touch on M&A here. Organic growth has been more resilient despite the industry seeing moderating flows in 2024. Some of your peers have been more optimistic that could accelerate in 2025 with a higher recruiting backlog, with better market backdrop. So how do you see organic flows playing through based on that outlook and your recruiting backlog? And do you see a near-term path to getting back to the 5%-plus level you had seen in 2022 and 2023? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, I think overall, we've seen a nice pickup in the flow picture, both new net client flow coming in, but also more flow going back into the wrap programs. We probably – as we look at it, we think that the wrap business will continue that type of flow picture as we move forward. I can't sit here to sort of say, what that looks like quarter-to-quarter just based on market conditions and changes that occur. But I think people got a little more comfortable after the election, a little more that there'll be more solid GDP growth, the idea that things are a little more from a company earnings picture and other things and the employment picture. So I would probably say, it's a positive environment there. From an idea of the pipeline for our recruits, as you saw, it was good in the fourth quarter. Our pipeline looks good going into the new year. It's a very competitive marketplace, so – yes, you sort of can't predict. But again, recruiting is only a small part of what we do. We are bringing in a lot more people in – adding to teams as well as newer people. And we also try to grow the productivity across our channel, which is very important for us. And so with our enhancements in technology, in capabilities, in our client experience, I think we're gaining some nice traction there that we think will be beneficial for us.
Michael Anagnostakis: Very helpful color. So thank you for that, Jim. And just moving over maybe one on sweep cash. Solid growth in the quarter. There are some seasonal elements. I think you had mentioned in the prepared remarks, those tend to reverse during January to some degree. Understanding we still have a day left in the month, can you give us a mark-to-market on sweep cash January to date? Thanks so much.
Walter Berman: It's Walter. It's been fairly stable from that standpoint from the endpoint of December.
Michael Anagnostakis: Got it. Thanks so much.
Walter Berman: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. John, please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. A question about Long Term Care, and there was a benefit from premium rate increases in the quarter. With the decision to retain those Long Term Care assets a quarter ago with the actuarial assumption review in those premium rate increases, should we expect a higher level of Long Term Care earnings to be borne out of Corporate? And how do we view run rate there? Thank you.
Walter Berman: Well, okay. So as we look at our benefit this year – this quarter was from claims and from getting additional benefit rate increases. We certainly have been active in – out there with pending benefit request. We have a process that it has to go through to see if it gets approved and then how we reflect it. The thing I'd say, all the fundamentals are very good, and they look good. From that standpoint, I think we're on a good trajectory, and we see it in a positive light. So can't give you an exact number on this, but the trajectory of it is good. And like I said, we’re coming into 2024, $61 million we generated is certainly a very good positive element for that, and we anticipate we'll be continuing good growth and profitability.
John Barnidge: Thank you. And my follow-up question, for the Advice & Wealth Management channel, can you talk about the alternative and product – private asset product portfolio and if that is becoming more demand by advisers? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we have added a good nice digital alternatives platform for our advisors. We've done a lot more due diligence and adding products to the platform. I would probably say on the private credit side in our channel right now, it's small and – but one that I think will start to grow. And I think there's an opportunity for us in the alternatives for our clients, particularly as our clients on the upper market start to look more for some of those product categories. So I would probably say we're at the early stages of that in our channel, but one that over time will probably add, as we add the capabilities and really have advisors start to think about where that fits in. But it's not going to be, as you would say, in an ultra-high-net-worth area, a large part of our activity, it will be part of a portfolio allocation because a lot of those assets are illiquid.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Wilma Burdis with Raymond James. Wilma, please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. Corporate costs came in a bit lighter than we expected. Some of that was the performance in LTC, but could you help us think about the first half of 2025 given the ongoing cloud conversion and severance costs? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Corporate expense, okay. As you saw, if you – we had those elements that we mentioned in the earnings release. And we do see it on, if you were basically – just for those that it's on the trajectory that you would think as go forward into 2025. That range of [indiscernible] in that range.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. So maybe something more similar to 4Q? Is that fair for early in the year?
Walter Berman: Yes, pretty much. Yes.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So it will come – we – there'll be a bit less severance coming in. And as we go through the first and second quarter, some of that technology, yes, change that we did on the transformation to the cloud for some of the mainframes, et cetera, will start to dissipate.
Walter Berman: And we'll work through it in the first and second quarter.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Thank you. And could you give us a little bit more color on how you're thinking about G&A in 2025 across the segments? Thanks.
Walter Berman: As you know, we manage G&A quite well. And certainly, we – as we looked at our programs this year and we started, you saw we've taken action on transformation to adjust the expense base as we look at processes and other changes. So we've accomplished a lot in 2024. Certainly, we're going to be continue – some of that will continue to carry over into 2025, and we're constantly looking to reengineer. As it relates to AWM, AWM certainly we're very prudent on managing our expenses, but we have expenses associated with activity and investment in growth. So it will be measured as related to looking at revenue generation. But we feel very good about our ability to certainly demonstrate – continuing the demonstration of how we manage those expenses.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. In the Asset Management business, some of the transformation that we did will move into 2025 and give us some benefit as well. So overall, from a company perspective we feel very good about how we're managing expenses. To Walter's point, we are making good investments in the business, in technology AI capabilities. We also are having volume-related, particularly as you think about AWM, where we have good growth. And part of that variable expense for that is in the G&A. So it's not something, as you would say its fixed overhead-type things.
Wilma Burdis: Certainly. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW. Ryan, please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. My first question was a follow-up on the wrap flow trends. So you saw a pretty big increase in organic growth in the fourth quarter to 8% from the more recent 6% trend. Can you comment on if that has continued at a similar pace so far in January?
Jim Cracchiolo: As we look at – January is a little because of a combination of the beginning of the month with some of the things that have occurred out there, so I would probably say things look consistent. But it's hard, January is a little at the start to the year. So it's not a perfect science for the rest of the quarter. But I don't see anything fundamental. I would probably say but January is always a hard month to take a flow from.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then on the AWM margin, the 29% in the fourth quarter following the Fed rate cuts, do you feel that's a pretty reasonable expectation going forward from here?
Walter Berman: Yes, I do.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Kenneth Lee with RBC Capital Markets. Kenneth, please go ahead.
Kenneth Lee: Hey. Thanks for taking the question and I apologies if this was covered before, but I'm just juggling a couple of calls this morning. In terms of the bank assets, the portfolio there, the bank fees were probably a little bit lower than I would have expected. Is there any kind of expectation around portfolio allocation across the assets in the business, perhaps a change in mix of fixed versus floating, and additional color over the near term? How are you thinking about that? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Sure. So listen, our mix has pretty much stayed the same. It's high quality and duration is in the 3% to 5% range. We did as I indicated, we came into the quarter with 75% on fixed at the bank, and we adjusted that to 87% fixed. So it – and it's, again, the same quality and duration. So we feel that is – we garnered good rates. So from that standpoint, that's the only change. We again in the quarter, it was a 61 basis point impact from the Fed, and the impact for the bank was almost 30-some-odd basis points based on that mix.
Kenneth Lee: Got you. Very helpful there. And just one follow-up, if I may, just on the RPS side. Fair to say that over time higher/elevated yields could translate into higher earnings over time. Just want to check in on that. And what are your expectations or outlook for the run rate earnings for 2025 there? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Yes. I think I covered that from the standpoint that certainly, we feel comfortable with the – at the bank...
Jim Cracchiolo: RPS.
Walter Berman: Excuse me?
Jim Cracchiolo: RPS.
Walter Berman: Oh, RPS. I'm sorry. On RPS, based upon the fundamentals we're seeing both – again, we had a very good sales year, which obviously reduces the earnings and certainly, from that standpoint, of course, the time to sale. But we do see the fundamentals there, good transactional growth. And so – and we're managing the – the liability base is quite solid. So I feel from that standpoint, it's a pretty solid number.
Kenneth Lee: Got it. Very helpful there. Thanks again.
Operator: We have a new question from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Oh great. Thanks so much for squeezing me in here. Just a question as we think about expense efficiency efforts that you guys have executed quite well on in recent years. Just curious how much of that would you say is attributable to deploying AI versus maybe some of the Generative AI tools. And as you look forward from here, how do you see the potential of greater deployment of those capabilities to unleash incremental expense efficiencies? Maybe you could talk about some of the use cases you see on the horizon, including maybe even AI agents. What's that journey look like for Ameriprise? And then with the recent DeepSeek announcement, it seems like maybe there could be prospects for faster, broader deployment. Just curious how you're thinking about that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we've been deploying intelligent automation, robotics for a while, and we continue to increase the number of areas that we deploy that in across the business. And so we see further opportunity for greater efficiency in that regard. We've also done a lot of work on Generative AI, and we're running a lot of different cases that we're seeing some nice benefit from that we will be growing things out further. As an example, we've already gotten a level of efficiency, but we're working now to help advisers do business more easily, more productively, identifying opportunities in their book with clients. We're working with a lot of – improving the client experience regarding our call center interactions and how we reach out to people. In Columbia, we've tested a lot in enhancing our research capabilities and utilizing that to drive efficiencies. So there's a number of things that we're looking at across. Now, you also have to recognize that we're in a highly regulated space. So we have to really look at how you use that, what information is there, et cetera, et cetera, which we do. And we have a good governance process. But as we get more learnings and more test results from what we do, we can start to expand that and roll that out further. So I think that will be something that will be added. But if you say, are you getting great efficiencies yet from it? The answer is no. But we've gotten it for the things that we've really tested and learned and deployed over time like intelligent automation, but not yet on the Generative AI. But that's been starting to be deployed now.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Audra and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s third quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’d be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP members can be found in today’s materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our third quarter 2024 earnings release, our 2023 annual report to shareholders, and our 2023 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning everyone. As you saw, we had another very good quarter building on another strong year. The business is performing quite well. In terms of the external environment, as we know, the Fed lowered interest rates for the first time since 2020 as inflation moderated. Equity markets appreciated even with short-lived spikes of volatility that occurred in the quarter and investors continue to manage uncertainty related to the U.S. election and heightened geopolitical risk. While the environment is fluid, Ameriprise is extremely well-positioned and we're helping our clients navigate what's ahead. For the quarter, assets under management and administration increased to $1.5 trillion, up 22%. And in terms of our financials adjusted for unlocking, total adjusted operating net revenue increased 11% to $4.4 billion. Earnings were up 11%, with earnings per share up 17%, excluding the severance expense and we again generated an excellent return on equity. It was 50.7% for the quarter compared to 49.6% a year ago. The power of Ameriprise comes from our client relationships and the consistent success of our complementary businesses that continue to deliver strong results. In Wealth Management, our goal-based advice value proposition is helping to drive excellent client satisfaction and practice growth. Total client assets had a new record passing the $1 trillion mark, up 26% from strong flows and markets. In fact, we had $46 billion of client net inflows over the past year including $8.6 billion in the quarter. With guidance from our advisers, clients are putting money back to work. Flows into fee-based investment advisory wrap flows were up significantly, nearly 50% to $8 billion for the quarter. This marks our highest level in more than two years. Total wrap assets reached $569 billion in the quarter, up 28% and transactional activity increased significantly, up 19% year-over-year. While cash balances overall are still elevated, we've seen some shift from term products to money market funds and there's additional opportunity for clients to redeploy their money into wrap and other solutions over time. At the bank, assets grew nicely, up 7% year-over-year to more than $23 billion. There are further opportunities to expand the bank and we're coming out with new savings and lending products next year. In addition, with supporting advisers to take advantage of our powerful CRM client meeting preparation capabilities and data-driven insights from advanced analytics and AI. As advisers uptake these capabilities even more, it should provide further growth opportunities. And Ameriprise adviser productivity growth remains among the best in the industry and increased another 11% and to a new high of $997,000 per adviser. Regarding recruiting, we had a good quarter with 71 experienced productive advisers joining the firm and we feel good about our pipeline. I'm pleased to see Ameriprise and our advisers stand out in the industry for excellent client service, leading growth, and overall quality of their practices. In fact, we had a record 21 Ameriprise advisers ranked in the Barron's Top 100 Independent Financial Advisor list that recently came out. And Ameriprise has consistently scored very well in terms of overall trust for many years. Last month, I spent time with our top advisers at the Chairman's Advisory Council Conference. They appreciate the environment we created and how it helps enable both clients and advisers alike to achieve their personal goals. They're proud to be part of Ameriprise and energized about our direction and the opportunities in front of us. In Retirement & Protection Solutions, we again drove good sales and consistent earnings. In variable annuities, our structured annuities and variable annuities without living benefits continue to attract strong interest with combined sales up 13% for the quarter. And in our Life business, we focused on variable universal life and disability products that are appropriate for this environment. Life and health sales were up 25% with the majority of sales and accumulation-focused VUL products. We've also continued to see positive results from our automated accelerated underwriting that's driving nice efficiencies and we've been named one of the most profitable insurers in past rankings. These high-quality books of business consistently generates strong free cash flow and return on capital with a differentiated risk profile. Moving to Asset Management, we're generating strong financial results as we continue to adjust the business. Assets under management increased 14% to $672 billion in the quarter. We have excellent performance across equities, fixed income and multi-asset strategies across three, five and 10-year periods, and we've seen a nice pickup in fixed income in both taxable and tax exempt. And this level of performance is reflected in the 118 4 or 5 Morningstar funds we offer globally. With regard to flows in the quarter, net outflows improved 40% year-over-year to $2.4 billion, which included about $900 million of outflows from legacy insurance partners. Retail and model delivery net outflows were better at $1.5 billion due to improved gross sales in both North America and EMEA as well as net inflows into ETFs and model delivery. We continue to evolve how we deliver our investment capabilities and over the last few years, we have successfully built out our SMA businesses with both traditional and tax-efficient strategies and we are a top 10 player in model delivery. We've also been building out our ETF business just added four active ETFs to leverage our investment strength in equity income and credit. We're beginning to gain a good level of flows in these areas, and we'll look to further expand our product line over time. And in institutional, excluding legacy insurance partners flows flat in the quarter. As we discussed, the team is very focused on positioning the business for future growth. We're driving operational improvements and making necessary adjustments that include streamlining the organization, in particular in the EMEA region. In addition, we're improving and better leveraging our processes and technology systems globally. We're redeploying these savings to invest in the areas that will drive profitable growth. Ultimately, we're focused on better positioning asset management to adapt to changing market dynamics. You can see some of the benefits in our results for the quarter that we will build upon next year. Bringing things back to the firm level, Ameriprise continues to consistently generate strong results. Our long-term record is excellent. As an example, just looking back over the last five years, we've delivered 16% compound annual growth in EPS and a return on equity consistently among the highest in the industry, and our balance sheet remains a clear and important differentiator. We're proud of the level and consistency of our results that reflect the unique combination of capabilities that we have across Ameriprise. And the operating leverage and benefits that result from our teams working together firm-wide are key to delivering our excellent client value proposition. We are one firm using the strength and activities of the business working together, and that's reflected in the consistency of the results we've delivered. Before I close, you've asked about long-term care and whether there's an opportunity to do a risk transfer at this time based on market changes. We thoroughly reviewed our options and believe that keeping the book at this this time is in the best interest of shareholders. Walter will discuss in more detail. In closing, last quarter, we shared that Ameriprise recognized 130 years in business, how we manage the firm is key to our longevity and legacy. Ameriprise regularly earns awards in the marketplace for our culture and how we operate, including being recognized among the best managed companies on the Wall Street Journal Management Top 250 list. Forbes Magazine named us as one of America's Best Large Employers, and Ameriprise has also been ranked as one of America's Greatest Workplaces for Women by Newsweek. We also earn excellent recognition with our people internally year-after-year and our annual engagement scores that we received in the quarter continue to exceed external benchmarks across industries. Across Ameriprise, we're focused on serving clients well as we continue to build, invest in, and take the business forward. I'll now ask Walter to provide his perspective in more detail on the quarter and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. The diversified nature of our business and unique leverage points between them drives our strong, consistent, profitable growth and ability to navigate stress events. Adjusted operating EPS increased 17% to $9.02 excluding unlocking, and severance expense associated with the company's initiatives to enhance operating efficiencies and effectiveness to further strengthen the client experience and future shareholder value. In addition to the severance costs, we recognized additional expense of $0.32 per share related severance [ph] program expenses and acceleration of the firm's transition to cloud-based technology platforms. Higher compensation accruals relating to strong performance and mark-to-market impacts on share-based compensation. This further demonstrates the strong underlying growth achieved in the quarter. Assets under management and administration increased 22% to $1.5 trillion, benefiting from strong client flows over the past year and equity market depreciation. This has resulted in strong 11% revenue growth across our businesses. G&A expenses continue to be well-managed and demonstrate our focus on operational efficiency and effectiveness. We continue to invest in areas that will drive future business growth, particularly in Wealth Management, while maintaining expense discipline to achieve shareholder objectives. Our returns remained strong with a consolidated margin of 27%, excluding unlocking severance expenses and a best-in-class return on equity of 51%. Balance sheet fundamentals, including excess capital and liquidity are very strong. Our diversified business model benefits from significant and stable 90% free cash flow contributions across all business segments. We returned $713 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter. In 2024, we continue to expect to return 80% of operating earnings to shareholders. On Slide 6, you will see our integrated model leverages key business linkages to drive strong and consistent operating performance. Our business model is a key driver of profitable growth for our shareholders across market cycles. Ameriprise is one company with three business segments from which we gain leverage for the whole. For example, within our open network and Wealth Management, Columbia Threadneedle and RiverSource provide important solutions to AWM clients. These relationships result in high levels of adviser and client satisfaction and retention. Another example is where we are able to leverage our asset management expertise at Columbia Threadneedle to manage the general and separate account assets for RiverSource, the bank, and certificate company and they have delivered high-quality returns with strong credit performance. These segments benefit from the leverage of our corporate functions and capabilities, which include technology, Ameriprise India, and staff group. These capabilities enhance our ability to meet client needs in an efficient manner, while driving growth and consistency across market cycles. On Slide 7, you see the strong results from Wealth Management. Total client assets grew 26% to an all-time high of $1 trillion with wrap assets up 28% to $569 billion from strong net flows and market appreciation over the past year. Wrap flows were strong in the quarter at $8 billion or 6% on an annualized flow rate. Pre-tax adjusted operating earnings increased 13% to $826 million, driven by quite strong year-over-year core wealth management earnings growth, offset by lower cash sweep earnings and margin remained strong at 30%. Adjusted operating net revenues increased 14% to $2.7 billion from growth in client assets, increased transactional activity, and a 6% increase in net investment income in the bank. This drove revenue per adviser to a new high of $997,000 up 11% from a year ago. Total cash balances, including third-party money market funds and broker CDs was $83 billion, which was over 8% of the clients' assets. Clients remain heavily concentrated in yield-oriented products with highly liquid products like money market funds being more in favor than the term products like certificates and brokered CDs. We are beginning to see clients put more money back to work in wrap and other products on our platform and we expect this to continue over time as markets and rates normalize, which creates a significant opportunity. Client cash sweep balances were stable at approximately $28 billion. Bank assets grew to $23.2 billion, providing sustainable net investment income in this forecasted lower rate environment. These trends continued in October. Adjusted operating expenses in the quarter increased 14%, with distribution expenses up 19%, reflecting business growth and increased transactional activity. G&A expenses were flat at $419 million, with higher volume-related expenses in the current quarter and a regulatory accrual in the prior year quarter. Excluding the regulatory accrual in the year ago period, G&A expenses were up 5% in the quarter, consistent with expectations. Turning to Asset Management on Slide 8. Financial results were very strong in the quarter. The AUM increased 14% to $672 billion, primarily from higher equity market depreciation. In the quarter, operating earnings were quite strong and increased 23% to $245 million and our margin reached 41%. Adjusted operating expenses increased 2%. With G&A expenses improving 2% from a year ago, reflecting initial benefits from the company's initiatives to enhance operational effectiveness and efficiency to further enhance our ability meet clients' needs. Let's turn to Slide 9. Retirement & Protection Solutions continued to deliver good earnings and free cash flow generation, reflecting the high quality of the business that has been built over a long period of time. Pre-tax adjusted operating earnings, excluding unlocking in the quarter increased 2% to $208 million, reflecting the benefit from strong markets and higher interest rates, partially offset by higher distribution expenses associated with strong sales levels. Year-to-date, pre-tax adjusted operating earnings, excluding unlocking, were $603 million, which is on pace with our expected level of approximately $800 million on an annual pre-tax basis. We completed our annual actuary assumption update in the quarter, resulting in an unfavorable pre-tax impact of $90 million, primarily related to updates to persistency assumptions for variable annuities. Our lapse assumptions is now aligned with recent experience and we are very comfortable with this level. Overall, Retirement & Protective Solutions sales improved in the quarter, with protection sales up 25% to $99 million, primarily in higher-margin VUL products. Variable annuity sales grew 13% to $1.2 billion with strong momentum in our structured product. Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 10. Balance sheet fundamentals and free cash flow generation remained strong with $2 billion of excess capital. We have diversified sources of dividends from all our businesses, enabled by strong underlying fundamentals. This supports our ability to consistently return capital to shareholders and invest for future business growth. Ameriprise's consistent capital return strategy drives long-term shareholder value. In summary, on Slide 11, Ameriprise delivered excellent growth in the third quarter, which is a continuation of our long track record to outperform our stated financial targets. Over the last 12 months, revenues grew 10%, earnings per share increased 14%, return on equity grew 110 basis points, excluding unlocking, and we returned $2.6 billion of capital to shareholders. We had similar growth trends over the past five years with 7% of revenue growth, 16% EPS compounded annual growth, return on equity improved nearly 13 percentage points, and we returned $11.9 billion of capital to shareholders. These trends are consistent over the longer term as well. Compared to most financial services companies, this differentiated performance across multiple cycles speaks to the complementary nature of our business mix as well as our focus on profitable growth. Before we move to Q&A, let me provide some additional insight into our decision to retain long-term care on Slide 12. As you are aware, we have been in the process of assessing potential risk transfer opportunities related to long-term care. In the quarter, we completed this analysis and have concluded that retaining the business is in the best interest of our shareholders. Our analysis found that there is a substantial difference in value between retaining the block and reinsuring the block. Our assessment concluded that the market for stand-alone long-term care risk transfer deals has not matured and that high-quality blocks like ours are not receiving an appropriate level of differentiation by counterparties. Our transaction will require us to include other books of business that would transfer tremendous value to a counterparty to offset unwarranted discounts applied to LTC. Let me be clear, we feel very good about the quality of our long-term care business and it has performed better than our expectations over the past several years, which we expect to continue going forward. As you have seen, the business has generated $215 million of statutory earnings over the past five years and that trend should continue. We have already seen the size of the book declined by 70% with over 75% terminating without a claim. This business will continue to run off with over two-thirds of the remaining book expected to run off over the next 10 years. This extensive experience has supported our reserve process and that process has proven very accurate. We will also be able to capture additional upside from future enhancements related to investment portfolio repositioning, premium rate increases, and other program actions to improve performance. We will maintain a strong and differentiated capital position, and we do not need to supplement our capital position with a reinsurance transaction. In summary, given the high quality of our block with $300 million of capital as well as our credible experience and confidence in our reserves, we do not believe there is a plausible scenario that could justify executing a risk transfer deal at these levels and taking on additional counterparty exposure. In closing. We had an excellent quarter and feel good about how we are positioned going forward. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Suneet Kamath at Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to start with the retail flows in Asset Management. I guess, is there -- it was interesting you have that slide that talks about the synergies across businesses. So, I guess a question is, is there anything that you're doing strategically, structurally within Asset Management and Advice Wealth Management to take advantage of the fact that you have these two businesses in terms of improving the flow outlook? And if you could give some examples, that would be helpful as well.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, Suneet, this is Jim. So, as you saw and Walter presented in the slide, the AWM business is a large distribution partner for Colombia. They've established that over many years, even in our open architecture, and they are a valued partner. And in that regard, as we focus more on growing our third-party distribution globally and as well as institutional we haven't put as much focus as we used to on the AWM business. And I think there is an opportunity that Ted and team are working on now to bring more product in to gear some of that product, especially for the type of solutions that we need. And we actually think that there is a great opportunity for him to increase his activity within the channel again. And so he's working on a combination of current solutions that he has as well as bringing other solutions to bear that we think can go on flows within the channel.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. And then just on the comment that you made about client cash moving into money market funds as opposed to the term products, what is your read in terms of what's going on there? Is it that the advisers are sort of positioning for a rotation into these other longer-duration sort of wealth wrap products? Or what do you think is going on? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, we saw like a 50% increase into wrap flows again in diversified portfolios, which includes fixed income. And so it's a nice rebalancing occurring there and flow increase. And so what we did see just more broadly is a move out of brokered CDs and certificates, even though the cash levels didn't go down in total, it moved into money markets. And what that says is really the people aren't going to -- are locking less up into those, what I would call just pure interest-earning assets and into vehicles that then they could possibly move back into things like wrap or other fixed income products that have longer duration.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Blostein at Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey everybody. Good morning. Thank you for the question. I was hoping you guys could talk about your outlook for cash revenues within AWM in totality. So, I know in the past, you kind of referred to bank more on a stand-alone basis and Jim, you made some comments earlier this morning regarding kind of ways you could still aim to kind of keep NII stable to growing within the bank. But maybe just expand that a little bit and we think about the certs business, the bank, the broker-dealer or the third party like kind of putting it together given the forward curve trajectory and current cash balances, what are your thoughts for the revenue trends there for 2025?
Walter Berman: Well, as I indicated, it's Walter. For the bank, yes, on the revenue trends and the net interest income, we do see that is going to be stable -- or would actually increase and we feel very good about that positioning. We do see, as Jim mentioned, certainly, we're hoping that money will stop moving, and we believe it will, from the third party -- money market and third-party CDs. And we are probably you'll see some continued softening in CDs depending on again how drastic the rate is. But overall, I think the bulk of our earnings coming from the -- will be from the bank, and certainly sweep will be impacted as the rates come down, but -- and the certs, and then hopefully we will get that rotation out of the money market and third-party CDs to will go back into product.
Jim Cracchiolo: And Alex, from the bank perspective, we will be launching bank CDs that would be another cash alternative where clients are holding cash out in the banks, we'll be offering a fixed loan pledge this quarter. We'll also be launching HELOCs at the beginning of next year and putting in checking accounts later in the year. So, again, that could bring more cash activities from current bank accounts that our clients are holding to having more cash here as well that they can utilize or save. So, those things, again, will be gradual builds, but I think they'll be nice and complementary. And we think we can garner both savings as well as lending activities from our clients because we know they have a lot out there, and they have a lot of lending and loan books that we can take in.
Alex Blostein: I got you. That makes sense. Thanks guys for that. For my follow-up, I wanted to spend a minute on the Asset Management business margins and the G&A expense trajectory there. So, you guys are on track, I think, for a second year in a row of declining expenses in that business. Speaking to the efficiencies, obviously, that you talked about, despite record market and your record AUM levels pushing margins, I think, to 40% plus now. How sustainable do you think this level of profitability is in this segment? Maybe give us a sense of how you think the additional efficiencies you still expect in that business to impact the G&A dollars in that segment over the next, call it, several quarters to a year?
Walter Berman: Sure. Again, it's Walter. So, looking at the actions we take on transformation, and the impact it's had in 2024. We certainly see that will continue in 2025. And again, I can't predict where the markets will be, but based on our controllables that we've taken action on and improve the and at the same time, include our client servicing with. That I think you could see margins certainly stay with good market staying at the 8% levels, probably be in the 35 to 39 range for sure.
Alex Blostein: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Wilma Burdis at Raymond James.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. I guess you guys are on track for kind of 80% capital return this year. Can you walk us through how you think about that level for 2025 and beyond? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Well, right now, we're talking for 2024 that we'll be at 80%, and we believe based on certainly, as we project the market that probably is a good number that you should use for next year.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Capital position, the excess has built up again. And so we have flexibility as we go into 2025, depending on market circumstances and other opportunities.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. And then what would you consider a good run rate for corporate expenses? I think it was -- you guys previously said around $85 million to $90 million, but it sounds like there's some cloud conversion and some other little things. So, maybe just talk a little bit about that. Thanks.
Walter Berman: So as we go through it, obviously, the severance, which we probably should end on the problem [ph] have no later than the first quarter. And we've made our investments in the cloud and our mainframes to improve on that. Once we -- and that should last probably in over two quarters, maybe three. But we should return to the probably the $90 million range, and you should assume in that once we get through that.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Chubak at Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning, Jim and Walter. I wanted to start off with a question on the expense outlook. Just imagine you're already thinking through the budgeting process for next year. I was hoping you could offer a bit of a sneak-peek just on how we see to be thinking about the G&A growth outlook as well as both at the AWM on an enterprise level. And just given some signs that flows are inflecting in AWM, are you looking to ramp up investment versus that current baseline?
Walter Berman: Well, on the flows list, I think we're following what the industry are. The good news is on the wrap as Jim has indicated. So but on the expense is probably a good gauge. Again, like I mentioned, the severance and the investment we're making in the cloud, it probably in that flattish range and probably again, with the growth investment in AWM, probably in the 4% to 5% range is a good thinking.
Steven Chubak: And at the enterprise level, just more broadly?
Walter Berman: Enterprise will be probably closer to flat. Again, talking about -- we're talking now -- mentioning excluding the severance aspect and the investment in the cloud, but in that range.
Steven Chubak: Got it. And just for a follow-up on the competitive landscape in AWM. I know that's something that you have flagged just as a source of pressure on flow trends. It's certainly nice to see some inflection in the quarter. Just hoping you could just offer some perspective on the competitive landscape, cost to acquire SAs. As rates have risen, we've certainly seen TA rates move higher commensurate with that. I want to get your perspective just on the cost to acquire. Do you expect that to come down as rates decline? Do you anticipate that's going to be a potential tailwind to recruiting activity looking on to next year?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, I would probably say, yes, with the extra spread, I think people are utilizing and some people to actually goose up their packages, et cetera. And I think it's a bit frothy. I think as that starts to temper, I think you'll maybe see some adjustment in what people may be doing. From our perspective, we continue to get good quality people. The books are a little larger, even though the number of count has come down. And we feel good about what we're doing and how we're doing it. But I do believe that with the markets and other things that people are paying up a bit more today than maybe is appropriate.
Steven Chubak: That's helpful perspective. Thanks very much for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler at Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone. So, my first question is on the recruiting front. So, the adviser count declined in the quarter, but given that retention levels look pretty strong and you felt good with the 71 adviser additions, can you talk about what drove the sequential decline? And if you expect adviser growth to reaccelerate in 4Q?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we think that the adviser growth will get back to track. We had some additional and as we continue to work through productivity, some lower some on the teams and some turnover in the AFA things as advisers start to adjust their practices a bit more. But there's nothing major or abnormal there that we see.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And then I want to come back to the long-term care book commentary and how your view of value differs in the private markets. So, I'm curious, like what type of entities are or would bid for reinsuring or acquiring the long-term care block? And how robust is the market for long-term care today? I can't see many public insurers bidding for that? And does that market include alternative asset manager models, private insurers and public life insurers?
Walter Berman: Well, I can only comment what we've been exposed to. So, again, it's -- as we indicated, we went through discussions, which certainly reinsurers that are well known. And we've evaluated on both fronts, as I indicated, looking at LTC first, looking at both and then looking at LTC alone. I can just say for it is -- it's not a mature market and certainly, we're seeing from that standpoint, the results that we have engaged with that it's just not beneficial. So, I am not going to comment on the depth of the market. It's the ones that we deal with our certainly well known in the industry, and we just don't see the value creation.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, there are some private equity type partners, et cetera. firms, but they partner with reinsurers. The reinsurance market is not very large for this book -- these type of books. And they're applying a very large gross discount because it is a very immature that it's not their core type of business. And they do want to match it up with good other quality books that would -- you would have to give up good earnings for. And when you put it together, it looks really more positive, but it's the proceeds rather than the actual underneath. And from that, don't get me wrong, there's an opportunity that people need capital or if they have the want to trade off those things. From my perspective, our value is there. They even admitted that we that we wouldn't necessarily look to make sense for us at this point based on market. And feel very good about maintaining it based on our results and our track record.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Thomas Gallagher at Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Hey, just first a follow-up on long-term care. I hear what you're saying on the bid/ask, particularly given that it's profitable for you. But just out of curiosity, there was a precedent transaction, Manulife did a deal that was according to them a negative 8% fee. So, they had to pay money to get rid of it. Is that sort of a line in the sand that you wouldn't be willing to go for? Like absorbing a loss or a stand-alone LTC far worse than that? I just want to get a sense for your perception of what price was too high for you? Because I do think from a management distraction standpoint, if it was a modest loss, that might still be a reasonable trade-off.
Walter Berman: Tom, let me try and address it this way. When we've analyzed our book, we're not talking about a loss. We're talking about all factors considered, it's contributing, right? And we feel very confident in that. Obviously, reinsurers have different objective sets, which, again, would certainly work for them, but not for us. And but the starting point is the value of our book is not a distraction, it's actually very additive to our shareholder value at this stage and certainly we feel confident in our ability to manage it, and we've been managing it for years. And as we've certainly gone over and discussed over many years, and you've seen the results of it. So we feel confident it's a positive for us and that it created a negative with the reinsurance approach. And so we're -- that's where we're basically positioning right now.
Jim Cracchiolo: And Tom, you're asking a very good question. From our perspective, not only wrong, we looked at the -- whether there was an opportunity to do this because we know it's always a question you and others have. And to be very honest with you, as I looked and even challenged to do something like this, the difference in value was just too large. The book is a very mature book. It does not require a lot of management to extract, we have the resources as far as managing the rest of the life company. We've been able to take good rate. We're adjusting how we even handle claims that we think will be greater efficiencies going forward. The book is running off, it's very mature. Even when originally some of these concerns with some other books have heard a number of years ago, there was a question, our book showed improvement. We actually even built discretionary reserves that we have not taken back and have flexibility on. So, what I'm just driving that is what you would have to give up on earning books on the Life business as an offset that would take future earnings out in combinations to our earning on this book, plus the idea that they will take more gross discounts because it's not a market that they have a lot in it, and they'll do it as an accommodation, so to speak, against other books, it just doesn't make sense for us. Maybe some others, it does for what they need is what they -- how they're thinking about it. But if I had any concern about what's in that book or that there would be any potential impact, I would handle that. And -- but even if there were minor things, it will be over time, very small against what we do and what we have. So, I really don't think it's an issue that shareholders have to worry about.
Walter Berman: The only thing I would add to that is just -- and then, of course, we've been taking on counterparty exposure, which is not even into the formula. So all things considered, as Jim said, this makes sense and a high confidence basis do you retain?
Thomas Gallagher: No, that all makes sense to me, everything has a price. But yes, I -- particularly given that its profitable and you probably have a release of capital in addition to that, when you think about future cash flows, that all makes sense. Just one quick follow-up. I think the increase in excess capital was pretty sizable this quarter. I think it went up by $300 million. Was there anything unusual going on that that drove this quarter?
Walter Berman: No, the only thing is -- again, we pay out at [indiscernible] earnings. So, that was the major contributor to it, that was ins and outs. But really, it's on a very sound footing. And we feel there's nothing really unique in there. Certainly track the way we thought.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we're generating the $90 million, we paid out the $80 million. And again, it gives us flexibility as we move forward.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kenneth Lee at RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Hey, thanks for taking my question and good morning. Just one quick follow-up on the LTC block here. I'm curious if a meaningful change in the rate environment could change your thinking down the line? Thanks.
Walter Berman: No, we've certainly invested out where right now where the books are hitting level where certainly will go into more payout on that basis. So, we feel very good about that, and we took advantage of that. So no, the answer is no.
Kenneth Lee: Okay, great. Very helpful there. And one quick follow-up. On the integrated model slide that you have there between Asset Management, Advice Wealth Management, and the RiverSource there. Is the -- is there any expectation that longer term, you could potentially see more synergies, for example, between the various insurance products and the asset management side, perhaps even augmenting some of the asset management capabilities over time to better capture that? Just curious in terms of your thinking that? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And so part of what people don't really understand, and that's really the nature of the company because everyone breaks it down to a segment. But if you look at the type of relationships we have with the client, the solutions that we provide and how we manage those assets on that behalf is all leverage together in a positive way. And so from that, we have a very strong return because of the depth of the relationship and how we use those type of capabilities. So, the Asset Management capabilities, how we hedge all those things are part of what Walter's from a corporate does as well as with the RiverSource business management of the assets, including the bank right now are run by the fixed income department of Colombia. And so all those capabilities are there and Colombia gets management fees, the RiverSource company gets the benefit of those capabilities rather than sending them out to other players. They manage BAW portfolios, they manage our EPN, and all the asset roll-ups and balancing on those different asset allocation models. And the AWM gets the benefit of a good solution with a good benefit at a very good price because of the synergies that we can put to bear there. So, for us, that's why there's a real complementary nature rather than just the separate little distinct businesses. And remember, the Asset Management business grew out of being a proprietary manager for Ameriprise as the AWM resource and solution set. In fact, the distribution was actually the distribution for the product manufacturers. And I turned that into a wealth manager that really lives and breathes on its own, but the solution sets embedded or complement even in an open architecture that we have.
Kenneth Lee: Got you. Very helpful there. Thanks again.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Krueger at KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I had a couple of follow-ups. One, Walter, when you said you expected total company G&A expenses to be flattish. Was that a 2024 comment or is that a 2025 comment?
Walter Berman: 2025 comment but actually, for 2024, it's going to be the same pretty much.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And then I guess when we think about 2025 is that on a headline basis, flat, including 2024 that includes the severance costs and other things like that?
Walter Berman: Well, in 2025 -- yes, that was including the severance. But in 2025, there will be some severance, but it will be a lower level than I anticipate it will be at a lower level. But those numbers, again, that's why I'm hedging a little because it -- in the main, it should be in that range.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And then just coming back to the -- just wanted to come back to the bank. I believe about a third of the assets are floating rate. So, I would think with short-term rates coming down and expected to come down further, there would at least be some pressure on the spread income from the bank. Is the offset just growing the assets or can you talk a little bit more what makes you feel confident that it can still be stable?
Walter Berman: Well, it will come down. But yes, we've repositioned the book and we've recently repositioned the book with a long-term. Its duration is saying over 3 and from that standpoint. So, yes, it will come down, but the what we're on the floating, we're earning a pretty large premium on. So, it will still preserve itself. And I think we -- like I said, we will -- our net interest income should be higher. I mean we'll get maturities coming through, and we will be adding to it.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: We'll move next to Michael Cyprys at Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just coming back to the $2 billion excess capital position, available for deployment. I imagine that continues to build if the expectation is that you'll pay out 80% of earnings. So, maybe you could speak to some of the priorities for how you're thinking about potentially deploying that excess over what period of time? What's the sort of appetite to sit that excess capital position for how long? And maybe you could comment on some of the strategic type of M&A conversations you're having and where M&A could be most additive to the business today?
Jim Cracchiolo: Have a lot of parts to that question. So, what we have done really is we were going through this market cycle, not knowing the environment. We feel like actually, we're one of the highest returns out there compared to anybody today and 80% is a substantial amount. What we've just done is looked at the environment. We replenished some of the excess capital at a level. We have the alternative as we move into 2025 of whether we if the market environment is good, whether we take up that buyback a bit more, whether we look at some opportunities depending on what happens in the market and values for inorganic or we will further look at how we adjust the business and redeploy in other ways. So, it gives us a good level of flexibility, but we're not at a low level of return. And so let's look at it as an opportunity and then we can decide how we utilize it based on a combination of factors, including the environment.
Walter Berman: Yes. So, the only thing I would add is, obviously, to the previous quarter will increase the bank, which obviously will require capital. We're certainly investing as we've incurred $73 million of severance and also probably $25 million, $30 million of additional expense to drive that. So, that's investments, which we'll get paid back for from that standpoint. And we are also investing in seed. As Jim has mentioned, the Asset Management is certainly launching multiple products and so there's investments being made even though we're growing the excess, and we'll just keep on evaluating that as we deploy.
Michael Cyprys: Great. And then just a bigger picture follow-up question. Just as we think about longevity trends, people living longer concerns that people may outlive their [indiscernible]. Just curious how you see the opportunity set for your integrated business. How your product set might evolve and change to better address accumulation needs from an aging population and how the client experience may also continue to evolve?
Jim Cracchiolo: Excellent question. We have a number of new product initiatives and solutions underway that we think will both help our advisers to manage the totality of their portfolios with clients, offering a lot more flexibility in how they manage, reallocate, balance, et cetera. We are in the process of developing products for the longevity to your point, for retirement income and how they will draw down and what gives them the optimal formula for that. And again, those will come from the combination of our capabilities that we have and the knowledge we have with the relationships with our clients. So, those are actually things that we're investing in, that we're developing and we'll come to market with over the next year or so. So, I think there will be good opportunity based on how we actually go to market with the advice value proposition and the solution set and how we look at the clients' life goals and as well as factor in their longevity. What they need to accumulate, what's probably from a qualified and qualified as well as from a tax benefit for how they can draw down.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to John Barnidge at Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. Appreciate the slides on the risk transfer analysis in the presentation. My question is focused there. When you talk about with coupling other business, did that consider a full sale of RiverSource within that analysis or was it limited to liabilities in the corporate segment-only?
Walter Berman: The analysis that we get on long-term care, that was only for a reinsurance of long-term care to answer your question. And it was -- again, it would have included or thought about some transfer on the life books.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. The -- but those all were best reinsurance transaction.
John Barnidge: That's helpful. Thank you. And then my follow-up, can you talk about the directionality of distribution expense in AWM, with the rate cycle having changed and expected maybe shifting in products over the near and intermediate term? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, from a distribution expense really embedded in our G&A is the actual volume increases including where we run SMAs and pay for asset managers and other things. So, that's all in the G&A. So, if we strip that out, G&A is actually quite good, flat. So, the volume increases are in the G&A, including things like FDIC insurance, I mean, you name it. So, what I would probably say is we feel very good about the G&A based on what we've made as adjustments. That includes that we are reinvesting nicely in solution set and capability and technology, et cetera. So, we've been able to actually redeploy re-engineer, transform in a sense of how we're using technology, AI, analytics, et cetera, robotics, use of [indiscernible], et cetera. So, we're very active in what we're doing, so that we continue to make good investments and maintain good margins.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Brennan Hawken at UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Sneaking in under the wire. Thanks for taking my question this morning. So, a couple of questions thinking about the bank. So, when I think about ways to protect spread regardless of rate environment, I often think of lending, and we've seen other wealth management firms note a pickup and particularly the pledge loan product with rates coming down. We know that you've seen some decent growth in pledge loans since they bottomed in mid-2023, but have you seen an acceleration in engagement in that product since the Fed cut rates recently? And should we also continue to expect the strong resi mortgage growth that you've been seeing in recent quarters to continue?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, we do see a nice pickup in pledge. We are launching even a fixed pledge product in complement to what we had, which we also know was our advisers were asking for, and that's out in the marketplace and a good portion of what's done in the business. We know that this was a new business for us, and we're underpenetrated compared to others that have those products and solutions. And so we think that, that can continue to further expand. We will be launching HELOCs next year, and we think there's a good opportunity years ago when we had the bank, we launched HELOCs. We built a nice portfolio in that so we think we can continue to do that. We're actually working with another provider of mortgages that we're transferring that we think, again, that could further expand. So there are a number of things that we feel good about to grow the lending part of the book.
Brennan Hawken: Great, yes. I remember your comments on new products, helpful. Okay. For my second question, just basically closing out with one final one here on the long-term care decision. So, I'd like to take a different perspective here. The business model that you that you guys have is different than other wealth management firms in have this insurance business. And from my perspective in talking with capital markets investors, the insurance business is not one where they're focused on the return profile or the cash flows or whatever, it's very often an obstacle to buy the stock. And so what I would say and ask intended and utterly the most respectful way, is whether or not you considered the idea that eating a bit of a loss on this and sure, you got to take some counterparty risk correspondingly, but it reduces what can be a hurdle to a lot of investors when they consider investing in Ameriprise versus considering other wealth management firms, firms from like Raymond James, LPL, Stifel that might have different risks, but they are lacking this long-term care book that is so challenging. And while I get it yours is the best house, it is still a really bad block. So how did that come into the equation and the mathematics behind that consideration? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, very clearly, I think, again, and that may be what is not fully understood. So, at Ameriprise as you look at the total of the company, and we've looked at this since we've been public, we have been the best-performing shareholder return in financials of the S&P 500. We have over all these cycles, including through financial crisis outperformed. Any segment, individual asset managers and the federal wealth management's, individual life companies. You put it all together, you get a very strong consistent return at lower volatility. In addition to that, our insurance businesses that generate over $800 million of free cash flow every year used to buy back stock has not been in any way or hurt or hindrance or a roadblock to generate good returns. In addition to that, it's a very clear and appropriate solution for our client that actually keeps good retention of the client. And even where you would say, okay, long-term care is not a good segment of it. We closed that book over 25 years ago roughly. It's a mature book, it's generating value. And having said that, there's only $300 million of capital to it, okay? And we have extra discretionary that came up through the combination of the last few years. So, what I would just say is if someone is looking at that as a hindrance, let me just go, you have some pressure in markets, you have some pressure in interest rates, et cetera, from where it is. Wealth Managers aren't going to going to hurt. We're not going to hurt as a company. We're outperform. So, I would just say you've got a strong growth business, high returns. You've got a 50% return on equity compare it to some of your wealth managers that you're talking about, look at taking cash spread around away and see what you get. So, I would say I would probably have that discussion with your investors, and I'm happy to do it personally.
Walter Berman: Its Walter, let me -- what you started your premise on was exactly the basis in which we entered into the evaluation. About the drag that would have on potential shareholder reaction. So, we looked at every aspect, knowing that factor. And all the elements that I listed in the presentation and evaluating that bid/ask and the fact these are our clients and the counterparty exposures that are created, which, again, certainly is an issue that we have to consider. We could not, in clear conscience really take an action that in every aspect we analyze it would generate shareholder value in the long run.
Jim Cracchiolo: Let me add one other thing. We didn't do this on our own. We worked with very well-known tankers. I won't mention the names of a number of firms, and I will tell you that was there also recommendation that we keep it compared to what it is, what's out there and from a shareholder perspective to you behind because I've asked those questions explicitly.
Brennan Hawken: Got it.
Jim Cracchiolo: Hope that answers your question.
Brennan Hawken: It does. I didn't mean to kick the hornet's nest right with the last question on the call.
Jim Cracchiolo: Not kicking, I think, honestly, we understand that perceived, but I would just ask people to look through the perceived to the reality of it and to be very honest, I am here to generate excellent returns for shareholders. I'm here to keep my people highly engaged and give them an opportunity, and I'm here for my clients. And so I -- 130 years, I don't take lightly. I've been running the company for over 25 now. And I've done everything in that regard, not for the idea that I have invested opinion on something that I would not challenge.
Walter Berman: So, the only thing I'll lay it because what your premise was certainly valid. But when we look at auto and home, and we disposed of that. We did our fixed annuity. We went in on the premise of ensuring shareholder value. So, we have certainly taken risk off. This is one when analyzing it made no sense to do.
Jim Cracchiolo: And let me -- if the market matures in a way or there's more of an appetite from reinsurers, Walter and I will be the first one that will evaluate that for an opportunity. I will look strategically at the business and I do that every year, every quarter. So, I'm not fighting you. I've asked the same questions. I'm challenged with the same, but I would just tell you, I'm not making this decision because I don't think it's the right decision to make. I'm making it because I think it is the right decision at this juncture at this time.
Brennan Hawken: Yes. Thanks. That was the spirit of the question, and I think you addressed it thoroughly. So, thanks for sharing.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Briana, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Second Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me to Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our second quarter 2024 earnings release, our 2023 annual report to shareholders, and our 2023 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Any of the management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone. As you saw in our release, Ameriprise delivered another strong quarter and first half of the year, continuing our record of delivering strong operating results over many years in operating environments. Looking at the external landscape in the quarter, markets continue to be good with the expectation that there will be a soft landing. While inflation remains sticky, people assume that it's going to come down. However, that could take longer than expected. And there is also the ongoing geopolitical instability and the upcoming U.S. election. So all of this is top of mind for our clients. With that as a backdrop, our second quarter results were excellent. In terms of our operating results, revenues were up 9% from positive business results in markets and in fact, reached a new record of $4.2 billion. Earnings were also excellent with EPS, excluding disclosed severance costs increasing 17% to $8.72. This is also a new high. We also generated free cash flow of 90% and returned another $693 million to shareholders, and our return on equity was nearly 50% and continues to be best-in-class. Our assets under management administration were $1.4 trillion, up 12% year-over-year with good client net inflows and market appreciation. We have also been adept at maintaining a significant investment agenda that is complemented by our strong reengineering discipline for reinvestment. We freed up additional resources, which is why you're seeing some additional severance costs in the quarter that we will benefit from through the year. In fact, G&A was down 2%, excluding those onetime costs. In wealth management, we're building on what we know works, quality engagement centered on advise and delivered through the Ameriprise client experience. Client satisfaction remains excellent at 4.9 out of 5 stars, and we continue to receive important industry accolades. Total client assets in wealth management was strong at $972 billion, up 17%. We're also attracting new clients in the $500,000 to $5 million range. Our most recent research underscores that our premium client value proposition continues to appeal to people who want to work with a trusted advisor and a trusted firm like Ameriprise and advise relationship. For the quarter, total client wrap assets reached $535 billion, an increase of 18%. Wrap flows also grew nicely, up 34% year-over-year to $7.5 billion, and transactional activity was also up, increasing 19% from a year ago. Cash balances though still at a higher level, are beginning to ship back to wrap and other products, which represent a future growth opportunity for us. We continue to provide exceptional support and capabilities for our advisers, both satisfaction and growth remain excellent. Productivity increased another 11% to $968,000 in the quarter. We're focused on leveraging our integrated and effective CRM engagement tools and digital capabilities for client deepening and acquisition to complement in-person interactions. We're also using automation and analytics to drive efficiency, helping advisors enhance personalization based on client needs and identifying new growth opportunities. Our advisor force grew to nearly 10,400 in the quarter. We added another 52 experienced advisers, and we feel good about our pipeline as well as our differentiated value proposition. At Ameriprise, total assets were up year-over-year, and we closed the quarter at $23 billion. Strong contributions from bank earnings drove a nice increase in net investment income. We continue to have good advisor and client interest in lending with notable growth in pledge loan volumes as our advisors engage their clients in our banking solutions. During the quarter, I've spent time with the top 10% of our advisor force at our largest recognition conference. They appreciate what we built together and that Ameriprise is not just another firm or a group of practices, but that we have a supportive and caring culture that helps them have highly successful practices. And our retirement protection businesses are consistent contributor to our positive results. As our advisors provide more advice, they're appropriately incorporating annuity insurance solutions to serve clients' complex needs. We're driving good sales in our targeted areas. For example, structured annuity sales were up 60% from a year ago, and in insurance, VUL sales were up 24%. RPS continues to add nicely to our overall earnings and free cash flow, and we continue to feel very good about our product mix and position. In asset management, clearly, the active industry remains dynamic. Our team remains focused on client needs and generate an attractive investment performance. Total assets under management increased 4% to $642 billion as market appreciation more than offset net outflows. We continue to have good investment performance across asset classes and time periods. Globally, 68% of our funds are above the median for the 3-year period on an asset-weighted basis with nearly 80% for 5 years and 90% for 10 years. We also have 114 4- and 5-star Morningstar-rated funds globally. Turning to flows. Total outflows were $4 billion, improving $1.3 billion from a year ago. Excluding the legacy insurance partner asset transfer, which came through both in retail and institutional channels. In retail, overall, we had improvement in gross sales up $1 billion from last year with a slight improvement in redemptions. Though we're in net outflows, our equity results are outpacing the industry, and we see an opportunity to gain more flows in fixed income. Institutional flows were slightly positive in the quarter, driven primarily from wins in the APAC region. And we're putting additional emphasis on models, SMAs and ETFs are beginning to gain traction. We continue to focus on transforming our global asset management business to gain greater operational efficiencies, leveraging resources and technology globally. You saw that our G&A expenses decreased 6% in the quarter, and we have a number of additional actions underway to further derive benefits throughout the year. In Asset Management, we're maintaining good fee levels and good margins. At Ameriprise, our model and overall firm has enabled us to perform very well over market and environmental cycles. We continue to leverage our global capabilities as well as steadily invest in technology, digital, analytics, AI, products and solutions across our complementary businesses. And in June, we efficiently recognized our 130th anniversary and we're one of a select number of public companies with this legacy of success and performance. Our ROE of 50% is consistently among the best. Ameriprise has been the #1 performer for TSR, among the S&P 500 Financials since our spin-off in 2005 and we continue to deliver excellent returns and returns to shareholders in a significant way. Looking forward, we have the right strategic focus, growth investments, a talented team and a meaningful opportunity to drive greater growth. Now Walter will provide additional color on our financials. Walter?
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Adjusted operating EPS grew 17% to $8.72, adjusted for $0.19 of severance expense associated with the company's reengineering initiatives, reflecting earnings growth across all of our businesses. The diversified nature of our businesses drive our consistent financial performance across market cycles and sets us apart from most new financial services industry. Assets under management and administration increased 12% to $1.4 trillion, benefiting from strong client flows over the past year and equity market appreciation. This has resulted in strong 9% revenue growth across our businesses. As you know, we continue to manage expenses tightly to maintain strong margins. G&A expenses were down 2%, excluding severance expenses, demonstrating our continued focus on reengineering and operational transformation. We continue to selectively invest in areas that will drive future business growth, particularly in wealth management. We will maintain our expense discipline in 2024 to achieve growth and shareholder objectives. Our returns remained strong with a consolidated margin of 27.4%, excluding severance expenses and a best-in-class return of equity of 50%. Balance sheet fundamentals, including excess capital and liquidity remain very strong. Our diversified business model benefits from significant and stable 90% free cash flow contribution across all business segments. We returned $693 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter. In 2024, we continue to expect to return 80% of operating earnings to shareholders. On Slide 6, you'll see the strong results from Wealth Management. Client and wrap assets increased 17% and 18%, respectively, from strong net flows and market appreciation over the past year. Wrap flows were strong in the quarter, at $7.5 billion or a 6% annualized flow rate. In the quarter, adjusted operating net revenues increased 13% to $2.6 billion from growth in client assets increased transactional activity and 11% increase in net investment income in the bank. This drove revenue per advisor to a new high of $968,000, up 11% from a year ago. Total cash balances, including third-party money market funds and brokered CDs were $81.9 billion, which was over 8% of clients' assets. As clients remain heavily concentrated in yield-oriented products with highly liquid products like money market funds being more in favor than term products like certificates and brokered CDs. We are beginning to see clients put money back to work and wrap and other products on our platform, and we expect this to continue over time as markets and rates normalize, which creates a significant opportunity. Cash balances, excluding money market funds and brokered CDs, were $40.6 billion driven by normal seasonal tax patterns and the transition of cash related to Comerica partnership in other products. Underlying cash sweep was stable in the quarter as expected, and that trend continues in July. I want to provide some additional perspective on sweep cash. Our cash sweep is a transaction account for money in motion that is in between investments or for cash to pay fees, which is similar to a bank checking account. Cash sweep is not meant to be an investment option for significant cash balances over extended periods. We have a broad range of higher-yielding products available for clients seeking to hold cash over extended periods, which is where a large portion of the excess cash has gone. As a result, our clients generally have very low cash rebalances, which are now approximately $6,000 on average. At this point, we do not anticipate any changes in our approach to cash sweep. Adjusted operating expenses in the quarter increased 13%, with distribution expenses of 17%, reflecting business growth, including Comerica and increased transactional activity. G&A expenses were flat at $409 million, reflecting investments for business growth, offset by reengineering initiatives. This combination of revenue growth and well-managed expenses resulted in a business sustaining an operating margin of 31%. Turning to Asset Management on Slide 7. Financial results were very strong in the quarter, and we continue to manage the business well through a challenging environment for active Asset Management. Total AUM increased 4% to $642 billion, primarily from higher equity market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows. In the quarter, operating earnings increased 35% to $218 million as a result of equity market appreciation and disciplined expense management, which more than offset the cumulative impact of net outflows and margin was 38%, reflecting strong market appreciation and expense discipline. Adjusted operating expenses decreased 2% with general and administrative expenses down 6% from a year ago, reflecting the benefits from comprehensive expense management initiatives taken to date. We are looking globally, especially in EMEA, to enhance operating efficiency and manage expenses so we are well positioned going forward. Let's turn to Slide 8. Retirement & Protection Solutions continued to deliver good earnings and free cash flow generation, reflecting the high quality of the business that has been built over a long period of time. Pretax adjusted operating earnings in the quarter increased 4% to $196 million, reflecting the benefit from strong markets and higher interest rates, partially offset by higher distribution expenses associated with strong sales levels. Overall, Retirement & Protection Solutions sales improved in the quarter, with protection sales up 21% to $93 million, primarily in higher-margin VUL products Variable annuity sales grew 45% to $1.4 billion, with strong momentum in our structured products. Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 9. Balance sheet fundamentals and free cash flow generation remains strong with growth in excess capital to $1.7 billion. We have diverse sources of dividends from all our businesses enabled by strong underlying fundamentals. This supports our ability to consistently return capital to shareholders and invest for future business growth. In the last year, we returned $2.6 billion of capital to shareholders, including $693 million in the quarter. Ameriprise consistent capital return drives long-term shareholder value. Now let's finish with Slide 10. Ameriprise delivered excellent growth in the second quarter which is a continuation of our long track record across market cycles and our commitment to profitable growth. Over the last 12 months, revenues grew 10%, earnings per share increased 15% and ROE grew 90 basis points, excluding unlocking, and we returned $2.6 billion of capital to shareholders. We had similar growth trends over the past 5 years with $0.07 revenue growth, 16% EPS compounded annual growth, return on equity improvement nearly 13 percentage points, and we returned $11.9 billion of capital to shareholders. These trends are consistent over the longer term as well. Compared to most financial services companies, this differentiated performance across multiple cycles speaks to the complementary nature of our business mix as well as our focus on profitable growth. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Suneet Kamath from Jefferies is online with your first question.
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to start with the cash sweep commentary, Walter. So it doesn't sound like you're planning on making any big changes, but I know in the past, you've said that's always subject to the competitive environment. Obviously, we've seen a handful of companies take some actions on their cash sweep rate. So I guess the question is I'm trying to reconcile those 2. Is it that the moves that those peers are making are sort of catching up to you? Or is your sort of client account size different that you're just not experiencing the same need to make those changes?
Walter Berman: Okay. And I guess let me start -- as you know, we operate within regulatory and fiduciary standards. I -- and therefore, we feel certainly looking at sweep in its transactional aspect of cash and motion, it's totally appropriate and aligned. I can't really comment on what is -- what's taking place with the wirehouses. I don't understand it. I really -- I think we -- all I know is what we do from that standpoint and all the actions we have taken to ensure that the money is in sweep is really for transactional purposes, and it's at the levels you know that we -- the majority of it is in under 100,000 -- account balances are under $6,000. Our rates are competitive, and we keep the appropriate level of cash that we think is necessary to operate. So that is the focus of us, and we feel very comfortable with that. And obviously, we'll evaluate things as it goes, but we -- looking at what we have today, we think it's totally appropriate.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. And then just another one on the bank. So I think maybe at the fourth quarter call, Walter, you said you expected bank NII would be higher in '24 than '23, which seems to be the case year-to-date. But then you also made a comment about '25. Just wondering if you think that you could continue to see bank NII growth as we move into '25 over '24, and maybe unpack some of the underlying drivers.
Walter Berman: As I remember what I said, clearly, '24 over '23, but I still believe it was slow, but yes, but the net interest income should be higher. That statement I think it's still valid.
Suneet Kamath: And the drivers there.
Walter Berman: Well, the driver is, obviously, we're investing over 6%. And so we feel that as maturities and our short duration, that it will give us that momentum. And we are adding, but we'll obviously be measured, but we're adding.
Operator: Ryan Krueger with KBW is on with your next question.
Ryan Krueger: First one was just, can you disclose how much of your client cash is specifically held in your wrap advisory accounts?
Walter Berman: It's about $12 billion.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Okay. Great. And then I guess another question was just on recruiting. Your experience recruits have slowed down a bit year-to-date. Can you comment on what you're seeing from a competitive environment for hiring experienced advisors? And just kind of any thoughts on why the slowdown, and your expectations for the rest of the year.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. We sort of, again, a bit of a slowdown as into the second quarter. We can't tell you exactly why it looks like people would stay in put a little bit based on markets, et cetera, and moving into the -- I guess, into the seasonal. We see a good pickup in our pipeline again. And so we think that will improve as we go forward. But other than that, speaking to the team, that's really what they saw. .
Operator: Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So I wanted to go back to your comments regarding clients starting to put capital to work and money to work. In wrap. we saw those net flows pick up a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about where the cash is coming from? Is it ultimately coming out of the kind of $40 billion, $41 billion balance that currently sits in sweep and your certificates business or is this coming out from other sources kind of like money market funds that sit off balance sheet or outside of the sweep program? And maybe just remind us how much cash ultimately still on the sidelines outside of that $40 billion, $41 billion number.
Walter Berman: So the -- if I understand, Alex, your question about -- I think our total cash is about $80 billion to $81 billion. And so therefore, in money markets and in third-party CDs is about $40-some-odd billion. And we are seeing that certainly money is still coming into, I would say -- money markets, they're probably -- money markets and -- but it's and slowed a little on the CD side. And so from that standpoint, there is -- we are seeing less in CDs and there is a shift. People are staying shorter from that standpoint as they're trying to take advantage of the yield curve. That's the trend that we're seeing about now.
Alexander Blostein: Got you. I guess what I'm trying to get to is clients rerisk and extend duration and put capital to work, which you capture those economics in your wrap program, which is great. But should we expect that to put any pressure on the $40 billion balance across sort of sweep in your certificates business? Or could that remain fairly stable as money comes out of other forms of kind of cash options?
Walter Berman: Good question. We do anticipate because, obviously, from an economic standpoint, that would be beneficial to us. We've had new money go in there. And yes, as it gets redeployed, that would be beneficial, and we think that was -- certainly, will be a source of the repositioning.
Alexander Blostein: Okay. Got you. And then a quick follow-up. So G&A really well managed. I think if you look at this quarter, excluding severance, I think you're at like $910 million or something like that for Q2. How should you sort of think about G&A evolving through the rest of the year? And I know you highlighted a number of some kind of savings programs that you continue to sort of find. So maybe any sort of early thoughts on your 2025 G&A outlook would be helpful.
Walter Berman: On '25, I can say that we feel certainly we're -- the expenses are being well managed. And certainly, as we reposition and look at our process changes and other efficiencies that we're getting there. So I think I feel confident as we said for '24. '25, we certainly will continue. We're going to be investing in the business. So I would say you should see well-managed expenses, but we are going to be investing for growth. So I think it caught up the way you certainly have seen we've operated in prior years and certainly, especially in '24, it's -- we manage our expenses in a portion to our revenue and manage our margin.
Operator: Brennan Hawken with UBS is online with your next question.
Brennan Hawken: Curious to drill down a little bit on the $12 billion of sweep within advisory accounts. So do you know what portion of that $12 billion would include Ameriprise as a fiduciary or investment advisor. So a little more specifically, what portion of that $12 billion would be in the employee channel and in any portfolios where Ameriprise with centrally managed or central models where Ameriprise is the advisor.
Jim Cracchiolo: A lot of our central models are really run by outside managers, institutional and oversight is there. So -- and again, even in those type of models, it's roughly around 2% or so. And even in our advisor discretion, it's actually less than on the institutional models. So I would probably say as you look at it. Now we haven't broken that out between employee, nonemployee, et cetera, because these models are all run in certain ways. But it is, as Walter said, a very low balance. It's what 2% or so, and there is constant trading activities, fees being pulled, the foreign taxes being paid, things like that. So it's not as though this -- and a lot of the actual cash, if there's any higher balance, whether institutional or otherwise, they are moved into money markets and other short-duration products as well. So that's how we look at it and manage it, and that has been appropriate. We disclosed that very clearly. And from a clients and a legal perspective, we feel very comfortable with what that is.
Brennan Hawken: Great. And then you spoke to increased engagement in your banking offering. And we've heard some firms, some competitor firms of yours note that we may be seeing the beginning of improvement in pledge loan growth. So curious whether you're seeing that or perhaps even just early signs of that?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we saw nice increases in our pledge loan as we, again, go through the year. We will be launching another rate one, which we know has been popular out in the industry. So that will be coming on board over the next quarter or so. We've also seen some increase as we started to put some direct CDs and savings programs and for cash to come in externally from that from our clients. Again, we're just starting that up. But no, we think that as we launch these other products in the bank, advisors are looking for them, and we feel like they will, over time, gone or built assets as well as we can then deal with some of the lending activities appropriate.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. But no specific pickup in the pledge run yet?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we saw a nice pickup. I don't have it in front of me. Do you -- we can get it for you, but we saw a nice pickup in the quarter.
Operator: Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research is online with your next question.
Steven Chubak: Wanted to ask about the competitive landscape and just net new asset trends more broadly, Rep flows, as you noted, were quite strong in the quarter, certainly an encouraging sign, but consolidated flows were a bit weaker I know on the last quarter's call, you alluded to some irrational actors, just more aggressive pay packages, potentially impacting the pace of organic growth just hoping we can get some sort of mark-to-market any update in terms of what you're seeing on the outlook for moment.
Walter Berman: So certainly, as you indicated, wrap was quite strong on the client, they were -- we saw both in certificates and annuities, some lapsing and that impacted it. And our -- we look at our growth rates, and we certainly feel that they're aligned with the industry. So from that standpoint, we are getting traction, we feel comfortable with it. And so we see that trajectory. Basically, we feel comfortable.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean we looked at -- there was a little bit of a slowing, to your point, in the second quarter overall. And we did look and say, okay, is there any in particular. Outside of the usual activities, people just didn't add as much advisors, I guess, with the market and everything. And very clearly, it looked the same way as we looked at some of the -- across the industry. So it wasn't like we're an outlier.
Steven Chubak: That's helpful. And then just for my follow-up on the Asset Management margin, despite the pressure on fees, the operating margins continue to run above target. So certainly encouraging to see I was hoping you could speak to the margin outlook over the next few quarters, whether you believe you can sustainably run above the longer-term target of 31% to 35%, barring any negative or exogenous market shocks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, as you saw, we're maintaining a consistent stable fee levels. Yes, we had some additional outflows with a very low fee basis. And we are adjusting our model and expense base, leveraging the technology, leveraging our global resources, et cetera, that we continue to do that helps to offset any pressure that we received from a flow basis. Again, barring changes in market conditions, we think that we can maintain sort of a good margin for the business based on what we're doing. We are investing. So we're not cutting from areas that we want to grow in. As I mentioned, we gained flows, even though it's not in the numbers we discussed to you with models, so more money has gone in there. We're starting to gain traction as well in SMAs, which we think will be good and as well in ETFs. And we will be looking as we even pursue some active ETFs as we go forward. So there are things that we are doing. At the same time, we are trying to free up expenses and resources based on the investments we've made and use our resources globally to get more efficiencies.
Operator: Wilma Burdis from Raymond James is online with your next question.
Wilma Burdis: I know you talked a little bit about the margin, but do you think there's a lot more we on expenses in the segment in Asset Management?
Jim Cracchiolo: So yes, we feel like -- as we continue, as you saw, there was additional severance we took in the second quarter. Part of that was in the Asset Management business. And there are continued changes that we're looking to make and improving and tightening the way we operate with our processes and efficiencies and freeing up resources and things that aren't generating the value that we need. And so we are actually pursuing those things as well, and there will be some further adjustments as we move forward.
Wilma Burdis: I know you guys don't get asked too much about the insurance business anymore, but the margins seem pretty good there. It seems like you grew a little bit in the quarter. Is that more interesting to grow at this time? Or how are you guys thinking about that?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So there's good growth in the insurance and annuities, the structured instrument and the VUL products, which are both very good products for us. And actually, the reason there wasn't more earnings for one is because when you first book that you got the distribution expense upfront that you're -- is the cost. So over time, that increase in volumes will also add to the earnings mix. We also got very good rates now as we reinvested on the investment side and the spreads there. So I think the business will be a good, strong, consistent contributor and a lot of that is free cash flow that we utilize for buyback. So we feel very good. And you also saw in the quarter, again, even in the LTC business that we had nice earnings there as we continue to make adjustments, take rate invest appropriately and invest out. So we're feeling very good about how that will add to the total of the company.
Operator: Thomas Gallagher from Evercore ISI is online with your next question.
Thomas Gallagher: Walter, just to come back, just a quick 1 on the cash sweep. Based on your answer to Suneet's question, it sounds like you aren't very focused on what the big peers are doing competitively on cash sweep crediting rates. Now to me, that just implies you probably don't really see it as a big issue for Ameriprise, either competitively, regulatory litigation-wise. Is that a fair conclusion? Or maybe you can expand a little more on that?
Walter Berman: Okay. So the question is I don't understand what the drivers are. We certainly understand their rates, and it is part of an evaluation that we go through. So that was all you should read into what I was saying. Certainly, we evaluated a competitive element as we look at it. But it is -- I just can't comment on some of the drivers or the elements that are creating what [indiscernible] changes for.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And Tom, as we look at it, again, we have very low balance of very low percentage and particularly in the wrap that is there. We do see the money through transactions and fees. You don't want to go where you don't have it or selling a security. At the same time, you're pulling on some of these things or clearing. So we look at institutional accounts, it's the same thing. So we're not exactly sure what the change is from the wirehouse, et cetera. But again, until we know anything different, we feel very comfortable. And from a competitive frame, the same way. I mean, this is not money. We have a lot of different places where our advisors move money to and same thing with models. And the money, if it is positional is in those other type of earning assets rather than we keep it in sweep.
Walter Berman: Yes. And 1 proof point, again, which really -- we're under $6,000. And if you look at the industry, there between $10,000 and $15,000. So it plays -- we have just less levels there because it strictly used the cash [indiscernible].
Thomas Gallagher: And you don't see any issues with the new VUL fiduciary standards related to this, nothing on that front that you're focused on? And then just for a follow-up on the RPS segment. I guess 1 thing that strikes me is your NII has been up a lot, particularly year-over-year in that segment. Even quarter-over-quarter, it's up a lot. The -- and Jim, I heard your point about distribution expenses, and that is true. I mean you could see the numbers, those are higher based on better sales. But if you would have told me a year ago that your NII would be up as much as it would, I would have thought the run rate would be a lot higher in that segment right now. So I guess my question is, what is going on with the other kind of components of your P&L in that business? Are you seeing higher mortality or disability claims? Is it the annuity earnings that have been a drag? Maybe just a little bit of perspective on kind of what's really driving the ship here because it -- for the strength in NII, it's a little surprising that we're not seeing more hitting the bottom line.
Walter Berman: Well, there's nothing that really out. As you look at it, our disability claims are quite good and actually -- and our insurance claims are within expectations. So there is no end point. So I have to guess we are performing where we thought we would. Let me take that away and to see where you're driving up because I just don't see it at this stage. It's a fair point. So let me take a look at it and see what you're going, and we can get back Okay. How is that?
Thomas Gallagher: That would be great.
Operator: John Barnidge from Piper Sandler is online with your next question.
John Barnidge: You called out the election in your comments. Can you talk about how you're expecting that to impact operations and planning for such can imagine it can impact some asset management product demand, but do you think it has an impact on advisor recruitment or how you think about marketing expense?
Jim Cracchiolo: No. Well, I think it's more from a client perspective, right? So clients want to understand a bit better. What does it mean based on who gets in, what policies, how it would affect investments? I think you can hear that even from market funds and speaking in the airwaves. So again, that's always the top of mind triggered by those types of things that they hear. So we provide market strategies. We look at what the implications of changes in policy may be or what type of investment is appropriate, and so that's more of where it is. Now how does that work with advisers. It depends on how clients are. They feel like more comfortable, then they'll put more money to work. And the same thing with the advisor. If they feel a little bit that there will be a change or implications, the hold. I don't -- at this point, I don't see fundamentally anything driving it in a major way. But as you get closer to the election and there's more conversations, I think -- and that's what we usually see before an election. I don't think it fundamentally changes it. But you do see, based on who gets in and whether policy changes, whether there are impacts as far as what people invest what they rotate out of.
John Barnidge: My follow-up question. Can you talk about some examples of leveraging the global operational efficiencies for the Asset Management business in the way maybe you were not previously doing so?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So when I talk, we've spent a lot of time in energy as an example of integrating the BMO acquisition with Threadneedle, but also putting them on global platforms. that we have. Our global trading platform are ensuring that we have the right attribution across, how we're leveraging research, all those various things. And with that, we feel like we can now move the people and the processes who operate more consistently, get more efficiencies, where we locate the resources, whether we have them in the U.S., we have some in Europe, we have in India, et cetera. So we look at that as well to drive efficiencies. And then with that, we really want to ensure that we are leveraging the technology more fully. And so those are the things that we're doing as we look across sometimes because of the overlaps, like we had a lot of overlaps because of the BMO acquisition with what we had in place. We couldn't really do that until the technology until the legal entities until all of the human resources were dealt with appropriately. And so now there's another opportunity for us to further streamline that and get some further efficiencies from that. Is that helpful to you?
Operator: Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley is online with your next question.
Michael Cyprys: Just wanted to circle back to the cash fee commentary. Just hoping you could clarify for us how and to what extent are advisors compensated on cash sweep balances, and more broadly there, just given some of the industry movements and understand your commentary and views there, but just curious more broadly how you see the scope over time for the way customers pay for services to evolve and potentially over time move away from sweep and that draconian scenario over time plays out where economics and things shift. Just curious how you might be able to continue to capture economics? What are other ways that customers could pay for services?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, again, as I said, wherever you are, you have transactional activity that you want to settle and you want to -- you have to do that timely, right? But you don't want to put people on margin, you don't want to through [indiscernible] out of other securities at the wrong time. So there's always a certain low level of cash. Now what we really do is monitor and if cash is in any account at a larger level, that we really look for it to be moved. And so as you saw, as people move out of some fixed income instruments or where [indiscernible] putting further into the market, they did invest in a lot of cash instruments, money markets, CDs, various other short-term duration fixed. And so we saw that occurring in the reality of it. And actually, the sweep actually went lower rather than increase. And so that's the same thing in all of the wrap and institutional. Now within that, if there is more money sitting in that count, we don't want that cash to be a high balance even if it's invested out because that's not the purpose of the wrap account. But in so doing, if there is positional cash and they're in earning instruments, then the advisors do get paid, et cetera. But again, that's something that's monitored and we feel very comfortable with it. So as far as the future is concerned, there's always adjustments that will occur in pricing and what you would have to do to offset some of the cost of your services that we will constantly look at. But if you're asking in the near term, we feel very good about where that is right now. We're not exactly sure what some of the changes that some people are bringing in about for what reasons. So I'm not sure that was as clear as it maybe to you, but it wasn't to us.
Michael Cyprys: Great. And then just a follow-up question on the Asset Management business. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit on some of the wins you referenced in the APAC region. And maybe you can elaborate on that and remind us of your footprint in APAC, and where you see some of the best opportunities there as you look out over the next couple of years just in terms of countries there and strategies.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we mainly -- we have a small wholesaling, working with private banks, et cetera, in the region, but a lot of it is more institutional basis. And it's again, as you would imagine, some of the core products we have, both in Europe, in equities as an example, or in the U.S. and maybe even things like our fixed income, investment-grade various things like that. So we've been gaining some traction there. Same thing, a bit more that we're seeing as potential opportunities in our real estate. So those are the things that we have underway. We recently expanded a little bit in Japan. We're in Korea and places like that, Singapore, Australia. So there are different places where we are getting it mainly from larger institutions from some pension funds, some sovereign wealth, things like that.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Brianna, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s First Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’d be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A simple list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our first quarter 2024 earnings release, our 2023 annual report to shareholders and our 2023 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning. Yesterday, Ameriprise reported good first quarter results to start the year. We're positioned well and focused on helping our clients emit a complex climate, and we’re also benefiting from our excellent capabilities across the business. Clearly, the operating environment remains dynamic. Equity markets have had strong year-over-year growth as the U.S. economy is proving resilient. However, inflation remains above the Fed’s target and therefore interest rates remain high. The economic picture is not as strong in the U.K. and EMEA. Overall, many investors are holding cash on the sidelines or in shorter duration products, which will eventually move to other investments. This means opportunity for our business with our quality goal-based advice and active solutions. With that backdrop, for our first quarter adjusted operating results, total revenue increased 11% to $4.1 billion. Earnings grew 10% to $878 million and earnings per diluted share was up 16% to $8.39, and our return on equity ex. AOCI remains outstanding at 49%. Ameriprise assets under the management administration were $1.4 trillion up 15% from a year ago driven by client net flows and equity market appreciation. In Wealth Management, we remain on our path to provide goal-based advice to more clients backed by a highly satisfied and referable experience. I've had the opportunity to speak to a number of our advisors at our first quarter field conferences. They consistently shared that our client value proposition and the level of support we provide are real differentiators both in terms of driving high client satisfaction and practice growth. Total client assets increased to $954 billion up 19%. We saw a nice increase in transactional activity up 17% in the quarter. Client inflows were good at $8.5 billion. While clients are still maintaining high cash holdings, money is starting to move into other products such as structured products, brokerage and back into wrap including in fixed income. Wrap inflows was $6.5 billion and the platform has grown to $522 billion up 20%. The bank is also an important complement. We're currently holding assets of more than $22 billion and generating very good spread revenue as we focus on deepening relationships and bringing in assets clients hold elsewhere. With $82 billion sitting in cash, we still have a significant opportunity to help clients reposition portfolios as markets settle. Our Ameriprise advisor force is one of the largest in the industry, and we've consistently delivered some of the highest growth rates. Productivity increased nicely again up 11% to $942,000 in adjusted operating net revenue per advisor. Regarding recruiting, we added 64 experienced advisors in the quarter and our pipeline looks good as we proceed through the year. As a long standing leader in advice, Ameriprise and our advisor practices are well-positioned to serve the growing consumer need for advisor force segments. We know that the mass affluent and affluent consumers want advice and that the opportunity continues to grow. From a recent study, 44% of affluent investors say they need even more advice today than in the past, and there are also greater need among the majority of younger investors. More people can benefit from what we offer. And in fact, in the quarter, we were proud to earn a Hudson Valley’s 2024 top performer in understands me and shares my values, unbiased puts my interest first and explains things in understandable terms. We also invest significantly to provide our advisors a fully integrated technology suite, which has proven to simplify processes, help deliver a great client experience and drive referrals. As we shared, we're also investing in advanced analytics that can help to drive further efficiency and opportunity. And in the quarter, we're also recognized with a Bank Insurance Securities Association Technology Innovation award for our exclusive e-meeting capability, which greatly simplifies and enhances client meeting preparation. Regarding financials, our margins and wealth management remain among the best-in-the-business at nearly 30%. Looking ahead, our planning model positions us to sustain strong margins as clients adjust portfolios to reflect equity market and interest rate dynamics. Regarding Retirement and Protection, we also saw a good increase in sales in the first quarter. We recently made product enhancements in both structured annuities and VUL and adjusted our wholesaling support to help more advisors deliver these solutions and increase efficiencies to the business. Variable annuity sales were up 32% with very strong results in structured annuities consistent with investor appetite. In the full-year since we launched our structured annuity product, it has become our top selling annuity and ranks among the top 10 in the industry. In our Insurance business, sales are also very good, increasing 8% with the majority of the sales in our higher margin accumulation variable universal life products where we added new features at the start of the year. Overall, our Retirement and Protection business consistently delivered strong earnings and profitability. By the way, in the quarter, long-term care continue to generate positive earnings of $16 million as we benefited from higher interest rates and consistent claim levels. We also continue to generate good earnings in asset management even with flows being pressured. The team delivered strong performance for clients and focused on fully leveraging our global capabilities to drive efficiencies. Total assets under management were up 7% to $652 billion. Regarding our investment performance, we continue to generate good short-term, medium-term and long-term performance across product lines. One weaker area was in fixed income due to a difficult year in 2022, but that's working through our medium-term numbers. With that said, we have good overall performance. In fact, the strength of our numbers was reflected in the most recent Barron's rankings of the Best Fund Families where Columbia Threadneedle ranked in the top 10. I'll also highlight that in a recent survey of top asset management firms by institutional investor, Columbia Threadneedle ranks sixth out of 330 asset managers for our active engagement with issuers. Though we remain in net outflows for the quarter, in retail, we did see improvement in gross sales. In North America, equity and fixed income flows improved. In EMEA, flows also improved and were in net inflows in Continental Europe given the nice pickup in equities. In the U.K., we remain pressured. In institutional, we were in outflows due to redemptions and lower fee mandates and impacts from previously announced portfolio manager changes as well as slower new fundings. We have a strong offering and are tailing into better serve client demand and drive flows. This includes expanding our model delivery in the U.S., advancing our real estate capabilities as well as further strengthening our bank loan CLO business. In asset management, we continue to drive synergies and efficiency gains, and you can see that in our normalized G&A expenses down 3%. In terms of overall asset management profitability, the North America region is performing well, while EMEA faced a bit more pressure based on market conditions. Now that we're through the integration in EMEA, we're very much focused on leveraging our capabilities globally, gaining better efficiencies while reducing expenses. For Ameriprise overall, the level of results we consistently achieve is driven by the totality of what we have here as well as our ability to invest for growth and manage expenses very well. This includes our excellent returns and earnings growth. And in terms of track records, our long-term track records are excellent. Just looking back over the last five years, I would highlight EPS as an example where we have delivered 15% compounded annual growth. Our return on equity of 49% is among the highest in the industry year-after-year. Also very significant, we consistently deliver a differentiated level of shareholder return, returned another $650 million in capital in the quarter, and we just announced another dividend increase of 10%. Overall, it was a great start to the year across many dimensions. What’s behind our results, our talented team. In the quarter, we received additional external recognition for who we are and how we work together. In fact, Forbes put Ameriprise on their Best America Large Employers 2024 ranking and Newsweek ranked us one of America’s Greatest Workplaces for Women. In closing, I would also like to highlight that in June, we will mark our 130th anniversary, which is a unique and significant milestone in any industry. Our priority has always been our clients. Also key to our longevity is our ability to innovate and evolve for the future. Ameriprise is going to continue to navigate for clients and invest in opportunities for growth, and I feel good about our ability to build on our position this year. Now, Walter will share additional detail on the quarter and some of the numbers. Walter?
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. EPS grew 16% to $8.39 with growth across all segments. The diversified nature of our business drives our consistent financial performance across market cycles and sets us apart from most in the financial services. Assets under management and administration increased 15% to $1.4 trillion benefiting from over $29 billion of client flows over the past year and equity market appreciation. This has resulted in strong 11% revenue growth across our businesses. We continue to manage expenses tightly to maintain strong margins. G&A expenses grew only 2% on a normalized basis, driven by our operational efficiency improvements. We continue to selectively invest in areas that will drive future business growth, particularly in Wealth Management. We will maintain this discipline in 2024 and plan to keep G&A expenses at 2023 levels. Our returns remain strong with a consolidated margin of 26% and a best-in-class return on equity of 50.2%, excluding unlocking. Balance sheet fundamentals, including excess capital and liquidity, remained strong. Our diversified business model benefits from significant and stable 90% free cash flow contributions across all business segments. We returned $650 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter, and as you saw, we announced a 10% dividend increase, a continuation of our differentiated track record. In 2024, we expect to return 80% of operating earnings to shareholders. On Slide 6, you see the strong results for Wealth Management. Client and Wrap assets increased 19% and 20%, respectively, from strong net flows and market appreciation over the past year. Client flows in the quarter were $8.5 billion down from quarter one 2023, driven by higher net flows into third-party money market funds a year ago. In the quarter, adjusted operating net revenues increased 13% to $2.6 billion from growth in client assets, increased transactional activity and a robust 30% increase in net investment income in the bank, which more than offset lower fees from off balance sheet cash. This drove revenue per advisor to a new high of $942,000 up 11% from a year ago. Total cash balances, including third-party money market funds and brokered CDs reached a new high this quarter at $82.4 billion as clients remain heavily concentrated in yield oriented products. Cash balances were fairly stable at $43.3 billion with cash sweep down only $1 billion in the quarter reflecting normal seasonal tax patterns. We expect clients will put money back to work in wrap and other products on our platform over time as markets and rates normalize, which creates a significant opportunity. The financial benefit from cash at the bank remains significant and will be a sustainable source of earnings going forward. Adjusted operating expenses in the quarter increased 14%, with distribution expenses up 17%, reflecting business growth including Comerica, acceleration in transactional activity, growth in experienced advisor recruiting and higher payroll taxes as the business grew. G&A expenses increased 7% to $420 million reflecting higher volume related expenses and the inclusion of Comerica. We continue to invest in our growing business, while maintaining expense discipline in 2024. We are targeting a G&A increase in the mid-single digit range for the full-year. This combination of revenue growth and well-managed expenses resulted in the business sustaining an operating margin of approximately 30%. Turning to asset management on Slide 7. Financial results were very strong in the quarter and we continue to manage the business well through a challenging environment for active asset managers. Total AUM increased 7% to $652 billion primarily from higher equity market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows. In the quarter, operating earnings increased 25% to $206 million as a result of equity market appreciation, disciplined expense management, which more than offset the cumulative impact of net outflows, and the margin was in our top end of our targeted range at 35% in the quarter. Adjusted operating expenses increased 2% with general and administrative expenses flat from a year ago. On a normalized basis, general and administrative expenses was 3% lower than last year, reflecting the benefits from comprehensive expense management initiatives taken since 2023. We are looking globally, especially in EMEA, to enhance operational efficiencies and manage expenses, so we are well-positioned going forward. Let’s turn to Slide 8. Retirement and Protection Solutions continue to deliver good earnings and free cash flow generation, reflecting the high-quality of the business that has been built over a long period of time. Pretax adjusted operating earnings in the quarter increased 3% to $199 million reflecting the benefit from strong markets and higher interest rates, partially offset from strong sales growth, which drove up distribution expense. Overall, Retirement and Protection Solutions sales improved in the quarter, with Protection sales up 8% to $65 million primarily in higher margin VUL. Variable annuity sales grew 32% to $1.2 billion with strong momentum in our structured product. Turning to Slide 9. Ameriprise delivered excellent growth in the first quarter, which is a continuation of the long track record across market cycles and our commitment to profitable growth. Over the last 12 months, revenue grew 10%, earnings per share increased 19%, and ROE grew 240 basis points excluding unlocking. We had similar growth trends over the past five years with 7% revenue growth, 15% EPS compounded annual growth and ROE improved 13 percentage points. Compared to most financial services companies, this differentiated performance across multiple cycles speak to the complementary nature of our business mix as well as our focus on profitable growth. Now, let’s finish with the balance sheet on Slide 10. Balance sheet fundamentals and free cash flow generation remained strong and support our ability to consistently return capital to shareholders and invest for future business growth. In the last year, we returned $2.6 billion of capital to shareholders, which included $650 million in the quarter. In addition, we announced our annual dividend increase of 10%, taking the quarterly dividend to $1.48 per share. Ameriprise’s consistent capital return strategy drives long-term shareholder value. Over the past five years, we returned $12 billion to shareholders with the repurchase of 40 million shares at an average price of $227 resulting in a net reduction of our share count of 25%. With that, we’ll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Brennan Hawken from UBS is online with your first question. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. You spoke to growth and experienced advisor recruiting. So, I was hoping you could maybe provide some perspective on how you view the competitive environment for FA recruiting right now. And based on that view, do you think it’s a better time to pull back or lean into the market and why is that?
James M. Cracchiolo: So, as you saw in the first quarter, we attracted 65 high-quality recruits into the business. I think the recruiting is a little slower in the first quarter with the markets that ran, people were staying put a little more. I do believe that the market is very competitive and some of the competitors are actually, I think, being a little more irrational in that regard. So, we’re much more focused on quality people that really think about where they need to associate. They want to build good practices, become more productive, want the support they need to do that, and those are the type of people that we’ve been focused on.
Brennan Hawken: Yes. That makes sense. Okay. Thanks. And then maybe, for my follow-up, something a little more tactical. Cash balances have been in focus. We all know that, April is a big month for taxes, and sometimes has an impact on your business. So, could you talk comment on what trends you’ve seen in cash balances here month-to-date? What the impact was that we should expect from taxes? And were those largely funded out of sweep or other cash vehicles?
Walter S. Berman: Okay. What we’ve seen in April, is basically a small amount going out before taxes out of sweep. We have started to see some actually shifting out of money market, third-party money markets. Again, I can’t say it’s taxes, but clearly the patterns there, sweep is stable and we’ve seen a little pattern on shifting on money market, third-party money markets.
Brennan Hawken: Got it. But overall month-to-date stable sweep is the right way to think about it?
Walter S. Berman: Absolutely. Great. Thanks for that color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Just wanted to go back to the Wealth Management comments about the bank, net investment income rising 30%. Obviously, that’s not a number that we can pull out of your supplements, but just curious where you see that going in the balance of the year and into next year in terms of growth? I know you talked about growth this year over last year and growth next year over this year. But, can you just put some broad numbers around what you’re expecting? I wouldn’t guess it would be 30%, but just curious what you’re seeing there?
Walter S. Berman: It won’t be 30%. As I mentioned, Suneet, what you’ll see is that we have each year about $3 billion in each year that will be reinvested. And, you should figure that will pick up, listen, rates stay where they are somewhere 100 basis points to 125 basis points on that. So, that will make a contribution because that will be almost 35% of our total AUM outstanding at the bank. So, it’s going to, I see it continuing. It’s going to slow obviously as we get into the [‘25] (ph) and as we progress through the year, but it will be very healthy and profitability is quite good.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then I guess on the cost savings, I mean, it seems to me like we’ve spent more time talking about that on this call and more recent calls. And, I guess what I want to get a handle on is what are you trying to -- what are you seeing on the revenue side? It would seem to me, given your history, you tend to talk a lot about cost savings when there’s revenue pressure. Obviously, we see it in asset management, but it sounds like there might be incremental pressure in other segments. I just want to get a sense of what are you responding to? Is it more than just pressure in the asset management business?
James M. Cracchiolo: No, Suneet. I think when we look at the asset management, we do believe what we have put together the technology and the capabilities and the geographical type of makeup, there is an opportunity for us to further get efficiencies in the asset management and that’s very much our focus. In regard to the other business and across the company from a corporate perspective, we again feel like there’s an opportunity for us to even tighten our operating model a bit more and get even a bit more efficiency based on combination of the technology and other capabilities that we put in place and how we’re operating, including geographically. So, we’re looking at that. It’s not because of any external pressure per se. It’s something that you know that we’ve done over cycles as we reengineer and continue to invest. But at the same time, we are making good new investments in AI and data and analytics and technology platforms in cybersecurity. And so, what we’re trying to do is we know that we want to invest and we know that if we can get some other efficiencies on the expense base, that’s always helpful for us. And we can’t dictate what the market conditions are, but it gives us flexibility.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And, then just one comment I had just on the experienced advisor recruits. I think for many quarters, you’ve given us the number of recruits, which is helpful, but I think there’s also been a change in, like the size of the practices that you’ve been bringing on board. So, maybe at some point, if you can give us a look at over this period of time, this is how much assets came in from those recruits, I think that would be helpful.
James M. Cracchiolo: Will do.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wilma Burdis with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. Is there any pressure from clients to pass through more short-term interest rate benefits, especially as the rates could stay higher for longer?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, as you saw, I mean, we have a lot of cash balances and a lot are invested in whether it be money market, brokered CDs, our own certificate programs, etcetera. Even in our bank now, we have higher savings products, etcetera. So no, because what’s left in sweep is more of that transactional liquidity type thing, just like you maintain in your bank account sort of, but in this case, it’s for activity within the overall business that they have and maintain and the cash moves. So, if everything was sitting in sweep, then the answer would probably be yes, but that’s not the case.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Thank you. And then, can you talk a little bit about, how you guys think about acquisitions in AWM space, especially maybe for scale a little bit something a little bit larger? Just kind of curious what you’re seeing there. Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo: Is that regarding AWM?
Wilma Burdis: Yes.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay.
Wilma Burdis: AWM, yes.
James M. Cracchiolo: What we look as we said is, we look to associate people that really feel that we can add value to their practices and what we can bring. We look at other things that may make sense for us, but again, we’re not just looking to roll up firms and put it on a network. We really look for people to join us and build out under what we provide from a client experience perspective. So, that’s the way we go about thinking about it.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. First question is, can you provide some color on what kind of margin you’re getting on new flows, the $8.5 billion of net inflows overall to AWM? When I look at, Jim, I agree with your comment, 30% margin is certainly impressive. But just curious as you think about organic growth, what that’s going to do to margins assuming we keep the macro constant on kind of your in force earnings?
James M. Cracchiolo: So, Tom, as you look like even in the first quarter, what we saw, it was a nice increase in core business activities. And, what you had a little more is on the cash side, that came off a little bit in total contribution to the margin. And so, when you look at the totality of it, that underlying business, particularly as you kind of combination of business that’s their transactional wrap fee business, and what they’re sitting on the cash sidelines coming back in, which would give us higher margins if it’s not in the cash certificates, brokerage other things like that. So, I would probably say there’s a good opportunity there based on people cycling back into the markets. We saw a nice start to increase in fixed income, again rather than just short-term cash. So, I think there’s some of that that will occur. Part of that’s from the new flow as you said, but part of it’s really from the core of what came in and what’s sitting there. And so, I would probably say in the past year or two, a bit more of that has been in the cash side. And when that cash goes into money market or into brokered CDs, etcetera, that doesn’t give us as much margin, and that should come back in.
Thomas Gallagher: And Jim, sorry, just a follow-up there. So, would you say or maybe this is for Walter, would you say the incremental margin you’re getting on new flows is above or below the 30% level? If you would just isolate it that way.
James M. Cracchiolo: I didn’t look at exactly how much of the new flow came and went right into the market yet. I would probably say it’s relatively consistent, because our advisors don’t put it all to work immediately when it comes in. So, I would probably look at it that way that it’s probably relatively the same at this point.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. That’s helpful. And, then just one follow-up. Long-term care risk transfer, Walter, I think you mentioned last quarter that you were sort of encouraged by bid spread narrowing. Can you talk about where your head is at with that? Is that something you’re actively pursuing? Would you have to bundle other risks to potentially transact on that?
Walter S. Berman: So Tom, as I said last quarter, we certainly looked at the Manulife transaction and we are evaluating it. We really are. We continue to do that and evaluate the trade-offs and certainly it moved the bar and we’re just evaluating that.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question was just on the, can you give us some sense of your expectations for bank, not NII, but just bank asset growth in 2024, whether it be moving more from cash sweep or growing it organically?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. So, we’re looking at that now and obviously we do have buffers in the sweep account. So, it would be, we haven’t decided on the amount yet. We will just evaluate, but it will increase. It’s certainly not at the levels we’ve increased previously, but certainly there’s potential to increase it. And, then of course we’re going to be picking up basically interest earnings on basically when we reposition the $3 billion each year. So, I would say that it’s, will be increasing, but, and then also we’ll be launching other products there too. So it’s a combo, and we certainly have room to do that.
Ryan Krueger: Great. Thanks. And then, I guess, back to Tom’s question, just curious, to what extent are you, I guess, are you interested specifically in risk transfer with RiverSource? Or, I guess, would you consider something that’s a more broad strategic move with RiverSource rather than isolating to a risk transfer deal?
James M. Cracchiolo: So, we do evaluate different possibilities. But as I said, I think our business is performing really well. I mean, even in long-term care, I mentioned about we’re earning $16 million but even if you look over the last four quarters, we had some nice positive income and we think that’s pretty stable now. And so, if an opportunity came along that made sense for us with a good strategic type of partner or on a reinsurance type, we will be very open to explore that. But, on the other side, I think we have a really good hand and it gives us a lot of free cash flow and again good solutions. And, we have a real large complement of solutions on our shelf. So, it’s not like we have to be the provider, we’re not. So, we pick our spots, but we feel good about it. But again, we will always look at if there’s a better opportunity for us.
Ryan Krueger: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, Jim, Walter, good morning. Just one for me. You guys talked about expense management and in your earlier comment, you suggested that there’s a little bit maybe of a broader effort that’s holding across the organization to focus on efficiencies, and it’s great to see G&A being held flat versus 2023. So, but I guess looking beyond ‘24, how do you think these efficiencies went back to G&A growth sort of like on a multiyear basis? Should we think of that being below the trend of what we see from the kind of the prior several years or sort of 2024 was a one-off benefit? Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, on the expense side, Alex, certainly we will garner a reasonable amount in ‘24, but there’ll be carryover and certainly of the initiatives that we take in ‘24 and then of course the ones that will continue. So, you should expect that this is part of, we’ve always done reengineering, but this I would say is an improved trajectory as we look at it and the opportunities to process reengineer.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, Jim, Walter. First one is on recruiting. So, I know you don’t disclose this before the Q, but advisor loans grew 20% last year. And, I’m wondering how you expect them to grow this year in 2024. And, also given your comments to an earlier question on recruiting, how have your transition assistance rates changed roughly over the last three years, just given intensifying competition on the advisory recruiting front?
Walter S. Berman: Okay. So, on advisor loans, yes, we have increased and certainly we are competitive. So, you should expect that that would increase as we are on trans-com proposals and as we start tracking more and more advisors, but that would stay within our limits. But you should see those loans increasing for sure. And we certainly have the cash capacity to do that.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. And, I have a follow-up on wealth manager operating efficiency. So, if you look at the ratio of distribution expenses relative to management fees and distribution expenses, sorry, distribution revenues, it sort of a payout ratio, but that ratio hit an all-time high this quarter. And, at the same time, G&A growth remained elevated at 7%, which was in-line with last year, but it’s above your mid-single-digit target for the year. I’m just wondering what drove up expenses in the first quarter and how should we think about the forward trajectory within the Wealth Management segment?
Walter S. Berman: On distribution, it was payroll taxes and of course you have high distribution when you have higher transactional elements from that standpoint. And as far as the 7% as we indicated, the first quarter usually does flip up, but we are staying within what we’ve indicated in the middle-single-digits, it’s a growth area for us. And so, we’ll be investing, but that’s the target range.
Craig Siegenthaler: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Wanted to circle back to your commentary on the large amounts of customer cash on the sidelines, I think over $80 billion overall, about $39 billion or so, and money fund balances and brokered CDs. I was hoping you could speak to some of the steps that you’re taking to help facilitate the movement of this cash into wrap accounts in terms of what can you do to make it as frictionless as possible, and what rate backdrop do we need to see for this cash to move more meaningfully, into wrap accounts? And if you look out over the next couple years, what would success be in your view in terms of capturing? What portion of this cash?
James M. Cracchiolo: Oh, I mean, listen, it’s hard to say because it does depend a little bit on market conditions. And what I mean by market conditions it’s like the equity market has been up strong. But, if you look at how fast it ran and then you looked at where rates dropped so quickly initially on the long-end of the curve and now that’s starting to come back up again and they are up nice again back to a more reasonable level. I do believe that there is an opportunity as people start to think about rotating back into fixed income for the longer term as well as with the equity markets do pull back as they have over the last month, so to speak, and become a little more, what I would call, less reliant on just a few of the high-tech stocks, etcetera, you will see a rotation back in because of that amount of money is abnormal to sit on the sidelines. But again, at a 5% rate, in the short-term, it makes sense. And, it’s not like our clients or advisors are active traders back in and out of the market. So, I do believe that as they are able to read what that market is over time and they feel more that it’s not like they’re getting caught on the high-end, that money will start to rotate. Now, how much goes back in, it’s anyone’s guess, but we’re no different than what you see out there across the industry today. We saw some flows as an example even our asset management on our growth side start to pick up a little and same thing in fixed income, but some in equities. So, I think some of that money will go back, but it was a high-point as we hit last year because of the cycle.
Michael Cyprys: Great. And, just a follow-up question. I was hoping you could maybe update us on your lending solutions, including pledged assets, lines that you have for advisors and for their clients. Just curious how built out this lending offering is compared to where you’d like that to be. And, maybe you could speak to some of the steps and initiatives that you might be looking to take over the next, year or two, in order to drive greater uptake amongst the advisors and clients from the lending solutions?
Walter S. Berman: Looking at a bank CDs and certainly, we are really looking at to launching our basic checking capabilities and also new mortgage capabilities, HELOCs and things of that nature. So, there’s a full program that is there, plus, as you know, we have a fairly extensive pledge and that we’ll certainly be looking to penetrate that more. And, that is certainly totally aligned on building the relationship with our clients and deepening that relationship.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, we just came up with a segment of that fixed pledge as well. And so, that is also going to help grow. So yes, we’re probably still underpenetrated on the pledge side of it compared to some others that we think will be an opportunity for us.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Schmitt with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Jeff Schmitt: Hi, good morning. So, you’ve been signing some partnerships in the financial institution channel recently. Is there potential for that pace to pick up or maybe for you to sign larger partnerships just given some of your competitors may be running out of capacity right now?
Walter S. Berman: Yes. We certainly with Comerica, that has turns out to be a very good relationship. And yes, we have pipeline that we are certainly evaluating and we feel we do have the value proposition not to basically satisfy the clients and really provide them with the capabilities that we provide for basically planning and other aspects from that standpoint.
James M. Cracchiolo: And, we are signing some small deals. We don’t put them out there as much to publicize them, but we are bringing in some other deals and our pipeline is good. So again, the larger ones, we wanted to really do Comerica really well, etcetera. And so, we’ve learned a lot from it and set up our capabilities. So, we think there’s an opportunity as well in that category.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay, great. And then, on client cash levels, how much is sitting with Comerica right now? And I guess do they, so they all have to transition to Ameriprise sweep options in the second half, is that right? So some of that cash could kind of either leave or go into the market or what have you?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, it is about $2.5 billion and they are certainly, they are as part of program they are transitioning and we’ll see. We just don’t have the full information now about what that’s going to be. Is probably have a better idea at the end of the second quarter.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. Can you maybe talk about the slowdown in institutional asset management mandates that was cited? Is the conversion rate being elongated along with fewer discussions and what are you hearing as the most common pushback? Thank you.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean, some of it was a bit elongated that you would expect the fundings or even the cycle. But there is a growing interest back again, both in the fixed income area as well as in the equities. So, we actually think that this will pick up as we go further into the year. And, the mandates that we sort of lost in the first quarter were sort of some lower fee or pension things like that they’re a little lumpy in that regard. So, but we feel that we can win some more as we go forward that the appetite is there out there in the industry, both not just in the U.S., but internationally. So, we’re very much focused on that.
John Barnidge: Thank you. And, then my follow-up question, I think there was a bit of severance in the quarter. Is that expected to impact flows prospectively at all?
James M. Cracchiolo: We had some of the remnants of the changes we made that came out in the first quarter that was in the flow picture. But no, we don’t expect more from that.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Anagnostakis: Hey, good morning. This is Michael Anagnostakis on for Steven. I guess just a couple here on capital. BMO largely integrated at this point. How are you thinking about prioritizing excess capital deployment? And is strategic M&A something you’re looking at more closely? If so, where might you look to buy rather than build? Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, we actually, we continue to buy back nicely. I mean, in the first quarter it was a little less than we normally have done but that will pick up as we go through the year. And, I think, Walter had mentioned that we’re targeting initially around the 80% mark. And then as we said, we just raised the dividend again, that will take some more of the cash. But, we still have a healthy balance sheet. We’re not out there looking to acquire per se. There’s always if there’s an opportunity or the market falls out or something that gives us value, we’ll look at it. But, we’re very much focused on continuing to invest organically and really focused on getting the operating efficiencies, particularly in the asset management business now. And, we feel good about that, including what we do from an overall investment cycle for our technology and capabilities and products. I mean, we’re working on a number of different new product areas for us in asset management, like active ETFs, etcetera. So, we feel good. We’re looking to build out a little further on our international property areas, etcetera, our CLO business. So, there are things that we’re investing in a bit more organically as well. But again, we don’t rule out acquisitions, but we’re not necessarily looking to target things at this point.
Michael Anagnostakis: Okay. Great. That’s super helpful. And, just on the buyback, so 80% payout is still the expectation. It sounds like you guys are more focused on the organic internal investment. But, given the bank’s largely built out, maybe M&A is less of a focus here and you’re generating strong cash flow, why not ramp the payout ratio back to the 90% to 100% zone that you historically ran at? Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, we certainly have the capacity to do that and we evaluated on optimistic situation as we look at it. But yes, we do have the capacity at this stage. We feel the 80% is a good return level. And, there are other areas that we certainly as I said, we will be growing the bank. So, it would require additional. But, I would say at this stage, we have the capability, we just feel it’s opportunistic. We look at it and then we evaluate it. And, you’ve seen in prior times, we have gone up. But at this stage, we feel the 80% is an appropriate level.
Michael Anagnostakis: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Krista, and I'll be your conference operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions.  Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into company operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website.  Some statements that we make on the call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter 2023 earnings release, our 2022 annual report to shareholders and our 2022 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements.  On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter. Below that, you see adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations, and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone. I hope that 2024 started off well for each of you. As you saw in our earnings release, Ameriprise delivered a strong fourth quarter to complete an excellent year. I'm proud of our team and what we've accomplished. We've navigated the environmental uncertainty well, supported our clients, and further demonstrated the strength of our value propositions.  Regarding the operating environment. What was more positive to end 2023 and start the new year, we know there are questions regarding the continuation of economic growth, inflation and the timing of interest rate reductions. Of course, markets are unpredictable. However, at Ameriprise, our expertise is preparing both our clients and the business to be successful even in an uncertain climate.  Now with that backdrop, let's move to our results. For the quarter, revenue growth continued to be robust, up 8%, reflecting good organic growth and positive markets. We again generated strong earnings growth with EPS up 10% or 14% normalized for the items referenced in our press release. And our nearly 50% ROE is consistently among the best in the industry.  We also delivered excellent full year adjusted operating results. Excluding unlocking and the items we referenced, revenue was $15.4 billion, up 8%. Earnings increased 18% to $3.3 billion. And our EPS was $30.46, up another 24%. In fact, these are record results for Ameriprise, and assets under management and administration were near an all-time high at $1.4 trillion.  Across the firm, we're very well positioned to help investors with our compelling client experience and complement the businesses, capabilities and talented team.  With regard to some business highlights. Wealth Management delivered another strong quarter. Our efforts are centered on engaging more people in our advice-based client experience, which helps our clients achieve more of their goals and creates higher satisfaction, net flows and productivity growth.  Client acquisition was up nicely in the quarter, especially in the $500,000 to $5 million client segment. Total client assets increased to a new record of $901 billion, up 19%, and client flows were approximately $23 billion. Total transactional activity picked up a bit in the quarter. However, given the environment, clients continued to maintain higher cash levels with assets and cash products growing to about $82 billion. Over time, we expect these assets will be further deployed as clients return to the markets more fully.  Year after year, our adviser productivity growth is consistently among the best in the industry. In fact, it increased another 11% to a new high of $916,000 per adviser in the quarter. Our field force is highly engaged, and they value the Ameriprise culture.  As to the experienced advisers we recruit. In the quarter, we brought on board 166 productive advisers, which includes the Comerica advisers who joined us. Recruits tell us that associating with Ameriprise has given them a strong client value proposition integrated technology and the leadership support they need to provide first-class service to their clients and grow their practices.  Our bank continues to provide benefits and grow nicely. Bank and certificate assets increased 28% to $37 billion. We see good opportunity here to further deepen client relationships and bring in more of our client assets that they hold at other banking institutions.  As you can see, our consistent focus and investment in the business is driving strong results. And we're not standing still. We continue to invest significantly to drive further efficiency and organic growth. Advisers using our integrated e-meeting capability, customer relationship platform and online adviser dashboards find that these tools enhance their ability to deliver for clients and manage their practices, as well as identify growth opportunities. We're also leveraging advanced analytics and accelerating enhancements to our mobile and digital experiences on our public and secure sites to engage more clients and prospects.  I'd also highlight that Ameriprise brand awareness is strong and steady, and our growth opportunity continues to be significant. Clients and prospects across segments need meaningful contact and advice more than ever, and that's where we're concentrating. Earlier this month, I met with our field leaders to kick off the year. They are highly engaged and energized about our position and ability to build on our success in 2024.  Next, in Retirement & Protection, we're driving good sales. These solutions help serve our clients' comprehensive needs and the business is consistently a strong earnings contributor. The team is focused on providing a best-in-class experience with an ease of doing business and it's resulting in better sales.  Total variable annuity sales were up 15%, with good sales in our structured product. Protection sales were up 6%, driven by our higher-margin product. In addition, we just introduced new enhancements to our core product lines to help further serve our clients' evolving protection and income needs.  Moving to Asset Management. We continue to serve clients in an evolving market. Assets under management grew nicely in the fourth quarter, up 9% to $637 billion driven by market appreciation and positive foreign exchange.  In terms of some color on flows. Our U.S. retail mutual fund outflows were in line with the industry. Though they remained pressured, we had a bit of a pickup in gross sales and redemptions have slowed from a year ago. U.K. retail remained soft, and we're seeing some improvements in Europe.  For global institutional, our outflows were elevated as we expected due to the actions we set to realign resources, including portfolio management changes. Our product capabilities are extensive and the team is concentrating on regaining sales momentum. Performance is critical to that, and we're delivering consistent competitive investment performance that reflects our research expertise.  Our 3, 5 and 10-year numbers are very strong, and we saw a nice pickup in the 1-year fixed income numbers. And I highlight that we continue to have 113 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds in our lineup. Like other active managers, we're managing industry pressure and doing a great deal to refine our operating processes while reducing expenses globally. We're enhancing our efficiency and effectiveness while making good investments, including in data and analytics. We're focused on leveraging our performance as well as our global distribution and servicing capabilities.  So for Ameriprise, it was another great year and a continuation of our significant growth over many years. In addition, we built on our record of strong financial performance, including generating one of the best ROEs in the industry. And with that, we consistently demonstrate our ability to return to shareholders.  In the fourth quarter, Ameriprise returned another $587 million, and for the full year, we returned $2.5 billion to shareholders. Over the last 5 years, we returned a substantial amount to shareholders that resulted in a share count reduction of 25%.  As I look at Ameriprise, we continue to be well positioned. The strong performance we achieved is underscored by the industry accolades Ameriprise consistently earns. Over the course of the year, this is the type of recognition we received. 4.9 out of 5 stars in client satisfaction from our clients. Our employee and adviser engagement ranks among the best across all industries. We have one of the highest customer trust scores in financial services.  J.D. Power has awarded us for outstanding customer service experience for our adviser phone support 5 years in a row. Ameriprise is the winner in the Wealth Management category from Kiplinger. In addition, we've been recognized as a military-friendly employer in 9 years in a row and as a best place to work for disability inclusion. Finally, Ameriprise is among the Best Managed Companies of 2023 on the Wall Street Journal Management Top 250 list.  For the firm overall, as we enter 130 year in the business, our foundation and business are strong. I'm immensely proud of our people, and we have a great opportunity to continue our success together in 2024.  Now I'll turn things over to Walter, and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. As Jim said, strong results this quarter continue to demonstrate the leverage of our diversified business model across market cycles.  Underlying EPS grew 14% to $7.75 after adjusting for items in the quarter that we called out in the release. These included $0.28 of expense related to a regulatory accrual, $0.14 from severance expense, and elevated mark-to-market impacts on share-based compensation expense of $0.13 resulting from Ameriprise's substantial share price appreciation. You would not have been aware of these items and their associated magnitude.  Assets under management and administration ended the quarter at $1.4 trillion, up 15%, benefiting from $36 billion of client flows in 2023 and market appreciation. Across the firm, we continue to manage expenses tightly relative to the revenue opportunity within each segment. G&A increased only 2% normalized to the items I noted. We continue to take a disciplined approach on discretionary expenses across the firm to manage margins given the uncertainty in the macro environment as evidenced by the $26 million of severance recognized in the third and fourth quarters.  At the same time, we continue to make investments to drive business growth, particularly in Wealth Management. As we move into 2024, we will continue the same discipline and we'll maintain a flat expense base for the year at a minimum.  Our consolidated margin was 26.4% excluding the items I noted. And we have a best-in-class return on equity of 48.5%. The balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. Our excess capital and liquidity positions remain strong and we've seen a significant $1.8 billion reduction in the net unrealized loss position to only $1.5 billion.  Our diversified business model benefits from significant and stable 90% free cash flow contributions across all business segments. This allowed us to return $2.5 billion of capital to shareholders in the year, a continuation of our differentiated track record.  Lastly, I mentioned that Ameriprise successfully expanded its presence in the financial institutions channel. The closing on our partnership with Comerica Bank in November that added an initial $15 billion of client flows. Given the timing of the conversion, there was limited financial benefit in the quarter.  On Slide 6, you'll see our strong results in 2023 were driven by business momentum across key measures. Assets grew 15%, with revenues up 8%. Pretax adjusted operating earnings grew 10%. And the pretax adjusted operating margin was 26.4%.  The diversified nature of our businesses strengthens our model and drives our consistent performance. It is this balance that enables Ameriprise to consistently drive shareholder value across market cycles.  The key growth driver of Ameriprise is the Wealth Management business, as you can see on Slide 7. Wealth Management client assets increased 19% year-over-year to $901 billion, driven by strong organic growth and client flows, along with higher equity markets. We had $53 billion of net inflows over the past year, with $23 billion coming in the quarter from new clients joining the firm, the deepening of existing relationships and adding experienced advisers. Revenue per adviser reached $916,000 in the quarter, up 11% from the prior year, from higher spread revenue, enhanced productivity and business growth.  On Slide 8, you can see how the business performance drove strong financial results for Wealth Management. In the quarter, adjusted operating net revenues increased 8% to $2.4 billion from growth in client assets in both wrap and brokerage accounts and improved transactional activity. This included about $15 billion of initial flows related to Comerica partnership, in addition to the $8 billion of underlying client flows.  While markets were favorable in the quarter, we did not realize the full benefit of the market appreciation in the quarter given our beginning-of-month billing practice. We are starting the year with the wind at our backs with the significant market appreciation to end the year.  Total cash balance, including third-party money market funds and brokered CDs reached a new high this quarter at $81.5 billion. We have seen stability in our underlying client cash positions with free cash up 4% sequentially. This stabilization has continued into January.  Additionally, we continue to see new money flowing into money market funds and brokered CDs as well as into our certificates. This creates a significant redeployment opportunities as markets normalize for clients to put money back to work in wrap and other products on our platform over time. The financial benefits from cash remain significant and will be a sustainable source of earnings going forward.  Adjusted operating expenses in the quarter increased 9%, with distribution expense up 10%, reflecting higher asset balances. Excluding the regulatory accrual, G&A declined 1% in the quarter and was up only 4% for the full year. We will continue to invest in this growing business while maintaining this expense discipline in 2024.  In total, the underlying margin expanded 40 basis points to 30.3%, reflecting our revenue growth combined with expense discipline. This level is consistent with our margin for the full year.  Turning to Asset Management on Slide 9. Financial results were very strong in the quarter, and we are managing the business well through a challenging environment for active asset managers. Total AUM increased 9% to $637 billion, primarily from higher equity markets and foreign exchange translation, partially offset by net outflows.  Like other active managers, we experienced pressure retail flows from global market volatility and a risk-off investor sentiment. In addition, we had $3 billion of institutional outflows that included $2 billion of expected breakage from portfolio management changes made as part of our reengineering initiatives.  Investment performance is another critical area of focus and long-term 3-, 5- and 10-year investment performance remains strong. We also had notable improvements in 1-year fixed income performance in the quarter from strength in mortgage opportunities, tax exempt and strategic municipal income strategies. In the quarter, operating earnings increased $194 million as a result of equity market appreciation, disciplined expense management and higher performance fees which more than offset the cumulative impact of net outflows.  Performance fees are an important part of our business and reflect excellent performance in our hedge fund and other institutional accounts, but the recognition of performance fees is uneven throughout the year. While we had $30 million in performance fees in both 2023 and '22, the fourth quarter this year included $21 million in performance fees and the fourth quarter of 2022 only included $5 million.  We are finalizing the integration of BMO and are looking globally at areas where we can enhance operational efficiency and manage expenses so we are well positioned going forward.  G&A was down 4% excluding the impact from foreign exchange translation and performance fee compensation. And the margin was in our target range of 32% in the quarter.  Looking ahead, as Jim said, we will continue to take further expense action in 2024 given the environment to preserve margin in our target range.  Let's turn to Slide 10. Retirement & Protection Solutions continued to deliver good earnings and free cash flow generation, reflecting the high quality of the business that has been built over a long period of time. Pretax adjusted operating earnings in the quarter increased 2% to $202 million, reflecting higher investment yields. Overall, Retirement & Protection Solutions sales improved in the quarter, with protection sales up 6% to $72 million, primarily in higher-margin products. Variable annuity sales grew 15% to $1.1 billion, with the majority of sales in structured variable annuities.  Turning to Slide 11. Ameriprise delivered excellent growth in 2023 and has done the same over the longer term and through changing market cycles, reflecting our focus on profitable growth. In 2023, revenues grew 8% from higher interest earnings, higher equity markets and solid client net inflows. Earnings per share increased 21% from last year from revenue trends, well-managed expenses and differentiated capital return. And ROE increased 290 basis points to nearly 49%.  Over the past 5 years, we have generated 6% revenue and 15% EPS compounded annual growth and 1,170 basis points of improvement in ROE. This is differentiated performance across multiple cycles compared to our peers and speaks to the complementary nature of our business mix and the growth of our Wealth Management business.  Turning to Slide 12. You can see Wealth Management was a significant contributor to Ameriprise's successful performance, driving 2/3 of the company's operating earnings. Our advisers are becoming more productive with the support of our advice model, with revenue per adviser of $916,000 in the year, up 8% on an annualized basis from 2018. And we are growing profitably with 16% growth in pretax earnings since 2018. And over that time frame, our Wealth Management margin has expanded 840 basis points to nearly 31%, putting at industry-leading levels.  Now let's finish with the balance sheet on Slide 13. Our solid balance sheet fundamentals and free cash flow generation have supported our ability to execute a consistent capital return strategy, while continuing to invest for growth.  In 2023, we returned $2.5 billion to shareholders, with $587 million in the fourth quarter. But over the past 5 years, we returned $12 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. This included the repurchase of 41 million shares at an average price of $215, resulting in a net reduction in our share count of 25%.  Looking ahead, capital management will continue to be a point of differentiation for Ameriprise.  With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken from UBS.
Brennan Hawken: I'd like to start with the bank. So we've got $3 billion. I believe you've indicated that there's expectation for $3 billion of maturities expected. Can you give a sense, given where rates are in the market today, what kind of yield pickup you're likely to see on those balances? And whether or not you have visibility into what those maturities might be in 2025.
Walter Berman: Sure. So the -- let me -- in '25, we anticipate it will still be $25 billion. Again, these are payoff from that standpoint. And when we look at it -- let me answer the question this way. From a net interest income standpoint, why we evaluate looking at various scenarios and using the forward curves, the generation in 2024 and '25 will be higher than that in 2023 because again, the rates we have been adding at are very -- rates close to 6%. And that runoff will be basically coming through. And our reinvestments, the differentials, will still allow us to have a higher net interest income in 2024 and '25. But it's $3 billion in both years.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then one sort of mechanical question. So quarter-over-quarter, off-balance sheet broker-dealer yield compressed pretty substantially. But it's my understanding that that's tied to the $2.5 billion of cash sweep tied to Comerica. So was -- is that right? And was that due to like some kind of promotional or temporary crediting rate? And when is that expected to roll off and normalize?
Walter Berman: So if we're talking about now the off balance sheet rate on a sequential basis, is that what you're referring to?
Brennan Hawken: Yes, exactly.
Walter Berman: So that -- yes, we did take on a $2.5 billion for Comerica, and that will transition through over the next 6 months. And the use of that, certainly that will work towards the rate increasing. But our base rate has basically stayed the same ex-Comerica. There's been no change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: First, I just wanted to follow up on the comment on net interest income. In terms of 2024 and 2025 expecting to be higher than 2023, what did you -- can you give us any sense of what you assumed in terms of the forward rates when you made that comment? Was that using the forward curve, or any more color there?
Walter Berman: We are using the forward curve, and we run sensitivity. But what my statement was referring to was the forward curve as -- the latest forward curve.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. And then just in terms of the size of the bank. Can you give any color on kind of expectations for potentially moving some of the cash suite balance into the bank and how -- what you think the bank asset size could grow to over the course of '24?
Walter Berman: Sure. So right now, we are seeing stability and really little growth in our sweep accounts. So we feel very comfortable about it. And we still have buffer there. So we are evaluating that, but we'll be more measured as we go forward because we've certainly placed and shifted a substantial amount. But you would see that it will be increasing but at a slower pace as we evaluate these sweep balances that support that. So I would say that it will be increasing but at a slower pace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Alex, please go ahead with your question.
Alexander Blostein: Can you guys hear me?
Walter Berman: Yes.
Alexander Blostein: I wanted to ask you guys a question around a substantial amount of cash that you guys have on the sidelines. I think it was north of $30 billion. I know you sort of talked about some of that coming into some of the investment products. But as you sort of think about what are the likely areas where this capital could go into with respect to wrap accounts or something else, how would you frame that? And maybe talk through some of the revenue lift that you could get from that?
Walter Berman: You're talking about where our cash sits today on...
Alexander Blostein: So not stuff that's in the sweep, right? But there's been other capital that I think is actually earning you guys not a whole lot, whether it's the CDs or money market funds. Where do those balances are and where that could shift?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So those balances are in money markets and brokerage CDs short term that will roll off. And so as they do, I think advisers will evaluate whether they put that back into the market. And if they did, I would probably say a portion of that would go back, a reasonable portion, will go back most likely into wrap type programs, imbalanced type portfolios, which would include both equities and fixed income, et cetera, alternatives.  On the other side of it, there, we've seen a bit of a pickup in some transactional activity as well in the fourth quarter. So some of that will go back into transactional type activities as they look at longer duration type products as well. So again, that's really as advisers look at the market and they put money to work over time for their clients.
Alexander Blostein: I got you. And then my second question was just around operating leverage for the firm and obviously encouraging to hear your comments around G&A outlook. If you roll that through, it seems like the margin in the asset management business could be materially higher than sort of your longer-term ranges. Obviously, not a terrible thing. But as you sort of think about those historical targets, are they still something you're trying to manage the business to? Or it's really just kind of more of the output because the fees are obviously off to a very good start in 2024 and expenses are going to be very tightly managed?
Walter Berman: Yes. So obviously, we've been very proactive in managing the controllable aspect of that on the expenses, not just in AWM, even in AM, but across the board. So yes. Obviously, it will be dependent on several factors as it relates to markets or other things as it relates to margin. But with -- right, I'm not going to forecast exactly where it goes, but I think we feel comfortable that we have put in place our control of G&A at Asset Management and that we have the capability with the right set of conditions sets going on with markets. And certainly, if we as we get -- make progress on our flows, that is -- certainly can increase. But right now, we're comfortable with the current levels that we have, but we have the potential.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: So wanted to start off with just a question on the AWM margin. Just given some of your larger wirehouse peers have guided to lower wealth margins for the next few quarters, given the absence of NII tailwinds, incremental investments to sustain organic growth. You noted, Walter, that your spread revenues will be more resilient in '24. But do you believe you can sustain that north of 30% pretax margin in AWM even in the face of rate cuts in line with the forward curve?
Walter Berman: Yes. So I think that we have reasonable confidence that we will be able to sustain. But obviously, there are variables that go into that. But as I indicated, our net interest income was -- 2024, will certainly be higher than '23. So yes, I think we have a reasonable level of confidence in that.
Steven Chubak: That's great. And just for my follow-up on capital return, the payout came in below the 80% target. Apologies if I missed this. But just wanted to get a sense as to how we should be thinking about the payout trajectory over the next few quarters, especially in light of the robust excess capital generation that we've been seeing.
Walter Berman: So yes, we came in at 79%, I would agree with you, for the year. And right now, we -- our capacity and capability certainly remains very strong, as you can see from the elements and certainly generation. So I would think that a continuation of that strategy is probably a reasonable expectation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath from Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Just wanted to start with the Asset Management business and the expense reductions that you're doing there. Clearly, you're trying to defend your margin, which I understand. But it feels like we're starting to see potentially some commercial impacts there. I think you alluded to some outflows related to head count reduction. So I guess my question is, how are you thinking about sort of trying to balance that, right, where you're cutting expenses but at the same time potentially seeing some negative commercial impacts?
Walter Berman: Well, from what you saw from basically the breakage that we took, it wasn't -- basically a proactive evaluation of the payback that we were getting. So that was a conscious decision on our part. Our expense plan has been basically evaluated on the basis of , but looking at process and how we can improve efficiency. So we feel very good about.  There is some basically spillover effects as you get to managing that ultimate return, and some we will get breakage. We believe the breakage, certainly, we saw what we saw this year, there will be some but manageable -- taking place in 2024, but manageable. But again, it's a conscious decision on our part, and we feel we give them opportunities to certainly redeploy the money in other products that we have.  So it's -- again, it's we are controlling what we can and we -- which is on the G&A expense, and it's through a conscious review of expense management.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Got it. And then just a level set on that $82 billion cash number that you talked about. I mean, if I think about that relative to total client assets, it seems like it's upwards around 8%, 9%, which is almost 2x, I think what you guys normally would expect. Is that the right way to think about it? And then over time, as rates kind of normalize that kind of 8% to 9% cash balance would probably trickle back down to somewhere in that 4% to 5% range and that's really the opportunity set that's in front of you in that business?
James Cracchiolo: Yes, Suneet. So it is sort of like double the amount that clients are holding usually compared to where they used to be. And again, advisers look at it with their clients and they're getting a 5-plus yield on it, just to sit tight, with unclear about the market moves, et cetera. So I do believe that over time, that money will be redeployed, but holding at higher rates right now, it's not an uncomfortable thing for clients that are advised us to keep extra cash there.
Suneet Kamath: And is there any reason why that money wouldn't come to Ameriprise? I mean it sounds like it's in products outside of your firm, but obviously, your advisers do holistic financial planning. So is there any reason why, either from a diversification perspective or anything, why that money might want to stay outside of Ameriprise?
James Cracchiolo: In fact, the money is at Ameriprise. The advisers have just put it into whether money market or brokered CDs, where there was a bigger lineup of brokered CDs before we had our bank and CDs that we'll be launching. So I think it's a -- vary. But they -- just as they did that, they put it into our own certificate program as well, and that grew nicely. It's up to $13 billion in total.  So I think it was just the outlets for where to talk the cash. I think as we put more bank products in, as we develop the bank, some of that will go into our bank products. We think also there's an opportunity for us to capture more cash from our clients holding it at their banking institutions. But the money that's currently that $81 billion is at Ameriprise. And as that rolls over or opportunity the advisers to rebalance accounts, they'll put that money to work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: First question, just on the layoffs in Asset Management, I think it was 12 PMs. Can you comment on the size of the AUM that they were managing, and what exactly happened there? Did you merge or close any funds? Did you replace them? Just a little more color there.
Walter Berman: Well, with the breakage, it was basically on that one we closed upon. And obviously, we've looked for alternatives and was institutional. And then the other funds, we feel there are opportunities where we can basically merge them into other products that we have and to get the efficiencies and effect on that. So it's -- it was a capital review of it, and we just felt, based on payback, it would make sense to do that.
Thomas Gallagher: And Walter, the total AUM related to the layoffs, are you able to provide that?
Walter Berman: Right now, the -- of the $2 billion was basically the -- that was the amount in that fund pretty much.
Thomas Gallagher: Right. But of the -- I think it was 12 PMs that were let go, are you able to size that in the entirety?
Walter Berman: I would have to get back to you exactly on the 12, but I think the majority of it is still related back to the breakage that we see -- we saw. But let me get back to you on that.
Thomas Gallagher: The redeployment out of corporate into the segments, I think it's around $15 million. Can you explain what happened there? Was it all NII or what happened on that reallocation of the segments?
Walter Berman: Yes. So what we have, obviously, intercompany cash transferring that goes between the segments. And we evaluated AWM that the crediting rate that we were giving that was not really, I would say, [indiscernible] and market-driven, and so we adjusted it based upon the condition sets that we saw today. And that will be something that will remain in AWM's profitability going forward based -- as long as the levels to stay where they are.  The second one was really an element of relating to -- we looked at our models as it relates to RPS, and it was -- candidly, it was not the right rate. It was -- we were just not crediting them with the right amount, as simple as that. And yes, it's in all net interest income, and it has no effect on the company that shifts the money.
Thomas Gallagher: Right. Just a reallocation among segments, that makes sense.  And then just final follow-up. This 90% sustainable free cash flow conversion, you returned to 80% in '23. Do you plan on stepping that back up to 90% in '24? Or should we expect it to remain closer to 80%? Do you have an idea of where...
Walter Berman: As we said, opportunistically, we have the capacity, we certainly -- as you see, we generate a lot of free cash flow, and we evaluate that as looking at the opportunities we are continuing to invest and with in our business. So that's not a constraining factor. So I would say right now, it's a reasonable estimate to assume the level that we just had, and then we will adjust to be opportunistic about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Just one on the expense management initiatives. Are there -- wonder if you could just further flesh it out, looking for any other areas outside of Asset Management. And perhaps wondering if you could just give a little bit in terms of time frames, are these actions all to be completed within this year?
Walter Berman: Yes. So what you saw with the $26 million severance and certainly our plans, that these are all actionable and, certainly, from our standpoint, have already been put into play. And so we are -- you should see the benefit of that materializing as -- we're basically looking at our expenses for 2024 will be flat at a minimum. And obviously, we continue to make substantial investments in the various businesses, especially in AWM. So it's -- we have pretty high confidence on this.
Kenneth Lee: Got you. Very helpful. And then just one follow-up. Any updated thinking in terms of potential reinsurance transaction on the RPS side, just especially given recent industry developments and the rate environment?
Walter Berman: Yes. Listen, we have certainly observed the recent transactions, and we feel that it creates an opportunity. And from that standpoint, as we always said, we're always looking for the bid ask. And I think those bid asks are certainly coming in alignment and provides an opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark McLaughlin from Bank of America.
Mark McLaughlin: I believe in your opening remarks, you had mentioned you were seeing a stabilization of cash levels through January. I was just curious if you had any more color year-to-date on that. I would have expected more redeployments just from seasonality rebalancing and distributions and the like.
Walter Berman: In the sweep accounts, and this is as of 2 days ago, we have seen a complete stabilization from that standpoint, a little increase. So we're obviously observing -- understand the seasonality of it. But certainly, it's what I indicated, and that's through 2 days ago.
Mark McLaughlin: Awesome. And then my other question had to do with retirement and protection. You guys had a pretty sizable pickup in the yield for your net investment income. I was curious if you could give us an update on any color on the investment profile of that book. Just trying to get a better idea of sensitivity to rates there.
Walter Berman: No, that's invested out now. We took advantage of the rate situation as we saw. So that is pretty much completed at this view. And also, as I indicated, it will get to pick up going forward of certainly the intercompany cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: In this PM reduction in Asset Management, it clearly followed a thorough review. In that review, were there areas of growth identified? Are you looking to get larger in any specific products that maybe have come to surface out of that PM review?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So what we did is we had some teams that we felt they're managing small levels of assets, and it wasn't economical for us in those areas. But we have good teams that could have assumed those assets and had good performance. So we made adjustments there. But in so doing, yes, we have reviewed our overall front office and all of the products and the portfolios and the capabilities that we have on the investment side.  We feel there's a good opportunity. We always have that in the equity part of the arena. But we feel really that we do have a good fixed income and credit shop and that we think there's opportunity for us to actually get a greater fair share there as we continue to look at what the environment is. And so -- but we've evaluated that both domestically and internationally. And we're picking our pockets of where we really want to double down.
John Barnidge: And then my follow-up question is around the risk transfers and the comment about the bid and ask. You've seen the market change a little bit to include third-party sidecars. Would that be an area of interest?
Walter Berman: Well, we've looked at it, and candidly for us, probably not because of the most people enter into that for growth purposes, and we have a fairly large share. So probably not. It's not -- but we continue to look.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] stepping in for Mike Cyprys of Morgan Stanley. Just wanted to ask a big picture question about the opportunity set for broadening out to affiliation options. We've clearly seen a lot of growth coming through the channel, in particular. I'm just curious how you guys are thinking about the opportunity to capture some of that growth.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. The team is focused on the RIA channel as well in developing our distribution platform capabilities there. And we will put some emphasis there as we move forward as part of our intermediary distribution capabilities.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. And as a follow-up, somewhat related, can you tell us a little bit more about what tech initiatives you have in place at the moment for advisers in terms of what you're doing to help the Ameriprise platform stand out and differentiate itself in the marketplace, and particularly what you have coming over the next, say, 12 to 24 months in terms of the tech pipeline?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. We feel unbelievably good about our total platform for the advisers, from our combination of CRM platform, which is the latest and the greatest of all the capabilities with all the integrated technology and data that they can use on their client portfolios and engagement, to our e-meeting capabilities that actually help them actually put together their actual proposals for clients and the engagement of meeting with them regarding their needs.  Two, even our AI capabilities, helping them identify opportunities in their book.  So we feel really good about the suite of capabilities that we have, but those capabilities are all integrated, which makes the adviser much easier with their dashboards to engage their clients to manage their books and to have that deeper engagement with them through the advice planning models. So we feel really good and we're continuing to invest heavily. And that's complemented by all the mobile and the web capabilities that we have for them to do business. So we feel that we have a state-of-the-art type of system our availability is very strong. And so we feel it is a differentiating point for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Schmitt from William Blair.
Jeffrey Schmitt: The gross fee yield on client cash looks to be around 5% or maybe 5.25%, but what are new money yields at right now, I guess, on that $3 billion that will roll over and what type of maturities are you investing in there?
Walter Berman: Well, we're still staying in the maturity range of the 3.5 range. And it's right now, it's a tad under 6%.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Under 6%, okay. And then any sense on why that Comerica Bank cash was kind of so high as a percentage of assets? And I guess, will your advisers be advising them to put more of that to work so we could see that come down?
Walter Berman: Yes, there is an opportunity, it is high as a percentage. It's certainly a [indiscernible] and I think that's one of the reasons and certainly with the engaged arrangement, we give them the opportunity. But it's -- we do see it coming down.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken from UBS. Brennan, your line is open.
Brennan Hawken: I just wanted to double click on the NII expectation and confirm when you said that you expect NII to be up 2024 versus '23 and then '25 versus '24. Is that for all cash economics both on and off the balance sheet, or is that just a part of it?
Walter Berman: That was for all.
Brennan Hawken: All, okay. Excellent. And can you speak to cash trends you've seen in January? And what expectations for balances or betas underpin that growth because it's better than we were expecting.
Walter Berman: Hold on, let me go back. That was actually for the bank. I was giving you the bank on that one. I apologize.
Brennan Hawken: It's for the bank. Okay, got it.
Walter Berman: Second question was?
Brennan Hawken: It was about the -- no, never mind. Because if it was about the bank, then that makes more sense because I could...
Walter Berman: It's definitely -- it's the bank.
Operator: We have no further questions in our queue at this time. This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Chris and I will be your operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s third quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’d be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website on Slide 2, you see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provides insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call maybe forward-looking reflecting management’s expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our third quarter 2023 earnings release, our 2022 annual report to shareholders and our 2022 10-K. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the third quarter. Below that, you will see our adjusted operating results, followed by operating results excluding unlocking, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business, by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. We completed our annual unlocking in the third quarter. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I will turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning and thanks for joining our call. Yesterday afternoon, Ameriprise reported strong third quarter earnings. The business continues to perform very well in a fluid and uncertain operating environment. Across the firm, we are helping clients navigate external pressures with our high-quality advice solutions and service. As you can see in our results, Ameriprise continues to benefit from the complementary strength and flexibility of our business and our talented team. Regarding the economic landscape, while inflation has come down a bit, it remains elevated, so it’s likely we will see higher interest rates for longer. Economic growth in the United States continues to hold up well even with increased rates. However, consumer sentiment in the United States is declining and we may see soft economic growth in the future. Additionally, the geopolitical climate is causing further volatility. Equity markets have been resilient and were up year-over-year but down slightly in the quarter. At the same time, many investors are holding greater levels of cash and feel comfortable earning competitive yields in cash products. Our assets under management and administration reached $1.2 trillion, up 12% and financials were also strong. We delivered record operating results in the quarter. Excluding unlocking and a regulatory accrual, total adjusted operating net revenue grew nicely, up 10% to $3.9 billion, and earnings were also quite strong, up 18% with EPS up considerably, an increase of 24%. Additionally, our return on equity was 49.9% compared to 48% a year ago. Very few firms in our industry achieved nearly a 50% ROE on an ongoing basis. Our complementary businesses consistently generate strong financial results. Let’s start with wealth management. Our advice value proposition is built for the current environment. Advisers are focused on ensuring clients are highly engaged and deepening relationships with them. Importantly, client satisfaction remains at an excellent 4.9 out of 5 stars. Total client assets increased 15% to $816 billion with good client net flows of $8.9 billion in market appreciation. We continue to attract more new clients and move up market as we grow our client base. And we know from industry research that more investors need guidance. In fact, among the fluent households, many investors in the marketplace still don’t have a formal plan to manage assets, income and expenses and retirement. As we highlighted previously, our advisers continue to hold a higher level of cash for their clients with the highest short-term yields they’re able to attain and the market uncertainty. Therefore, we continue to see a lower percentage of our assets moving into wrap with $5.4 billion in the quarter. As markets settle, we expect that money will ultimately be redeployed into wrap and other solutions. Our re-entry back into the banking business came at the right time and is very beneficial for the firm. Assets in the bank and certificate company continued to increase substantially up 37% to $35 billion. With interest rates at this level, we’re able to gain meaningful spread revenues that are sustainable when the Fed does start to cut rates. We will also be launching new products in the bank that will bring over additional client cash that they’re holding at other banking institutions. And overall, after a bit of a slowdown last year, we saw a nice increase in transactional activity up 11%. As you know, we continue to invest to put great capabilities in advisers’ hands to drive high satisfaction and growth and deliver an exceptional experience. We’re using advanced analytics to deliver an even better client and adviser experience. This includes a complete practice dashboard to enhance practice management, prepare for client meetings more efficiently, identify opportunities to grow their business and deepen their client relationships. In the quarter, we were back in the market with our successful Ameriprise brand advertising across TV, digital and social channels. We also redesigned our client website to even be more engaging, highlighting the unique benefits of working with an Ameriprise adviser. Adviser productivity increased another 10% to a new high of $901,000 per adviser in the quarter. Our adviser retention and growth are both consistently among the best in the industry. Regarding recruiting, we brought in another 64 experienced productive advisers. We had a bit of a seasonal slowdown of activity to begin the quarter but saw a nice pickup in September and we believe that we’ll return to more normal levels as we move through the rest of the year. Our reputation is an important differentiator. We recently learned that Ameriprise is being recognized for both a high level of customer trust and service. We received one of the highest customer trust index scores among financial services firms and foresters 2023 U.S. Customer Trust Index. And for the fifth consecutive year, J.D. Power has recognized Ameriprise for providing outstanding customer service experience for phone support for advisers. These awards build on the external recognition we have received over the years and are a testament to the dedication and expertise of our team. Finally, in terms of profitability, Wealth Management continues to generate strong pre-tax adjusted operating margin at more than 30% and earnings growth of 23%. Now let’s move to Retirement and Protection which is part of our wealth management solutions offering. We’re driving good sales in targeted focused areas that serve our clients’ comprehensive needs and generate good risk-adjusted returns. In our life business, we focused on variable universal life and disability products that are appropriate for this environment. Life and health sales were up nicely, increasing 22%, with the majority of sales in higher-margin accumulation VUL products. We’re also seeing positive initial results from our accelerated underwriting modeling, that’s highly automated and will drive further efficiencies as we roll it out more fully. In variable annuities, our structured product continues to attract good interest. Combined with our variable annuities without living benefits, sales were up 18% from a year ago. In the quarter, our RiverSource Retirement interactive tool which helps advisers create customized client presentations was recognized with several industry awards for innovation and ease of use. With the increase in rates, we’re able to garner improved yield in our high-quality investment portfolio. Excluding unlocking, pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were more than $200 million. Our RPS business has been highlighted as one of the most profitable in the industry. Let’s turn to Asset Management. As you saw in the quarter, assets under management were $587 billion, up 7%, it remains a challenging time, both in asset management and the active space in particular. Our flows were largely consistent with the industry. In retail, as we know, people are still hesitant to put money to work, so gross sales were a bit weaker. However, redemptions have improved and our overall flow rates in the U.S. are in line with active managers for the product disciplines we compete in. And in Europe, our flows have improved a bit from a year ago. Institutional mandates can be lumpy, but we were in net flows, excluding legacy insurance partners. We’re earning mandates in a number of areas, though LDI flows in total were down compared to a robust quarter a year ago. In regard to our investment performance, we have strong short- and long-term performance across equities, fixed income and asset allocation with a nice pickup in the short-term fixed income. And now about 70% of our asset-weighted funds were above the median for 3- and 5-year periods and more than 85% for the 10-year period. This is a positive and will help our ability to garner flows in the future. Also in the quarter, we completed one of the largest aspects of the EMEA integration, the transition to our global order management system. With that, we have now completed all of the large integration activities. We are now focused on adjusting our global operating model and expenses so we can continue to generate good margins in a tough climate. For Asset Management, adjusted operating margin was 36% and above our targeted range. G&A was down 3% adjusted for foreign exchange. We also have taken action to tightly manage expenses and we’re looking more fully across the business to continue to reduce expenses and leverage more operating efficiencies for the rest of this year and into 2024. I’d like to now come back to set the stage in the total firm. Our complementary businesses continue to give us the ability to deliver for our clients and generate very strong financial results over the years. Our capital strength and flexibility remain excellent. Our capital return to shareholders is among the highest in the industry and we have consistently generated strong financial returns over the years, including with our best-in-class ROE of approximately 50%. Ameriprise is situated very well, including with the complementary addition of the bank, which allows us to sustain the benefit from higher rates. We’re not standing still. We’re focused on areas of opportunity for growth and at the same time, we’re examining the entire expense base across the firm to further prepare, if the economic environment slows as we move into and through 2024. In closing, it’s the totality of our complementary business and the benefits that it provides back to our excellent team that enables us to consistently achieve this level of results. Now Walter will elaborate on our financials. Walter?
Walter Berman: Thank you. As Jim said, strong results this quarter continue to demonstrate the leverage of our diversified business model, with adjusted EPS, excluding unlocking and regulatory accrual up 24% and to $7.87. Growth in fee-based and spread-based revenues, coupled with disciplined expense management drove excellent financial results which is a continuation of our strong and sustainable trend across this market cycle. Assets under management and administration ended the quarter at $1.2 trillion up 12%, AUMA benefit from strong client flows and market appreciation. Across the firm, we continue to manage expenses tightly relative to the revenue opportunity within each segment. While we continue to make investments in the bank and other growth initiatives, particularly in wealth management, we are taking a disciplined approach on discretionary expenses to manage margins across our businesses given the uncertainty in the macro environment. G&A expenses were well managed in the quarter, up 4%. Excluding the regulatory accrual General and Administrative expense grew 2% from higher business volumes and growth investments. Our G&A expenses remain on track with our expectations for the year. Our consolidated margin reached a record high of 27.5%, excluding unlocking and regulatory accruals. Balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. Our portfolio is well positioned, and we have strong capital and liquidity positions. This allowed us to return $663 million of capital to shareholders, a strong return of 81% of our operating earnings, excluding unlocking and a continuation of our differentiated track record. Turning to Slide 6. Revenue growth was strong at 10% from higher interest earnings and the cumulative benefit of client net inflows with average equity markets up 11%. Excluding unlocking and the regulatory accrual, pretax operating earnings increased 20% from last year, with meaningful benefits from strong client flows higher interest earnings and well-managed expenses. Let’s turn to individual segment performance, beginning with Wealth Management on Slide 7. Wealth Management client assets increased 15% to $816 billion driven by strong organic growth and client flows, along with higher equity markets. We’ve had $43 billion of net inflows over the past year, with $9 billion coming in this quarter from new clients joining the firm, the deepening of existing relationships and adding experienced advisers. Clients remain defensively positioned with a lower level of flows into wrap than we have seen historically. Our flexible model and broader offerings allow advisers and clients to pivot as markets and client preferences shift, while the money stays within the system. Revenue per adviser reached $901,000 in the quarter, up 10% from the prior year from a higher spread revenue, enhanced productivity and business growth. Turning to Slide 8. I’d like to provide an update on client cash levels. Our total cash balances reached a new high this quarter at $72.5 billion as we continue to see new money flowing into money market funds and brokered CDs as well as into certificates. This creates a significant redeployment opportunity as markets normalized for clients to put money back to work in wrap and over products on our platform. Cash sweep is launching working cash for our client accounts. While there is some seasonality with cash levels, cash remains an important component of the client’s asset allocation. Cash sweep and certificate balance ended the third quarter at $40.5 billion, down $5.8 billion from a year ago and down $1.5 billion sequentially. Since the end of August, cash levels have been essentially flat. Our sweep cash has an average size of $6,000 per account and 67% of the aggregate cash is now in accounts under $100,000, and we have seen very limited movement out of these accounts. The financial benefit from cash remains strong. This will be an important and sustainable source of earnings going forward. We continue to manage our investment portfolios prudently. Our bank portfolio is AAA rated with a 3.6-year duration. The overall yield on the investments in the portfolio is 4.7% and rising with the new money yield on investments in the second quarter of 6.5%. Our certificate portfolio is highly liquid of over half of the portfolio in cash, governments and agencies. It is AA rated on average with a 1-year duration. In total, specific company portfolio is now yielding 5.6%, with new purchases in the quarter at 6%. On Slide 9, we delivered extremely strong financial results and wealth management. Profitability, excluding the regulatory accrual increased 26% in the quarter with strong organic growth, the benefit of higher interest rates and continued client net inflows. The pretax operating margin was very strong at 31.1%, excluding the regulatory accrual. Adjusted operating expenses increased 9% with distribution expenses up 9%, reflecting higher asset balances. Excluding the regulatory group, G&A grew only 2%, which was in-line with expectations, reflecting investments for growth and higher volume-related activity. We continue to expect AW1 full year 2023 G&A growth to be in the mid single-digit range. We remain on track to close the Comerica investment program partnership in November, which will bring approximately 100 advisers and $18 billion of client assets. Let’s turn to Asset Management on Slide 10. Financial results were very strong in the quarter, and we are managing the business well through a challenging environment that is impacting the industry. Total AUM increased 7% to $587 billion, primarily from higher equity markets and foreign exchange translation, partially offset by net outflows. Asset management, like other active managers, was in outflows in the quarter. Like others, we experienced pressure from global market volatility and a risk-off investor sentiment. Investment performance has been another critical area of focus, and we are seeing improvement, including in fixed income strategies. Overall, long-term performance remains very strong, and we had improvement in 1-year fixed income numbers. On Slide 11, in the quarter, asset management earnings increased to $199 million as a result of equity market appreciation, discipline and expense management, higher performance fees and $7 million of favorable timing-related items, which more than offset the cumulative impact of net outflows. The margin was 36% in the quarter. Importantly, we continue to manage the areas we can control. Expenses remain well managed, total expenses declined 1% with G&A decreasing $1 million. However, excluding the impact from foreign exchange translation, G&A was down 3%, reflecting early benefits from expense management initiatives. As Jim said, given the environment, we are taking a very focused look of course of business globally to further reduce expenses.  Let’s turn to Slide 12. Retirement & Protection solutions continues to deliver good earnings and free cash flow generation. Reflecting the high quality of the business. In the quarter pretax adjusted operating earnings excluding unlocking, were $204 million, up 4% from the prior year, primarily as a result of the higher investment yields from the portfolio repositioning we executed last year. We continue to view normalized annual earnings of $800 million as a reasonable expectation for this business. We completed our annual actuarial assumption update in the quarter resulting in an unfavorable pretax impact of $104 million, primarily related to updates to persistency assumptions for variable annuities. Overall, Retirement & Protection Solutions improved in the quarter, with protection sales up 22% to $79 million, primarily in higher-margin UL products. Variable annuity sales grew 18% to $1.1 billion, with the majority of the sales in structured variable annuities. Our long-term care business continues to perform very well. The business is gradually running off as clients age. Our claims experience continues to perform very well and remain in-line with our expectations. Additionally, I’ll assess with both rate increases and benefit reduction strategies have exceeded our expectations. You can see additional detail of this block in the appendix of this presentation. Now let’s move to the balance sheet on Slide 13. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong, and our diversified high-quality investment portfolio remains well positioned. In total, the average credit rating of the portfolio is AA with less than 1% of the portfolio and below investment-grade securities. VA hedge effectiveness remained very strong at 94%. Our diversified business model benefits from significant and stable 90% free cash flow contributions across all business segments. This supports the consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders. During the quarter, we returned $663 million to shareholders and still ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of excess capital and $1.9 billion of holding company available liquidity. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So wanted to start with a two-part question on organic growth within wealth. You had another solid quarter of flows, but the pace did moderate slightly for you and frankly, some of your wealth peers as well. Just given the challenging operating backdrop, I was hoping first that you could speak to your confidence level in sustaining that mid-single-digit flow rate and then second, with the onboarding of Comerica, any color you can share on the growth outlook or backlog for new mandates within the bank channel?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. I’ll start. When we look at the flow rate from a client perspective, we still feel very good about the ability to bring in client flows and where we’re approaching the market, particularly as we move a bit more upmarket. As you would imagine, I mean, there are some blips and not blips depending on where you are in the season. I think people for the summer time things slowed a bit. But we don’t see that as sort of a trend line down. We see it as more of a sustainable based on what we’re doing, how advisers are engaged and how they are attracting clients and activity in the marketplace. So we still feel very good about our ability to continue on the client flow rate. As far as the Comerica – you want to mention…
Walter Berman: Yes, obviously, we’re on total target for closure with in the beginning of November. And yes, we do have a very active pipeline at this stage. So yes, it’s – we feel that there is opportunity.
Steven Chubak: That’s great. And just for my follow-up on the Asset Management margins. As you noted, the business is facing secular headwinds and given some of the pressures, I was pleasantly surprised by the margin strength, the resiliency that we saw in the quarter. I was hoping you could just speak to your margin outlook if flow headwinds persist and whether there is additional expense flexibility to defend those margins and stay within your targeted range of 31% to 35%.
Jim Cracchiolo: So as you saw, first on the fee level, it’s been very stable, which is very positive. Again, you’re going to always have some adjustments based upon where the assets and the type of assets, institutional retail. But from an outlook perspective, we’re just beginning our expense tightening there. You saw a reduction in expense around 3% on FX adjusted. But we feel there is a good opportunity for us as we look at our global operating environment now that we’ve fully integrated the BMO acquisition onto our global platforms. And now we’re looking at how we tighten those processes, how we improve the efficiency, the operating effectiveness and where resources are located, etcetera. So we’re taking a very hard look at that and we’re at the beginning stages of that, not the end.
Steven Chubak: Really helpful color. Thanks very much for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the questions as well. So first, maybe around cash in Advice & Wealth Management. It sounds like the trends in sorting continue to stabilize over the course of the quarter. So maybe just a quick update on where the balances stand relative to the $28 billion that you reported at the end of September. And I guess, more importantly, as you think about the mix, I think you have about $4 billion of balance sheet sweep deposits. Does that leave you much room to move more into the bank or the growth of the bank from this point on really should just be a function of reinvestment of securities and picking up some of that incremental yield that you spoke to earlier?
Walter Berman: Okay. I think the question is we ended the quarter at $28 billion on sweep. And as of October, it’s $28 billion. And so it is totally stabilized from that standpoint. Yes, we do have certainly a buffer to move into the bank. We are just being very measured and cautious at this stage as we were evaluating the environment, but we do have certainly a buffer to move additional land.
Alex Blostein: Great. And zooming out a little bit on – given your comments around expenses and you’re early in stages of maybe doing more on the asset management side, but also managing G&A tightly across the firm. Any early thoughts on 2024 G&A growth firm wide relative to what you’re likely to do in 2023?
Jim Cracchiolo: So Alex, we’re definitely in that review now. What I would say is to start the G&A would be flat at best, meaning it works in a sense of that it’s not going up.
Alex Blostein: And that’s a ‘24 over ‘23, correct?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes.
Alex Blostein: Okay, thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, and remember, you got merit in other things that occur, but we are going to absorb all of that and we are looking for it not to be higher than flat.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the question. So, I was looking for an update on the recruiting front. Financial advisor headcount was down in the quarter. Franchise retention was lower. And the 64 new recruit count was also below the prior run rate. So, I was just wondering if you can give us an update for your expectation both recruiting and FA headcount growth over the next 12 months.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, as we mentioned, recruiting was a bit slower in the third quarter, but it started to bounce back towards the latter part of the quarter. July started a bit slower. I think people – vacations and other things as you probably saw around the country. But we saw that bounce back in September. The pipeline is quite strong that we think we will get back to our consistent rate. And then you mentioned a little bit of an uptick in attrition. The attrition really in that channel was mainly due to assistant financial advisors, which is again, the turnover there is a bit higher. All the franchisees, their retention rate is still at all-time highs and that book of business stays. So, it’s more of some assistance in their practices as they make some changes. So, we don’t see any change in where we were.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks Jim. And then on the client cash balances, I was wondering if you could just share what the ROEs look like on the certificates business, compared to your core cash balances and products. And just update us on if you – what are your plans to grow this space further. I think you have to hold about 5% capital against the asset base and also, I think there is probably some value in extending CDs to third-parties. It helps to expand your brand, etcetera.
Walter Berman: Let me take the first part of the question on the certificates. Yes, certificates as a regulatory item has 5% capital elements associated with that. But when we evaluate it, we obviously assess it. So, that’s the regulatory portion of it. And so we feel very comfortable with that. And the growth potential there is certainly we have adequate enough capital and cash to support that. So, that is the range in which we operate on. And then certainly, it’s been growing, and we have been supporting it.
Jim Cracchiolo: The second part you mentioned is the opportunity to bring in more external cash if I understood that correctly. And yes, we are very much focused. As we said, we initially put a savings product. We are looking at more of a preferred type of thing to bring one fashion [ph] from other – from the clients other outside banking activities. We are going to be putting in place a full checking account and then some various lending products as well. So, we will look to establish a more full-fledged banking activity, with the ability to attract more assets externally into the bank that would also help bring more assets onboard in total for the client activities for the advisors.
Walter Berman: The only thing I would add to that is that obviously, we have more than enough out to support that sort of growth that Jim was just referring to.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to go to that slide that talked about the $32 billion of third-party cash. I guess that piece has grown substantially. And I guess the question is, what do you think needs to happen in order for that to get deployed? Because it sounds like you are thinking some of it may go into wrap, but then you are offering these newer bank products that might move some of that third-party cash to our own products. So, maybe just give us a sense of how you think that will develop as we move forward here? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So Suneet, I think that’s really the larger question, right. And that depends on how people feel about the market and where rates are going forward, right. So, I think if you saw the market over the last number of quarters that – it increased tremendously with a lot of volatility and people were concerned, right. A few stocks drove that up. Now, you see a pullback occurring, right. So, I think if the market starts to feel like it’s on a better, more solid footing, I think people will start to deploy back. I also think that as rates, if they stabilize on the long-term up where they are rather than continue to rise, you will see money move from the short to the long-term to lock it in, right, and get that appreciation and the spread. So, I don’t have a crystal ball. But I think we are holding extra cash for the reason that we feel a little bit regarding the environment and where the markets are. But that will go back. People don’t hold that amount of cash at that percentage that we are seeing right now. And I think that’s across the industry, not just in our channel. So – but it’s good. It stays with us right now. And when it’s ready to deploy, our advisors will definitely do it. They look – we are investing for the long-term, not just to take advantage of the market in the short-term.
Suneet Kamath: And can you just provide some timing on when you are planning on rolling out some of those other banking products that you mentioned in response to an earlier question?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. We are looking to do that over the course of the New Year. So, we are looking to phase that in. And right now, we are just looking at the climate and looking at the operating activities for that. So, we feel good about getting things up and running in the bank in more of a full-fledged fashion. So, it will be periodic. We will alert you to it as we go about.
Suneet Kamath: It makes sense. And then maybe just if I could sneak one more in on expenses for Walter. So, I think you said flat in 2024 relative to ‘23. When you think about the segment level, should we assume a little bit of a decline in asset management offset by some growth in Advice & Wealth Management just in terms of the moving pieces there?
Walter Berman: Yes, I think that’s a reasonable assumption. And obviously, we are focusing on CTI and looking at to preserve margin and certainly continue to take advantage of the growth opportunities in AWM, but still prudently managing the expenses.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And Suneet, I mean across the firm, we are going to look for that to be pretty – managed pretty tightly, okay. So, I mean I don’t have a firm number at this point in time. But as I have said, I feel good to start with about G&A flat.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. Your line is open.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. First question, just a follow-up on the $32 billion of third-party client cash. Do you currently earn any fee on that money at all from an administration perspective or would that all be revenue upside if that gets deployed into your wrap account?
Walter Berman: Current math say, it’s marginal, I would say it’s bigger around 4 basis points or 5 basis points, but it’s the real opportunity of redeployment that will provide us certainly margin and profitability potential.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. The – let’s see, the other question I had was on variable annuity reserve charge. I know when some other companies have taken reserve strengthenings under the new accounting that there has been an ongoing earnings drag in addition to the reserve charge, anything like that to consider for the variable annuity charge. Walter, I think I heard you say the $200 million a quarter was still intact on guide. So, I would presume that means probably not much, but just curious if there is any impact there.
Walter Berman: You are correct. It’s probably not much. And the answer is no, really.
Tom Gallagher: And anything – okay. Thanks. And then any – should there be a similar 4Q charge on a statutory basis for the same assumption changes, or is that still TBD?
Walter Berman: I think that’s still TBD.
Tom Gallagher: And then if I could sneak in a final one. Long-term care, I saw your updated disclosures, which I thought was helpful. I guess considering that this block continues to shrink, it looks like the risk is well managed, is risk transfer still a consideration here, or is the bid-ask spread still too wide, or should we really think about you most likely continuing to own it considering the risk continues to shrink?
Walter Berman: So, okay, over the years, we certainly have been able to demonstrate that we are managing the risk very effectively. So, any risk transfer would have to consider that and really have a very balance of bid-ask and because the portfolio is performing quite well, and as it’s indicated in the observations that you made about it. So, yes, we feel very comfortable in retaining it. But if somebody comes along with something that is certainly the best interest shareholder was considered.
Jim Cracchiolo: Over the last number of years, it’s performed better than we expected in many instances and improved in that sense. And we haven’t factored in some of the other things that has affected pre-COVID as a positive yet.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is open.
Brennan Hawken: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Thanks for all the color on the cash dynamics here intra-quarter and quarter-to-date and it certainly sounds encouraging. I guess does that mean that we could get back to a period where we are looking at how to grow the sweep balances and it just becomes a function of net new assets, or is that sort of more organic growth trajectory still hindered by balance remixing? And when do you think we could get to that period? Thanks.
Walter Berman: So obviously, as you can see, it truly has stabilized. And yes, as we bring new years in and that certainly is growth. And certainly, as we have organic growth, that is an opportunity. Right now, I can’t predict environments and things like that, but we feel very good because of the stability of the sweep count, as we said, a substantial portion of that is close to 70%, 67% is in account balances that are under $100,000. The average compounds being 6%, I think. So, it’s very stable. It’s working – working capital and working cash that’s deployed. So, yes, we certainly – as we grow, we anticipate that growing. But again, there is a lot of variables here.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And again, I think if you start to see a change in the rate environment and the markets stabilize, there is money being held out and Mike Barker [ph] see using stuff that when they mature could possibly come back in. And when money is more active in investing, then they keep more in the sweep and the balances to deploy. So, there is a number of different variables. We can’t really predict that, but our cash rate that’s holding in sweep is pretty low. So, if anything, we think that if activity picks up, that could increase again.
Brennan Hawken: Got it. And so do you think that now that we have had stability in the sweep, likewise, we can think about maybe there is a little bit of a lag or whatnot, but there is some stability in NII when we sum up both the on balance sheet and off balance sheet, which has been a quarterly kind of slide and a little bit here year-to-date. Are we at a period where maybe that’s going to begin to flat-line and return to the algorithm of growing with cash balances – rates, all else equal, of course.
Walter Berman: Yes, we do. There is opportunity there, and we do see that we have opportunity to grow that.
Brennan Hawken: Outstanding. Thank you.
Walter Berman: For the reasons that you mentioned, and certainly, as we have the maturities coming in because of a short duration and other elements coming up on those factors, we certainly feel comfortable with saying yes on that point.
Brennan Hawken: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Your line is open.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. Good morning. First question was, can you give a sense of how much bank assets will mature next year to reinvest that potentially at higher rates?
Walter Berman: You are saying on buyback or...
Ryan Krueger: No, maturing bank assets that would be reinvested.
Walter Berman: I believe it’s again, it’s in the area of about $2 billion I believe, but we will confirm that with you.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess I had one more question on the $32 billion of third-party cash. Do you view the opportunity primarily just as clients get – move more money back into the market to capture some of that through wrap, or do you think there is some opportunity to capture some of the $32 billion with the bank products that you are rolling now?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I would probably say, the first and foremost would be, as I have said, with the markets, I would think that more would go back to work in solutions like wrap that would have a balance of equities and fixed income and alternative stuff along those lines. I also feel like as we do roll out some of these other products that, it will go on to some internal cash as well rather than moving it out into other vehicles like a brokered CD and just based on the combination of the environment and the security of Ameriprise. So, we do feel comfortable about that as well. But I would probably say the larger opportunity would be moving back into the like solutions like wrap business.
Ryan Krueger: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. And this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Chris, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial Second Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions.  Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward looking. Reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance.  These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our second quarter 2023 earnings release, our 2022 annual report to shareholders and our 2022 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements.  On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. As you saw in our press release, Ameriprise overall delivered a strong second quarter to round at a very good first half. Given our complement of businesses, we consistently generate good returns and strong earnings. Advice & Wealth Management continues to lead our growth where we had another quarter of solid client engagement and flows. We also saw good earnings from our bank, reflecting our ability to create a sustainable and attractive revenue stream in this interest rate environment. In our Asset Management business, we continue to experience headwinds in this environment and remain focused on adjusting appropriately. In terms of the market environment, the S&P 500 international equity markets have rallied more recently through the end of July. However, they were only up 2% year-over-year on average for the quarter. Fixed income markets remain unfavorable, particularly in Europe. While inflation has come down, it's still above the Fed's targeted rate. As we saw yesterday, the Fed increased 25 basis points and said it would continue to assess additional information in determining the extent of additional policy firming that may be appropriate to return to a 2% inflation rate.  With that as a backdrop, Ameriprise continues to benefit from our diversified business mix as well as higher interest rates in our bank and certificate companies. Assets under management and administration increased nicely, up 9% to $1.3 trillion, reflecting our organic growth and positive markets. Total adjusted operating net revenue was up 10% to $3.8 billion. The combination of strong revenue growth, particularly from our spread business as well as well-managed expenses drove earnings to $807 million, up 23% with EPS up 30% to $7.44. And our return on equity was outstanding and reached a new record of 51%, a level that few financial firms have achieved.  Now let's turn to business highlights. In Wealth Management, we delivered another excellent quarter as we serve clients well with gold-based device and deliver a highly satisfying experience. We continue to drive very good asset growth with total client assets up to $833 billion and total client flows of $9.4 billion, up 10% year-over-year.  Our client acquisition growth was also strong, especially in the $500,000 to $5 million client range. This is an area where we consistently had good momentum, and it's a key growth opportunity for us. We're leveraging our strategic investments to help advisers engage clients and prospects provide a great client experience and run highly successful and efficient practices.  Our fully integrated technology suite streamlines many of our advisers administrative tasks and frees up their time to go deeper with clients and to navigate the complexities within their financial situations. For example, we introduced an important capability that enables advisers to generate highly personalized presentations centered on client goal achievement.  Since the launch, it has helped to build on our already strong client satisfaction net flows and practice growth for our advisers who are incorporating it into their practices. And it's reduced meeting prep time as much as 70%, and allows more time for client acquisition. We're also beginning to use AI and analytics to further enhance how we engage and work with clients. With AI, we can serve up real-time information to help advisers identify a possible next best opportunity for clients based on their needs. Backed by our exceptional support, adviser satisfaction, retention and growth are all excellent. Ameriprise advisers consistently have some of the highest productivity growth in the business. In the second quarter, it increased nicely again, up 7% to $874,000 per adviser. We're also incorporating the use of data and analytics in how we identify productive advisers who are a good fit to recruit to the firm and more likely to make the switch. It was another strong quarter for recruitment with the addition of 99 experienced advisers. We're consistently bringing in large, highly productive adviser practices from across the industry. In the spring, I spent time with our top 10% of advisers, both tenured at Ameriprise and more recently experienced advisers who have joined us. They repeatedly shared that our advanced capabilities and technology combined with our excellent leadership coaching and marketing support gives them a tremendous advantage in how they serve clients and run successful practices. They are very proud to affiliate with Ameriprise and energized about the direction of the company and the opportunities in front of us.  During the quarter, clients remain cautious seeking yield as they continue to maintain higher balances in cash-oriented products. Cash continued to increase as clients continue to hold cash, and we ended the quarter with about $70 billion in cash and cash equivalents. Wrap assets under management increased 14% to over $450 billion, reflecting positive flows and market appreciation that occurred at the end of the quarter. The more recent increase in markets will be a benefit as we go through the quarter.  For the first time since the beginning of the year, we saw signs in June that clients are starting to move some funds back into the market. which brings me to the bank, Ameriprise Bank continues to perform well with assets growing to nearly $22 billion. It's a strong complement to our business and an attractive way to gain spread revenue in this rate environment. Bank and certificate balances grew over 50% to $33 billion. The cash balances in these accounts are very rational today, and we feel comfortable with our position.  We will continue to build out our banking capabilities and are in the process of introducing other savings products later this year. This will help advise us further deepen client relationships and bring in more assets from other banking institutions. With our latest research, in addition to our core client segments, we found that the Ameriprise value proposition and brand are very appealing to high net worth investors as well as millennials who are hungry for advice and seeking guidance from advisers who truly understand them and their priorities. These are market segments we're looking to serve more in the future. And this was also reinforced by the complement of external accolades and recognition we continue to earn. The way we work with clients defines Ameriprise, and I believe our reputation is a competitive advantage.  During the quarter, Ameriprise was named by Kiplinger's Readers as the overall winner in the wealth management category. We earned the highest ratings for each of the 4 criteria, the trustworthiness of our advisers, the quality of financial advice provided, the likeliness to recommend the firm to others and we earned the highest rating in overall satisfaction. Ameriprise also ranked on Newsweek's Magazine 2023 most trustworthy companies in America list for the second consecutive year. And we earned top performer recognition and understands me and shares my values from Hearts & Wallets.  And speaking of values, Ameriprise culture is another very important positive. Advisers who have joined us with decades in the business tell us that our company is unique and not like any other they've been part of. They're impressed by things like our supportive growth culture and their accessibility to senior leadership.  Finally, in terms of profitability for Wealth Management, it was another strong quarter across the board, and that includes margin, which reached a new record of 31.2%. Moving to Retirement & Protection. We have high-quality, well risk managed books, and we're generating strong consistent earnings of 13%, driven by the repositioning of our investment portfolio last year given the rate climate. Our free cash flow and return on capital remain excellent. The team is concentrated on accumulation products that align with our clients' needs and the business. In our life business, we're focused on our variable universal life and disability products that are appropriate for this environment. Protection sales were up nicely, increasing 18% with the majority of sales in higher-margin accumulation VUL products. And in variable annuities, our structured product continues to attract strong interest combining with our variable annuities without living benefits. Sales are down from a year ago, in part due to the decision to exit guarantees.  Here again, we're using intelligent document processing and robotics to make processes more efficient, things like automating our processes and underwriting decisions. We're seeing the benefit and the pickup in sales. As we discussed, we feel good about our product portfolio, both for clients and the business, which consistently delivers good returns.  Moving to Asset Management. As you know, we manage the business prudently, like other active managers, we're facing reduced flows in this environment. The business continues to operate well and generates good fees, and we're adjusting for headwinds accordingly. In terms of investment performance, we continue to have excellent longer-term performance in equities, fixed income and asset allocation strategies with over 75% of our funds above the medium for the 5-year and over 85% for the 10-year period. Our 1-year performance has improved across the board. This includes some of our larger franchises, including in U.K. equities, where we're benefiting from our quality positioning and in fixed income given our strength in credit.  In terms of flows, I'll start with global retail, where we continue to experience a level of outflows. In North America, we remain in net outflows, but we had nice improvement in fixed income. In fact, we are better than the industry and taxable bond. Meanwhile, we continue to see outflow pressures in equities, largely from lower gross sales as redemptions have improved. We continue to focus our adviser segmentation strategy to drive good engagement in North America. In EMEA, retail flows in both the U.K. and Continental Europe remain under pressure. However, in institutional, we were in net inflows, excluding legacy insurance partner flows as we garnered nice wins in high yield and investment-grade credit that more than offset large redemptions and LDI strategies given the market dislocation.  Now I'd like to give you a brief update on our EMEA acquisition and executing the integration in Europe. I wanted you to know that it does take time due to the complexity of the legal entity structures as well as regulatory and employment considerations. We made it through a number of important steps, and we have now moved to the next level of consolidation including the colocation of our teams through our existing real estate and the near completion of some of the major technology migration work.  Given the environment, we're taking a very focused look across the business globally to further reduce expenses, this includes identifying and stopping less growth-driven activities and also redeploying resources where we see opportunities to support our margin.  In summary, we're controlling what we can control and making the necessary changes to adjust in this environment. Reflecting on the firm overall, Ameriprise delivered a strong first half of the year, and we're well positioned to continue to navigate and grow. Our complement of businesses provides nice contributions and synergies. We consistently generate good appropriate earnings in total and good cash flow to invest and return to shareholders at attractive levels. We returned $638 million of earnings to shareholders in the quarter, which represented nearly 80% of our earnings.  In addition, as you saw, our Board approved a new $3.5 billion share repurchase authorization that reflects the strength of the business. Across the firm, we continue to make good investments in our businesses. And as always, we are sharply focused on execution. And while we manage expenses very well, we will be looking for additional expense opportunities as we move into 2024 to adjust to the environment.  From a people perspective, our team is highly engaged. In fact, in the quarter, Forbes Magazine named Ameriprise one of America's best large employers. The list ranks the 500 U.S. companies most highly recommended as a top place to work.  With that, I'll turn things over to Walter provide his perspective in more detail on the quarter, and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you. As Jim said, results this quarter continue to demonstrate the strength of the Ameriprise value proposition as adjusted EPS increased 30% to $7.44. Results reflect wealth management core and cash business momentum as well as continued expense discipline. In total, our Wealth Management business grew to 68% of the company's earnings, up from 56% a year ago as a result of a 49% growth in Wealth Management earnings. Asset management-based headwinds similar to the industry in terms of flows and fixed income market declines. And Retirement & Protection Solutions delivered good 13% earnings growth primarily from our decision to reposition the investment portfolio late last year.  Across the firm, we continue to manage expenses tightly relative to the revenue opportunity within each segment. While we continue to make investments in the bank and other growth initiatives, particularly in wealth management, we are taking a disciplined approach on discretionary expenses across our businesses. Scooting mark-to-market impacts on share-based compensation expense G&A was up only 4%. However, G&A in the first half of 2022 was unusually low as a result of the pandemic. Our G&A expenses remain on track with our expectations.  Balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. Our portfolio is well positioned. Our hedging remains highly effective, and we have strong capital and liquidity positions. This allowed us to return $638 million of capital to shareholders as a strong return of 79% of our operating earnings.  Let's turn to Slide 6. Assets under management and administration ended the quarter at $1.3 trillion, up 9% AUM/A benefited from strong client flows and equity market appreciation, partially offset by lower fixed income markets. Revenue growth was strong at 10% from higher interest earnings and cumulative benefit of client net inflows. With average equity markets up only 2%. The impact of 6% equity market appreciation in June will be reflected in our third quarter AWM results given the ability of our wrap business is based on beginning of the month balances. Pretax earnings increased 24% from last year. with meaningful benefits from strong client flows, higher interest rates and well-managed expenses.  Let's turn to individual segment performance beginning with Wealth Management on Slide 7. The Wealth Management client assets increased 13% to $833 billion driven by strong organic growth and client flows along with higher equity markets. As you are aware, there has been significant volatility since Q1 of 2022, which we have navigated well. Our client and wrap assets have remained consistent with our industry peers over this period. Our client flows continue to be strong at $9.4 billion, up 10% from last year. Client money has gone into a combination of wrap and non-advisory accounts as clients continue to be in a defensive posture.  Our flexible model and broad offerings allow advisers and clients to pivot as market and client preferences shift. While the money stays within the system gives us potential upside going forward. Revenue per adviser reached $874,000 in the quarter, up 7% from the prior year from high spread revenue, enhanced productivity and business growth. Turning to Slide 8. I'd like to provide an update on client cash levels. Our client cash balances comprised of cash sweep and certificates have returned to more historic levels at $42 billion, which translates to about 5% of total client assets. The financial benefit from cash remains unchanged despite a lower volume of cash as we have seen a significant lift in the interest rate earned at the bank and certificate business. Our fee yields have increased nearly 350 basis points from a year ago and picked up 40 basis points sequentially, resulting in very strong interest earnings growth. I would like to note that we continue to see new money flows into money markets and brokered CDs, albeit at a lower level in June, which brought our total cash level to $70 billion. This creates a significant redeployment opportunity as markets normalize for clients to put money back to work in wrap and other products on our platform. While there is some seasonality with cash levels, particularly with tax payments in March and April, cash remains an important component of the client's asset allocation. Like others in the industry, balances are stabilized. Our sweep cash has an average size of $7,000 per account, and 65% of the aggregate cash is now in accounts under $100,000. And we have seen a very limited movement out of these accounts.  In the quarter, we moved approximately $1 billion from off balance sheet cash on to the bank's balance sheet. We continue to evaluate the opportunity to bring additional balances onto the bank balance sheet as we move forward. Lastly, we continue to manage our investment portfolios prudently. Our bank portfolio is AAA rated with the 3.4-year duration. The overall yield on the portfolio is 4.6% and rising with the new money yield on investments in the second quarter of 6%. Our certificate company portfolio is highly liquid with over half of the portfolio in cash, governments and agencies. It is AA+ rated on average with a 1-year duration.  As I noted last quarter, the portfolio yield lagged decline crediting rates as new money moved into this business. This quarter, the portfolio yield increased 33 basis points. In total, certificate company portfolio is now yielding 5.5%, with new purchases in the quarter at that level as well.  On Slide 9, we delivered extremely strong results in wealth management on all fronts. Profitability increased 49% in the quarter, with strong organic growth and the benefit of the higher interest rates. Pretax operating margin reached a new high of 31.2%, up 730 basis points year-over-year and up 60 basis points sequentially. As I mentioned before, the benefit from the June market appreciation of over 6% will be a tailwind for quarter 3 results given we build our wrap business based on the beginning of the month balances. Adjusted operating expenses increased 3% with distribution expenses up 1%, reflecting higher asset balances. Consistent with our expectations, G&A is up 9% in the quarter. This is off a very low base last year given the impact of the pandemic, and we continue to make investments for growth. We expect AWM full year 2023 G&A growth to be in the mid-single digits.  Let's turn to Asset Management on Slide 10. We are managing the business well through a challenging environment that is impacting the industry. Total AUM increased 3% to $617 billion, primarily from higher equity markets, partially offset by lower fixed income markets. Asset management, like other active managers, was in outflows in the quarter. Reinvested dividends were $2 billion lower in the current quarter. However, underlying net new sales were fairly consistent to last year. Like others, we experienced pressure from global market volatility and a risk of investor sentiment. Investment performance has been another critical area of focus and we are seeing improvement, including in fixed income strategies.  Overall, 5- and 10-year performance remains very strong. And as Jim said, we had improvement in the 1-year numbers. On Slide 11, you can see asset management financial results reflecting the market environment. As anticipated, earnings declined to $162 million as a result of deleveraging, net outflows and lower performance fees in the quarter. The margin was down sequentially to 30%. Importantly, we continue to manage the areas we can control. Expenses remain well managed. Total expenses declined 2% and with G&A up only 2%. As Jim said, given the environment, we are taking a very focused look across the business globally to further reduce expenses. This includes identifying and stopping less growth-focused activities and redeploying resources where we can see an opportunity to support our margin.  Let's turn to Slide 12. Retirement & Protection Solutions continued to deliver good earnings and free cash flow generation, reflecting the high quality of the business. In the quarter, Pretax adjusted operating earnings was $189 million, up 13% from the prior year, primarily as a result of higher investment yields from the portfolio repositioning we executed last year. However, earnings in the current year were unfavorably impacted by $7 million from a model update resulting from a system conversion and timing of earnings recognition for payout annuities, which is expected to normalize.  We continue to view normalized annual earnings of $800 million as a reasonable expectation for this business. Overall sales declined 10% related to our decision to discontinue sales of variable annuities with living benefit riders a year ago. However, protection sales improved and remain concentrated in high-margin acid accumulation VUL, which now represents over 1/3 of the total insurance in force.  Now let's move to the balance sheet on Slide 13. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong, and our diversified high-quality investment portfolio remains well positioned. In total, the average credit rating of the portfolio was AA with only 1% of the portfolio and below investment-grade securities. VA hedge effectiveness remained very strong at 98%. Our diversified business model benefits from significant and stable free cash flow contributions from all of the business segments. This supports the consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders.  During the quarter, we returned $638 million to shareholders and still ended the quarter with $1.3 billion of excess capital and $2.1 billion of holding company available liquidity. We remain committed to continuing to return capital to shareholders and announced a new $3.5 billion share repurchase authorization through September 30, 2025. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Maybe we could start with a question on AWM. I want to zone in on kind of the interplay between net new asset growth, Jim, that you talked about in cash. So to your point, capital, obviously sitting in the sidelines and money market fund treasuries and as Fed funds peaks, it's likely that some of that cash is going to make it way into investment products. So what are your expectations for AWM net new asset growth into the second half particularly with an advisory.  And then at the same time, do you think any of that reallocation of cash could put incremental pressure on the $30 billion of brokerage sweep balances, which I think were down about 10% sequentially or are they pretty kind of troughy sort of at operational levels at this point. So as part of that, maybe just an update on kind of where that $30 billion sits in July as well.
James Cracchiolo: Okay. So Alex, I think we've continued to have very good client flows quarter-to-quarter. This quarter, they were up 10% from last year. But remember, in the second quarter, you always have some adjustment because of tax payments. So if you look at even where we had some of the cash sorting in the second quarter, a significant amount was due to those tax payments coming out in April. And that also then hits your client net flows on a consistent basis like the cash. Having said that, I would say we continue to see that client flow activity being good. Our client engagement is good. But to the point you just referenced that we mentioned, consistent level has gone more into cash as a holding because of the current yield, right? Now this market has maintained itself a bit better than people expected. I think there was a surprise. Now how the market has climbed so much. Now it's starting to broaden a bit rather than just based on a few stocks. And so if that does continue, and there's a settlement in a sense of even fixed income yields feeling like they're not going to continue to rise at this point. There might be a shift back as we're beginning to see into fixed income products other than cash for a longer duration as well as in equities. And so now where does that money come from, our belief is that we've never held this amount of cash balances before, right? And so $70 billion is up to like 9% of our total assets here. And some of that will come back from those positional cash areas.  Regarding the sweep per se, we all hold a certain level of cash in those accounts because of usage just like a checking account and certain things like that. So we're not thinking that a large amount or the significant amount will come back. In fact, we see the cash sorting slowing as we go into -- down through the beginning of the third quarter here.  And so my belief is that it will come more from position of cash. And because of the size of the balances we're maintaining. Now I can't -- I don't have a perfect crystal ball, but when money comes back in, then more is actually held in a sweep for transactional activity that occurs. So that's really how we're thinking.
Alexander Blostein: I got you. That's helpful. Any update on where that $30 billion is in July, just tactically?
Walter Berman: Well, in July, yes, we saw -- it has slowed the way we anticipated, we're just observing now, but we feel comfortable with the slowing that we're seeing.
Alexander Blostein: Okay. Great. And then my second question, just around the asset management dynamics that you described. Obviously, it sounds like you're adjusting the expense base to the sort of headwinds we're seeing across the industry. I mean, maybe put a little more granularity about kind of what that means? What are your expectations for G&A growth within the asset management business for the second half, and it sounds like that will continue into 2024.  And I guess bigger picture, flows a challenge that's been the story for some time. But the markets, to your point earlier, upright, so the revenue base could actually grow despite the flow challenges. How does that inform this quarter kind of G&A reallocation dynamics? Could G&A be sort of flat to down even in that scenario or the upward market will just naturally put some pressure on the cost base.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So what we're really focused on is -- and I think if you looked at the second quarter, G&A was actually down 2%, but because of the share price appreciation and the plans, et cetera, it ended up 2%, but the underlying was actually down. And we expect that to continue. And we're taking a much more concerted effort now that we've gone through some of the major integration activities that we had to do in Europe even though that's not complete. Now we can take a more holistic view of our global expense base, which we are across all areas. And we think there is some good opportunity for us to really target for a reduction in expenses as we move forward and through 2024, and that's really our focus.
Operator: Next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: I'd like to start on the pending Comerica deal. So could we get an update there? Are the assets still around $18 billion? Or has that changed due to market tailwinds or otherwise? And is this base of assets similar to other bank deals that we've seen where there's more of a bias to brokerage than advisory and -- or cash allocations kind of similar to what you have in AWM.
Walter Berman: So it's Walter. As it relates to Comerica, it's still on track and the activity levels and certainly the assets that we announced at the -- when we made -- consummate the arrangement is on track also. And it's characterization, yes, cash is a component, but it is within the ranges of the transaction. So we feel very comfortable with it, and we're targeting for the fourth quarter.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. So has it really changed from where...
Walter Berman: [Indiscernible].
Brennan Hawken: Got it, perfect. Okay. And then have you -- as we start to see the sort of fluid environment and the forward look for rates and the potential for lower rates as we move into 2024. Maybe I was hoping for an update on the maturity profile of the CDs within the certificate company?  And how are you thinking about managing those balances and maybe either pulling back on rate or leaning in, depending on the outlook and the idea that some of those rates and that funding would be locked in a potentially declining rate environment?
Walter Berman: So if you mentioned certificate, I would probably focus more on the bank because the bank is really where we have now the advantage of investing and having duration. As you've seen our yield right now is 4.6%. We certainly see that increasing as we have maturities and other things. So we feel quite comfortable that as the environment, I don't know where it's going to go up. I don't know it's going to go down, stay the same, but we are well positioned to have that stability of earnings there and that the yield that we see at the bank, which is the majority of where we've gone out under -- for investing will prevail as we look over the near term. So we're in a very good position from that standpoint.
Brennan Hawken: Yes. No, I totally appreciate that, and I hear you. I was more thinking about managing on the cost side of it.
James Cracchiolo: On certificate side, as we would say, we sort of match us sort of like based on the yield we provide for those things. So we sort of look to sort of keep a certain spread on that based on when they -- the money coming in or where we look at it when it's matured.
Walter Berman: Yes. And the spread, as I indicated, increased because, obviously, where our investments are catching up with the rate, and it's short duration is 1 year. So from that standpoint, we will adjust it both from the rate crediting rate and certainly our investments, but we feel very confident with the spread there as it's incorporated.
Brennan Hawken: Right. And the spread is durable in both declining environments as well as rising environments.
Walter Berman: Yes, it certainly. We'll maintain a certain degree of spread. But obviously, just as rates go up and down.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: For Asset Management, do you still think at 31% to 35% margin is the right target to think about near term? And given the expense actions you've talked about as well as the benefit from rising markets. Do you think you could get back to that level in the second half of this year?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I can't -- listen, I can't predict the third quarter per se, but we're not changing that targeted rate, and we definitely believe that we can be within that targeted rate. I can't tell you about a quarter. But I would probably say, yes, we feel comfortable with that as we go to the second half, but into '24.
Erik Bass: Perfect. And then can you update us on the plans to launch a brokered CD product and any other bank products for the second half of the year and what your expectations are for the type of assets that those could attract.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So we did soft launched a brokered CD in the second quarter, and that's starting to take hold here. We also put out a base savings product. Again, that's beginning to take hold. And we have plans for the third -- the end of the third quarter to actually put some incentives type activity there to bring in new cash from outside the firm. . And also a preferred type of savings product in the fourth quarter. So we're sort of getting how they are positioned on the platform and then how we sort of rolled that out from soft launches, et cetera. But yes, we will have a set of those type of savings products as we go through the rest of the year into next year. We will then target to bring in more cash externally.
Erik Bass: And how would you sort of tier the margin expectation on that relative to the other cash products or certificates?
James Cracchiolo: So what I would say, first of all, you got to separate the suite, which is a different animal from various savings products, but I'll let Walter...
Walter Berman: The margin, as we have certainly a reserve count that at search and the margin in the bank is similar. It's a little harder, but the margin is good. And then we're competitive on each one of the products as we look at the CD and obviously, the rates there are certainly being driven by regional banks and others, but we will remain competitive. But the margins there are lower as you would expect. [indiscernible].
Operator: The next question is from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Just going back to the bank for a second. So our understanding is that you'll have, I think, $1.4 billion of assets sort of maturing and rolling into new assets in the second half and then a similar amount in the first half of next year. So would it be possible to get sort of the current yields on those assets just so we can kind of think through when that reinvestment occurs, how much upside you guys would have?
Walter Berman: Yes. I would say, you're right. It will probably -- you saw [indiscernible] 4, 6 range. With that, we're getting in the ranges 5 -- high 5s, low 6s. And so that should go up. Yes, I can't tell you where rates are going to be. But if it's great to stay where they are, actually move around 50 basis points -- 40, 50 basis points by the end of the year.
Suneet Kamath: So you're saying an incremental 40 to 50 basis points?
Walter Berman: It's around 5%.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. And then I guess...
Walter Berman: I just want to clarify that since rates stay the way they are today, okay? And spread.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. Got it. Okay. And then I guess you're talking about this now $70 billion cash number. And I think last quarter, that was maybe $60 billion. Obviously, there's a portion of that, that you guys have kind of in that $42 billion range. So as we think about that incremental $28 billion, I know some of that's in other companies' products, but what's a reasonable expectation in terms of how much of those assets you guys think you could ultimately have in your own products?
James Cracchiolo: So I think what I would say is I think good amount could come back, but not just into our own savings type products, but more importantly, into the wrap type of business again. If you recollect before the sort of period where people got a little more concerned, we had roughly a majority of our client flows going into wrap. And so I believe right now, we're at a sort of a low point of the amount of cash being deployed into wrap. And I do believe part of that went to positional cash. And that position of cash will start to come in. And remember, I think the investments in fixed income is much lower than it's been in a long time because of the yields going up on the duration and people not wanting to get whipsawed. And so that money will come back in, and that does go into wrap accounts as well because it's more of a balanced portfolio that they utilize.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then if I could just sneak one more in. Jim, I thought your comment about high net worth and millennial opportunities sounded like it was new. Is that an opportunity something that you can attack sort of organically? Or are there capabilities that you'd need to acquire in order to capitalize on that growth opportunity?
James Cracchiolo: No, Suneet. We're already -- for instance, we're already bringing high net worth clients nicely. But we have not made that a more concerted effort in the franchise yet. But now we are putting more deploying around that. And we do have most of the capabilities, if not all of them. I mean there's always some bells and whistles we add, but we have added to a product platform, our alternative platform, et cetera. We have now -- and the advice part of what we have actually worked very well for high net worth clients. And what we found is when we did our research that we are considered up there for high net worth clients or prospects similar to any of the private houses out there that cater to them or the major wire houses that cater to them.  So we don't have a disadvantage there and it's one that we're building out the focus of our advisers to really understand and see that so that they can target it more. And then on the millennial side, we've made a lot of investments in our digital capabilities and the engagement way of doing that we will also be really starting to focus more on for bringing in younger clients either through some of the younger advisers we bring, but more even direct in some of our things because we have remote channel set up to work with clients that way. And so I feel very good about those opportunities, giving us further expansion efforts.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Michael Anagnostakis: It's Michael Anagnostakis on for Steven. I just wanted to circle back to the rate sensitivity picture here. I guess given the shape of the curve. Maybe you could provide some updated color on your rate sensitivity. Can you help us size the impact to your earnings from rate cuts on the static balance sheet? And how do you expect your deposit betas to differ on the way down versus the way up given your certificate percentage and low-cost sweep deposits funding the bank.
Walter Berman: So again, from the standpoint on rate going down, we do have. Since we are now having some substantial amounts in the bank, that would give us insulation from that standpoint for the portions that would be subject to short-term of the Fed fund reductions, that -- on that basis, you can imagine it's a straight calculation for every percentage going down. So it's factored into our analysis and we've seen the cycle going up and going down, but the mathematics are -- on that basis, we have $6 billion, $7 billion sitting in -- on off balance sheet. You can do the calculation on a 1% change.  As it relates to the certs, the certs really to adjust. It's a matter like on the way up, we lose them until it catches up and the way down, we'll gain. Because we'll have the investments there, and we certainly have the liquidity to cover it. So therefore, it's a positive to us on the cert side when it's going down because of the investments. And just like we've had to catch up situation now when it's been going up.
Michael Anagnostakis: Got it. And then I just want to flip on to expenses here. I guess how should we be thinking about long-term G&A growth for the firm given some of the reduction efforts you're undertaking a more fully funded bank and a progress on BMO if you could help us think about the growth between the wealth segment and the firm as a whole, that would be great.
James Cracchiolo: I would -- let me start and Walter can complement. So overall, for the firm, when we talk about G&A per se, I would say it's relative -- it's going to be relatively flat. Remember, you got merit in creating another things that are part of that, but it will be relatively flat overall based on what we're looking to do. If you think about where there may be a little more versus a little less or maybe a little more in the AWM because of the growth of that business and maybe a bit less on the asset management side, meaning that there will be expense reductions. But overall, if I look at that across the firm, including all the various groups, it will be relatively flat, absorbing the inflationary expenses that occur while we continue to make good investments in the business.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: First question is why did Ameriprise withdraw its application early this month to convert to a state-chartered industrial bank and a national trust bank. Have there been any changes in regulation or rules related to your current structure? Or any -- can you give some perspective on that?
Walter Berman: I think it's a matter of certainly the situation as you look at the FACA Board and what they felt about with the regional bank situation would they really want to now expand into a state. And we just felt the probability was done not there. And we're quite confident with the FSB at this stage. So we withdrew it, rather. And it was just -- again, they were working on decisioning it, and we just felt that we would withdraw based on the clients of circumstances. It will l till -- we still have -- again, the capability, so it doesn't really affect us, but that's the story. With the regional bank and the other situations, the environment just we felt was not there.
Thomas Gallagher: And Walter, do you expect there to be any changes on capital where you might have to hold more? Or is that less certain? Just any perspective on that?
Walter Berman: Yes. So from our standpoint, as part of our steady state planning, certainly, the differential. No, if anything, you probably would have a tick up on a state situation, and we certainly understood that. But no, the short answer to the question is no. We do not because of this situation with the state or with the FSB. We quite -- we do not anticipate other than the Fed is evaluating, right, based on the situations that they've seen. And we would be just like anybody else in our -- what the size of our balance sheet impacted for that level.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. Next question, just can you comment on any updates on risk transfer on the RPS side? Is that still -- it sounded like you went through a more thorough process, you emerged from it saying you didn't like the pricing, yet you're seeing a lot of competitors in the life insurance space. Do further risk transfer deals so that trend continues. And it's pretty good pricing actually on some of the recent deals. So curious, if that's changed at all your perspective, whether the competitor pricing or where do you stand on overall risk transfer.
Walter Berman: I think that more importantly where we stand with holdings. Certainly, we feel very comfortable with what we have. And as we look at it and then yes, certainly evaluated situations. As we've always said, we've looked at it, many of the stuff in the past has been distressed. Yes, we've seen some changes there. And certainly, we are not going outbound, well certain inbounds come in, we evaluate them. So -- but we are very comfortable where we are right now.
Thomas Gallagher: But now would you say nothing's really changed on your view that there's still too wide of a bit spread relative to what you think the value of your book is versus the type of pricing that's out there.
Walter Berman: Certainly, we've seen changes shifting with the books that are going. But again, we don't do a detailed analysis and we actually evaluate facts and circumstance as it relates to us.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean, we haven't gone through an in-depth of what's recently occurred and what may happen in the market. I think from our perspective right now, we have a very solid business there. We have a very low risk profile for that business, as Walter said, it's going to continue to generate roughly $200 million of PTI a quarter, $800 million for a year. Most of that is free cash flow for us. So that's how we think about it. But if there are opportunities that arise, we'll always have to entertain them.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So next quarter, you're going to have your annual insurance liability unlocking exercise. And last year resulted in a large negative adjustment with the bear market effect or on the variable annuity book. This year, markets are up a lot, interest rates are up a lot. So my question is, should we get a reversal on unlocking last year just given the bull market that we're in? And also, could there be a release in the long-term care block just given that interest rates are a lot higher?
Walter Berman: Yes. The interest rates will tight, but listen, there is a balance between the equity markets and in the interest market. So we -- from that standpoint, our -- looking at our available cap, that's why we came out of a ratio, looking at it because you're looking at it from an LDTI standpoint and from our standpoint, that's why we've determined it is not the driver of it. So the element is statutory from that standpoint. So we feel comfortable that the market is there. The interest rates, certainly, we -- you've seen our position and our excess capital has not changed sequentially. So we right now, it's -- we are navigating the situation, and we feel very confident with it. So as rate -- as environments change, we have the ability to certainly absorb and adjust for it. And yes, if we get benefits, we will evaluate certainly our positioning.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Walter. My follow-up, and I think I know your answer here, but I just kind of want to hear it anyway. You stopped some fixed annuities, you insured your book to KKR's Global Atlantic. But we've watched the all to acquire these books pretty aggressively, and now interest rates are back to healthy levels. ROEs on these portfolios are higher and the product isn't that complicated. It's really just credit quality [indiscernible]. So don't you have a competitive advantage with your large distribution channel in wealth. And you seem pretty happy with their decision. But don't higher interest rates versus the last 15-plus years, changed the calculus on the fixed annuity business, too.
Walter Berman: Well, yes, listen, fixed annuities has certainly gotten back in favor from that standpoint. And we will evaluate it. But it also has implications from a balance sheet standpoint in surrender out of surrender and certainly portfolio. We feel very comfortable with, like you said, with the reinsurance situation and there, but we are constantly evaluating. We'll go back to manufacturing or not. And right now, I think we're comfortable where we are, but certainly, yes, there are advantages to it and it ebbs and flows. We do know that, right? As rates go up and down, you have implications from a liquidity and other standpoint with that portfolio. That's why we basically felt very comfortable reinsuring it. But it's certainly -- we continue -- RPS Group continues to evaluate and make a recommendation on it as we look at it. But we are -- I can say right now, we're good.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: You mentioned the 50 -- the 40 to 50 basis points of yield uplift within the bank. Would you expect much, if any, higher deposit costs or interest costs along with that? Or should that predominantly drop to the bottom line?
Walter Berman: That factor -- that was -- I was giving you actually the asset earning rate on that, going. And -- that was the question. That was what I was referring to. Or as that, we would just add to cost of funds for the bank as we look at the situation where it sources, which is primarily coming out of the sweep accounts.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And then you've seen the certificate balance increase this year. I think you're rolling out more products within the bank. At some point, should we expect some of the certificate balances to roll off the group into the bank? And if so, is there much of a margin difference between the 2?
Walter Berman: If you look at it from that standpoint, the large bound on certificates in the bank should be comparable. And yes, we have built up. And we just -- as Jim indicated, we launched our bank certificate product. So we will certainly have that offering to people. But right now, we're not anticipating big shifts coming in, but we're certainly giving them the capability within a short product.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Schmitt with William Blair.
Jeffrey Schmitt: I have another question on brokerage sweep rates. They appear to be pretty flat from last quarter and the deposit beta seems to have slowed for the industry. And just wondering if there's potential for you to increase your sweep rate if the Fed keeps raising interest rates? Or are competitive levels such that you may not need to raise it much anymore?
Walter Berman: Listen, we have a very robust valuation system that goes on to ensure we offer competitive rates in that and we are now evaluating -- the team is now evaluating, yes. So you will have see, as we look at the competitive environment and landscape that we will evaluate then the -- our deposit beta and increase rates accordingly to ensure that we offer our clients competitive rates. That's a very focused program we have.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Yes. Okay. And then just on capital return, I think it's running at 80% of operating earnings in the first half. I know in the past, you've sort of targeted 90% or at least for the full year, I mean, should we expect it to move up to that? Or is there any reason it's sort of running below that long-term target?
Walter Berman: Well, right now, we established this year, we said our target for this year is going to be 80%. Obviously, you can go up and down a quarter from that stand. And we're still comfortable with that right now staying with that guidance.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Boothe (ph) and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insights into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our first quarter 2023 earnings release, our 2022 annual report to shareholders and our 2022 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. Below that, you'll see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining today's call. As you saw in our release, Ameriprise had an excellent first quarter, building on a strong year in 2022. As you know, equity markets were choppy up for the quarter, but still down 9% from a year ago, and interest rates were up strongly year-over-year. However, questions around whether we'll see a hard or soft landing continues to play in the background. And the failure of certain regional banks and another large financial institution caused investor concern. To confirm, Ameriprise has no exposure to the recently affected banks. With regard to our bank, our deposit base is extremely stable, our investment portfolio is high quality with a short duration and it's all held as available for sale. In addition, all of our client cash sweep deposits in Wealth Management and the bank are FDIC or SIPC insured. As we reflect on the quarter, I'd like to reinforce some important points. Ameriprise remains strong and stable. We navigate environmental uncertainty extremely well for our clients in the business, and we demonstrated that again. Ameriprise is a diversified business with Wealth Management representing two-thirds of the firm's earnings, complemented by our Retirement & Protection Solutions and Asset Management businesses. This diversity enables us to generate strong results and multiple revenue streams across market cycles and offset pressures. We can also quickly capitalize on opportunities and deal with risk. Last and importantly, our financial foundation, risk management and expense discipline are all excellent. We're able to consistently invest in business growth across market cycles and return to shareholders at attractive levels. With that as background, I'll discuss the strong adjusted operating results we achieved in the first quarter. Revenues grew 3% to $3.7 billion, driven by double-digit growth in Advice & Wealth Management. Earnings were up nicely with pre-tax adjusted operating earnings up 20% and EPS up 25%, which is significant. And the return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 50%. Our return on equity continues to be among the best across financial services. Our assets under management and administration ended the quarter at $1.2 trillion. It's down from a year ago due to lower markets and a negative impact from foreign exchange translation, which was partially offset by our strong client flows. Let's turn to business highlights. In Advice & Wealth Management, we delivered another excellent quarter. We're bringing in strong flows as we focus on providing more advice to more clients and deepening our relationships. Client inflows continue to be robust, more than $12 billion in the quarter, up 18% and very close to an all-time high, and this builds on our record year in 2022. Both wrap flows and transactional activities were impacted due to market volatility. We expect to see a pickup in wrap and other solutions as markets and the environment settle over time. The Ameriprise client experience helps drive leading client engagement. Our advisers are supporting clients with our excellent market volatility resources and advice-based client experience. Even during this period of heightened uncertainty, client satisfaction remains very high at 4.9 out of 5 stars. Our adviser value proposition is another differentiator. Ameriprise Advisor retention is among the best, and productivity continues to grow nicely, increasing 5% to $847,000. Advisors continue to tell us that they love our technology, tools and support. For example, we're rolling out a great new capability called e-meeting that reduces adviser meeting prep time down to just a matter of minutes and generates a highly personalized professional presentation focused on client goal achievement. In addition to our legacy advisors, our experienced advisor recruits appreciate our client and advisor value propositions as well as the firm's financial strength. Another 83 experienced advisors joined us in the first quarter. The quality of the people we're bringing in continues to build in terms of practice size and productivity, and we're seeing a nice recruiting pipeline ahead. As you know, we began building the Ameriprise Financial Institutions Group channel a few years ago. Since then, we partnered with a number of quality financial institutions who want to work with a firm like Ameriprise that can provide excellent client and advisor service. In the quarter, we announced a new bank partner, Comerica Bank. This partnership will bring approximately 100 financial advisors and $18 billion in assets by the end of the year. Regarding our bank, it's growing nicely. We're adding additional deposits, have grown it to $20 billion in just a few years. It's an attractive complement to gain spread revenue in this rate environment. And we had strong growth in our certificate business with assets now close to $12 billion as well as good growth in our pledge loan business. At the end of the quarter, we launched a new savings product and we'll follow that with our home brokerage CD in May, as well as preferred savings vehicle later in the year. As we grow in the marketplace, we continue to build on our strong brand awareness. In the quarter, we launched the next phase of our advertising to further promote our referable advice value proposition and the excellent client satisfaction we consistently earn. And the Ameriprise team and I are also immensely proud to be recognized for how we operate and do business. Some of our recent awards include being ranked as one of the most trusted wealth managers by Investor's Business Daily. Ameriprise is also ranked number two in trust on Forrester's U.S. Customer Trust Index. In addition, we were named one of America's Best Customer Service companies for 2023 by Newsweek. And for the fourth consecutive year, J.D. Power's recognized Ameriprise for providing an outstanding customer service experience for our phone support for advisors. Overall, for our Wealth Management business, earnings were up strongly again, 58% year-over-year and our margin was 30.6%, a new record for Ameriprise. Turning to Retirement & Protection. We continue to perform nicely while adding value and stability in this environment. This business consistently generates good returns and strong free cash flow. We maintained solid books and our investment portfolios are high quality. With the improved interest rate environment, we're able to reposition our portfolio and as investments mature, we're able to reinvest and generate better returns. In terms of priorities, as you know, we are very much focused on asset accumulation products that align with our client needs and our risk profile, which results in a very solid liability base. Our structured annuity product is our best seller, combined with our RAVA annuities without living benefits. And in our Life business, we've shifted to concentrate on VUL and disability products that are appropriate for clients in this environment and generate strong returns. Sales are down, but we are similar to the industry. Even with slower sales, we continue to generate good earnings up 11% from a year ago. In fact, last year, our Life Company was ranked as the second highest returning company in the industry. Now let's turn to our Asset Management business. We've been impacted by market volatility and industry-wide sales pressure. However, the business continues to perform well and generated good returns and margin. Assets under management was $608 billion at the end of the first quarter, down 13% from a year ago, largely driven by lower markets and the impact of negative foreign exchange translation. Regarding flows, total outflows were $1.7 billion, excluding legacy insurance partner flows. In U.S. retail, like others in active management, we remain in net outflows as gross sales were pressured from market volatility. That said, redemptions are better sequentially. In EMEA, our flows improved a bit from a year ago. In institutional, we had another good quarter. We had inflows of $2.8 billion, excluding Legacy insurance partner flows, driven by wins and fixed income, real estate and LDI. Expanding our alternatives capability as a long-term priority, including global real estate, where we are building out the business and earned a large mandate in the quarter. With regard to investment performance, we continue to have stronger long-term performance across equities, fixed income and asset allocation strategies. While our one year numbers were impacted by market volatility, primarily in certain fixed income strategies, we're starting to see those numbers come back this year as interest rates stabilize and given our strength in credit. And we maintain 118, 4 and 5 Morningstar rated funds globally. Across regions, we're earning important recognition, including recent Lipper awards and other accolades. In addition to focusing on investment performance, we continue to work through our EMEA integration. We plan to complete much of it by the latter part of the year and look forward to deriving additional synergies. In Asset Management, we also continue to manage G&A tightly. So overall, I feel very good about the firm, how we're engaging clients and the results we're driving. We have not had to divert from our chartered costs and we're generating strong growth and returns in a rocky climate. We continue to have strong free cash flow as well as the ability to return to shareholders. In the quarter, we returned another $641 million in buyback and dividends and we just announced another dividend increase up 8%, our 19 increase since going public in 2005. To close, Ameriprise delivered an excellent quarter and we're well positioned to continue to navigate the environment, manage expenses well, while investing for growth. Now, Walter will provide further detail on our financials and we'll answer your questions after his remarks. Walter?
Walter Berman: Thank you. As Jim said, results this quarter continue to demonstrate the strength of the Ameriprise value proposition as adjusted EPS increased 25% to $7.25. Wealth Management business momentum, higher interest rates and expense discipline more than offset the equity and fixed income market dislocation over the past year. This reinforced the value of our diversified business model. Wealth Management earnings grew 58% and represented 66% of the firm's adjusted operating earnings, a new record. This is up from 49% a year ago. Asset Management was challenged with industry flow pressures as well as substantial market impacts to AUM. And Retirement & Protection Solutions delivered a good 11% growth primarily from opportunistically repositioning the investment portfolio as well as from the lower sales levels given the environment. Across the firm, we continue to manage expenses tightly relative to the revenue opportunity within each segment. As a result, we continue to make investments in the bank and other growth initiatives, particularly in Wealth Management by prudently managing overall firm-wide expenses. In the quarter, G&A was down 1%. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong, and we saw limited impacts from the significant market disruption in the quarter. Our portfolio is positioned well and no assets are accounted for as held to maturity. We have strong capital and liquidity positions as well as effective hedging. This allowed us to return $641 million of capital to shareholders, a strong return at 80% of our operating earnings. Let's turn to Slide 6. Assets under management and administration ended the quarter at $1.2 trillion, down 8%. While AUMA benefited from strong client flows, we experienced significant market impacts. Equity in fixed markets were down 9% and 5%, respectively, year-over-year. In addition, asset management AUM levels were substantially impacted by weakening of the pound and euro, resulting in non-U.S. AUM down to approximately 36% of the total. The portfolio effect of our business mix garnered robust earnings growth with pre-tax earnings up 20% from last year with meaningful benefits from strong client flows and interest rates more than offsetting significant negative equity and fixed income markets and foreign exchange impacts. Free cash flow generation remains strong. Let's turn to individual segment performance beginning with our strongest growth business, Wealth Management on Slide 7. Wealth Management client assets declined 3% to $799 billion. Strong organic growth in client flows was more than offset by significant market depreciation over the past year. Total client net flows remained strong at $12.3 billion, up 18% from last year, evenly split between wrap accounts and non-advisory accounts. Our flexible model and broad offering allow advisors and clients to pivot as markets and client preferences shift, while keeping money within the system. Revenue per advisor reached $847,000 in the quarter, up 5% from the prior year from higher spread revenue, enhanced productivity and business growth. Turning to Slide 8. I'd like to provide some additional insights into the sustainability of our client cash. The safety of these deposits and our investment approach managing cash that is at our bank and certificate companies. Our cash balances are relatively stable in total at $44.3 billion in the quarter and about 5.5% of total client assets. While there is some seasonality with cash levels, particularly with tax payments in March and April, cash has always been a component within the client asset allocation and generally remains above 4% of client assets. Sweep cash specifically has an average size of $7,000 per account and over 60% of the cash is in accounts with less than $100,000. As I mentioned, we have a broad set of product offerings to meet our client needs across environments. From a cash perspective, we have our sweep cash and certificate offerings with many options for clients seeking yield and looking to ladder their liquidity. In the quarter, we launched a new savings account option within the bank and will be adding a preferred savings account and broker CD later this year. Lastly, we have no assets that are accounted for as held to maturity, and our portfolios are constructed under the rigor of our asset liability modeling approach. Our bank portfolio is AAA rated with a 3.1 year duration. The overall yield on the portfolio is 4.3% and the yield on investments made in the first quarter was over 6%. Our certificate company portfolio is highly liquid with over 55% of the portfolio in cash, governments and agencies. It is AA+ rated and on average, with a 0.8 year duration. The yield on this portfolio was 5.3% and purchases in the quarter were at a yield of 5.2%. On Slide 9, we delivered extremely strong results in the Wealth Management on all fronts. Profitability increased 58% in the quarter with strong organic growth and the benefit of higher interest rates offsetting the impacts from market depreciation. Pre-tax operating margin reached nearly 31%, up over 910 basis points year-over-year and up 70 basis points sequentially. Adjusted operating expenses declined 2% with distribution expenses down 5%, reflecting lower transactional activity and asset balances. G&A is up 7% in the quarter as we continue to invest for growth, including the bank. Let's turn to Asset Management on Slide 10. We are managing the business well through a challenging market. Total assets under management declined 13% to $608 billion, primarily from equity and fixed income market depreciation and negative foreign exchange impact. Asset Management, like the industry was in outflows in the quarter, continued strength in our global institutional business offset a meaningful portion of retail outflows. Like others, we experienced pressure from global market volatility, a risk-off investor sentiment and continued geopolitical strain in EMEA. As a reminder, flows in the prior year included $2.6 billion related to the U.S. asset transfer associated with the BMO acquisition. On Slide 11, you can see Asset Management financial results reflected the market environment. As anticipated, earnings declined to $165 million, reflecting market depreciation, foreign currency weakening and outflows as well as lower performance fees than a year ago. Importantly, we continue to manage the areas we can control. Expenses remain well managed. Total expenses were down 13%, aided by a 11% decline in G&A, which benefited from lower performance fee compensation. We continue to make market-driven trade-offs and discretionary spending and remain committed to managing expenses very tightly in the current revenue environment. Margins in the quarter improved sequentially to 31%, returning to our targeted range of 31% to 35%. Let's turn to Slide 12. Retirement & Protection Solutions continued to deliver good earnings and free cash flow generation, reflecting the high quality of the business. As you are aware, the long duration targeted improvement accounting change went into effect in the first quarter. Our current period and historic results are now being reported under this framework. While this accounting change impacts GAAP equity and earnings, it does not impact our dividend capacity, excess capital or cash flow generation, which are based upon statutory accounting framework. In the quarter, pretax adjusted operating earnings was $194 million, up 11% from the prior year, primarily as a result of higher investment yields from the portfolio repositioning we executed over the past six months. We estimate that LDTI will reduce RPS earnings by approximately $50 million for full year 2023 versus the $63 (ph) million impact in 2022. As it relates to the year, we remain comfortable with the $800 million run rate taking into consideration the impact of LDTI and the benefit from portfolio repositioning and higher rates. Sales in the quarter, similar to the industry, declined as a result of the volatile market environment as well as management action to discontinue sales of variable annuities with living benefits to further reduce the risk profile of the business. Protection sales remain concentrated in higher-margin asset accumulation VUL, which now represents over one-third of the total insurance in force. Annuity sales in the quarter were in lower-risk products without guarantees and structured variable annuities. These products represent over 40% of our total VA account value. Now let's move to the balance sheet on Slide 13. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong, and our diversified high-quality investment portfolio remains well positioned. In total, the average credit rating of the portfolio is AA, with only 1.3% of the portfolio in below investment-grade securities. Despite significant market dislocation in the quarter, VA hedging effect in this remains very strong at 95%. Our diversified business model benefits from significant and stable free cash flow contribution from all business segments. This supports the consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders even during periods of market depreciation. In light of the LDTI accounting change, we incorporated a new non-GAAP disclosure in our earnings release of available capital for capital adequacy. This represents how we manage capital and is unchanged as a result of LDTI. During the quarter, we returned $641 million to shareholders and still ended the quarter with $1.3 billion of excess capital and $1.6 billion of holding company liquidity. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question this morning from Brennan Hawken of UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'd love to start on cash and the outlook for rate earnings in AWM. So you've seen growth in certificates. You mentioned a high-yield offering in bank that you just launched and then further brokered CDs. And certainly, this will satisfy demand for yield that we see for cash equivalents. But -- do you think that the current level of NII can be maintained going forward? Is the increasing deposit costs enough to offset the shift to the bank or are you able -- is the shift to the bank able to keep things steady here at the current levels? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Okay. So yes, the answer is yes. What we are seeing in that -- certainly, we are looking at the way the sweep accounts have performed that we have the opportunity to shift more into the bank, and we'll be evaluating that because of -- basically, the way that it is performed right now, and that will give us additional yield as it relates to that. And also -- we also see on the search that we will -- based on timing, we will also see that the spread will increase in that. So we guess the answer is absolutely, yes, both from shifting additional funds into the bank, which has a higher profitability and also the asserts (ph) as we look at the spread increasing from a timing standpoint as we adjust. So yes, the answer is yes.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thank you for that. And then at this point, through April, you've moved $3 billion, which I believe you previously indicated as your plan for the year. Do you plan to move further balances into the bank. And then beyond the balance transfers, do you expect that these new savings offerings could allow you to actually see organic non-transfer oriented growth coming out of the bank as well? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Okay. So on the first one, yes. So as we look at the [indiscernible] and certainly, in the first quarter, you always have the tax, but we -- clearly, it is performing the way we thought and is slowing, and that gives us the opportunity. We're evaluating that. But we do have additional opportunity with [indiscernible] everything we have in our sweep accounts to move more in, and that's what we're evaluating -- so that would -- is a distinct possibility.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. And I'll take your second question. So we just in March, launched a savings product. We'll be launching a brokered CD in May and then a high-yield savings account a bit later in the year. And we see the opportunity to garner more cash from clients of bringing it in from their banking institutions now that we'll have some of these products. But in addition to what we're holding ourselves and whether it's a sweep or either in our certificate, we have much more cash that our clients are holding externally in brokered CDs. They put money in that came into the firm or in money markets. And so we think we can garner some of that cash back in. So in total, there's about $66 billion of cash. We have about $44 billion. We actually think by offering the brokered CDs and things like that, that will garner some of that, that have gone out to banking institutions that our clients have put money in that we feel much more comfortable having them at Ameriprise. So we think there's an opportunity there for us as we continue to build out the bank. And we are also holding a lot more cash as general so that our sweep activities is only about 4%, which is really always been around that level for transaction of 4% to 5%. So we feel very good that there is opportunity for us.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next now to Erik Bass at Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass : Hi. Thank you. [indiscernible] broader question for advise and wealth and just how you are thinking the margin from here and do you still see potential upside to margins or is your goal more to maintain them at the current and at 30% level?
Walter Berman: Well, I think the way we look at it, listen, we are probably at one of the highest margins out there in the industry, including the big wires that have, had banking activities for a long period of time. But money is, as I said, so sitting on the sidelines and cash, we are holding up with $66 billion, some of that money, not necessarily from transactional activity at the hold for expenses and other things. Some of that money will go back into wrap. I mean, what’s so positive is we brought in 12 billion of client flows. We’ve been bringing in record numbers for us over the last some many quarters and that hasn’t been deployed yet. So as they put money back into transactions and contracts and wrap a business, that will also earn us fees. So I can’t tell you exactly what that margin is, but I would say, it’s an excellent margin and our business has some good opportunity that continue and so from my perspective I think it was a very positive quarter building on a positive VA last year.
Erik Bass : Got it. Make sense. And then maybe building on your comments about organic growth. I mean, it has accelerated. It been running at over 6% annualized the past couple of quarters and wealth management. Can you talk a little bit about what’s driven that acceleration in inflows and given the pipeline that you have and clients and advisors coming in. Do you see that as a sustainable run rate.
Walter Berman: We think so, because we are – our advisors are engaged. We’ve help them with a lot of tools and capabilities and support. Even in this climate, we get them a lot of information and appropriate of communications for their clients. Our market volatility, we help them really help our clients stick with their goals and what they need to achieve overtime balancing out of volatility. We are engaging and bringing in a lot good new client flows and deepening. And we are also adding highly productive advisors. So we added another 83 in the quarter would have very good [indiscernible] of business. We have a good pipeline. So yes, we see it. Continuing, we are adding news capabilities like our e-meeting things that’s going to help our advisors actually conduct even more meetings very efficiently. So we feel good about how we are situated in this climate.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Craig Siegenthaler at Bank of America
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So on the back on Comerica win, can you update us on your pipeline for additional financial institutions or wins and how should we think about the frequency of these wins going forward and also the [indiscernible].
Walter Berman: Yeah. So we’ve added a number of financial institutions over the last year. Now I'll comment was a bit larger so we -- it was a little bit longer to orchestrate and more comprehensive based on the nature that they had their own broker deal et cetera., but we've been winning business for other banks out there in that financial institutions. I think now we're opening it, so that we can work with a bit larger institutions like Comerica. And I think we are in a good situation. We bring a lot of good capability. They like our service. They like the ability of what we can do to support their advisors. They like the gold-based solution we provide to their clients. So this is something we think we can build upon as we move forward. So again, I can't sit here to tell you exactly when deals get orchestrated but we have a good pipeline and we think we'll be adding more business there as we move forward.
Craig Siegenthaler: Great. And I just had a follow-up on recruiting. So advisor count was down very modestly on the franchise side and up a hair on the employee side, but down on a total basis from last quarter. So I'm just wondering, if you could provide us any perspective on this downward trend including reminding us of any first quarter seasonality and then I wanted to hear how the bank failures in March impacted both your ability to recruit new advisors, but also retain existing advisors in March, and now April because persistently we are pretty robust.
Walter Berman: Yeah. So no, our numbers in franchisee is very strong and stable. Retention is very strong. As with anything I mean we have 7,000, so it doesn't advisors there. So you have some turnover in some of their -- assistant advisors you also have some retirements that occur in the first quarter, but there's nothing different than what we've seen in the retention rate is quite strong and the assets are here. So we're not concerned about that as we go through succession planning, et cetera. As far as the pipeline, we feel is very good. One of the things that people have told us is they value very much what we do and what we provide, but they also value the strength and the integrity of the firm and how we're positioned. I've mentioned a few accolades about how clients trust us. But when you have a very stable institution like Ameriprise, that is able to really navigate these market circumstances when I would stand-by their clients that's what advisors are looking for as well.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. Good morning. My first question was on the Comerica partnership. Can you give -- what type of assets those of the $18 billion that are coming over into your platform.
Walter Berman: So it's a mix of handsets as an example, advisors hold various assets that invested in the market, there is a combination of wrap type of assets, those funds, other things like that. There is insurance contracts. So it's -- and what we've been able to do is show of what we can do to help those advisors and that client deepening and expand that base and add more clients to their base for the bank. So we feel very good that the $18 billion will transfer with that. There is an opportunity for us to help them grow that and that's what they're looking to do.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks. And then on your initiative to introduce new savings products within the bank. Do you see the earnings characteristics of that as similar to the certificate balances or do you have a preference from a profitability standpoint within the banker significant (ph).
Walter Berman: We believe, actually, it will be higher based on the investment strategy and the other elements within it. So we were actually pick up the yield on that.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then just one last quick one. The $66 billion of total client cash you mentioned, does that include CDs from outside of Ameriprise as well as money market funds or was that predominantly CDs?
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. So it would include our clients, advisors putting their clients in brokered CDs we have on the platform from financial institutions.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next now to Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Participant: Hey, guys. This is Michael on for Alex. I was wondering if we could maybe get an update on cash balances so far in 2Q and maybe how that's trended on a monthly basis. All else equal, I kind of figure out what the seasonal impact might be on taxes. It sounds like you guys might have seen that in March and April already, but it looks like historically, that might be a 2% to 3% sequential impact. So any update on cash balances that you can give us so far in the quarter?
Walter Berman: I think the best we can give you from that stand, looking at the sweep, it is totally -- it is -- the [indiscernible] is totally slowed from that standpoint. And so -- and as I indicated, we have now -- for 100,000 and under, its move, if you look at the end of the fourth quarter, it was something like 52% of the percentage of it. Now it's almost 60% of it. So basically, it's very stable at that standpoint and we feel very comfortable from that standpoint that it's performing the way we thought it would. And so on that basis, the [indiscernible] and we are growing on certs from that. And certainly, as I mentioned before, we are strongly considering transferring more back into the bank once we finish our analytics on it.
Unidentified Participant: Great. That's helpful. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Walter Berman: No. As I just mentioned, it's a seasonal element when you go from the fourth quarter to the first quarter because of the taxes. I can't -- I don't -- I can't give you the exact 2% or whatever, but it's certainly -- there's outflows related to that.
Unidentified Participant: Thanks. And then maybe for the follow-up. Can you help us maybe think through the NIM impact at the bank from the upcoming maturity roll on, roll off yield? Maybe the mix of assets between fixed and variable at the bank and what the duration profile of those might look like?
Walter Berman: Yeah. So that's an interesting point because as we mentioned, we have somewhere in the area of $2.5 billion rolling off and certainly, that is going to the previous question, increase our base lease spread as it relates to it. And right now, as we assess it and certainly looking at the supply, we continue with that same strategy and mix that we will -- we currently have, which is the 3.1 year duration. So we feel very comfortable with that. And -- but that redeployment of the maturing will certainly increase the yield.
Unidentified Participant: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Jeff Schmitt at William Blair.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Hi. Thank you. I may have missed it, but I think you had mentioned the reinvestment rate of the bank was around 6.5% at the end of last year. What was it in the first quarter and do you continue to invest mainly in MBS or is that strategy shifted at all?
Walter Berman: The reinvestment in the bank, yes. So from that standpoint, we are -- I'm not sure I understand the question.
Jeffrey Schmitt: The reinvestment rate, I think you'd mentioned was around over 6% at the end of last year, essentially the new money yield?
Walter Berman: I just not getting your question. I'm sorry...
Alicia Charity : You are referencing the first quarter, not the end of last year?
Jeffrey Schmitt: Yeah. What was it in the first quarter?
James Cracchiolo: The reinvestment yield, Walter.
Walter Berman: The reinvestment yield in the quarter was 6%, I believe, in the first quarter, as I indicated and we're tracking at 6%. Sorry, I didn't get the question at first.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Okay. And then when you look at client allocations of the certificates, just as interest rates go up, it's around 25% of the mix now. I think when we look back at -- in 2019, it reached a similar level. But just with interest rates higher and for longer in this cycle, do you have any sense on where that could go or what's your expectation there?
Walter Berman: Yeah. So listen, you are seeing it certainly increase from that stand because it basically gives the clients as you get into the three and six, primarily in the three and six months. It gives them that opportunity to basically meet your objective set. So we see it still increasing there. But as Jim mentioned, we will certainly be offering the brokered products in the bank, which will certainly provide us additional yield. So I would think it will still grow and from that standpoint as -- so I think it's tracking what you see based on the alternatives that we provide to our clients.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. It's going to grow because we're bringing in more client assets, right? And not all of it's going to be deployed directly in the market. So there's going to be some that go into cash type of holdings. So some of it that clients will use for transactional activity and holding for emergency expenses will be kept in the type sweep accounts and others that positional cash will be put into things -- earning some of the yield that they're looking for. And a lot of these CDs are not necessarily long-term CDs, right, brokered CDs as well. So that's where the cash will grow. And some of it has been coming from the regional bank activity, I would imagine. So I feel like the certificate program can grow. That's why we're also going to offer our own brokered CD to garner some of that cash that clients want to move into the firm.
Walter Berman: And we've clearly seen a pattern from basically what we call the cash reserve, which is the short term. And more cash basically going into the three and six months. So people are taking advantage of that opportunity because of the competitiveness of the rates and [indiscernible].
Jeffrey Schmitt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Suneet Kamath at Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Yeah. Thanks. Just a couple more on cash. So you had mentioned that $66 billion number, of which I think you have $44 billion. So as we think about the $22 billion balance, I guess, what would you think is a realistic expectation in terms of how much of that you could bring on to your platform and over what time period?
James Cracchiolo: Well, Suneet, I think the way I would think about it is that that's roughly around 8% of the total assets now, which is a bit higher for our clients, right? Usually, it's around the 5% mark or something like that. So there's more cash being held right now. So I think as we go through this cycle, and people are looking for some alternatives coming from their banking institutions, et cetera., we think that we can garner some of that other cash coming in as well from bank or even as some of these CDs and other things roll over that we're holding can go into our own banking institution. But I also think over time, that some of that cash will be deployed back into wrap type programs, et cetera, as the market volatility settles or as people feel more comfortable. So it's not as though money isn't being deployed into the market, it is, right? We had over $6 billion going back into wrap in every quarter. But that could pick up as well and other transactions can pick up. So it's hard for me to say exactly, but the idea is we're helping to bring more client flows in and then some of that goes into cash type products, which we can garner our piece and then others will, over time, be deployed back in the market. So we think it's an opportunity for us.
Suneet Kamath: Yeah. Understood. And then I guess, if we think about just the cash sweep balance, I don't know if you commented on this, but it was down, I guess, $6 billion quarter-over-quarter to around $10 billion. Can you give us some help in terms of how you see that $10 billion trending maybe over the next couple of quarters? And I guess of that $6 billion decline, I think some of it went into the banks, some of it went into certs, but -- can you give us some help in terms of where sort of the rest of it went because I'm having a little bit of trouble seeing exactly where that cash went?
Walter Berman: So obviously, as Jim mentioned, the cash is up in total. And so yes, you're exactly right, we pulled into the bank. And certainly, a portion of that went into the certs. So the issue is some of that went into brokerage. But the point is we have it. It's been -- within our basic overall, it's cycling through. So I would say and we feel -- and I'm indicating again, it is clearly, as we see the pattern, that sorting is basically slowing and it is basically within a range. And the base of the fact that we have 60% in the $100,000 below and the average account balances dropped from 8,000 to 7,000 is an important factor for us as we evaluate.
James Cracchiolo: Suneet, so you had, I think, 46 going of 44 (ph) part of that $3 billion from the $10 million went into the bank. And then you had, I don't know, a few billion went into search, but you also had some use of cash for tax payments and others -- okay, it's hard for us, but we have more client flow coming in, and then some of it might have went into brokered CDs or other things. So overall, I think we've held pretty well compared to what we've seen in the industry. And we had a positive of more client flow coming in as well. So -- and as I said, I think you can't necessarily box a number ideally, but it's a fluid situation regarding how clients use their money as well. So -- but it's pretty stable overall. So it's about 4% in total sweep and the $10 billion is mainly from a shift for the bank and other things. So I wouldn't look at that in isolation.
Suneet Kamath: Makes sense. And maybe just one last one on Comerica. As we think about that opportunity, should we, Walter, be expecting any incremental costs associated with that platform as we kind of move through the year?
Walter Berman: I think, again, this has a short payback for us as you look it from a P&L standpoint. So the answer is, obviously, there'll be some cost, but certainly, the revenue will do it and we have a very quick payback on it. But it's a good economic relationship for us and for Comerica.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. I mean you got onboarding expense and stuff and moving the clients and the advisers and stuff. But overall, we think it's a good arrangement and one that will work for both parties.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Steven Chubak at Wolfe Research.
Michael Anagnostakis: Hey. Good morning. It's Michael Anagnostakis on for Steven. I wanted to touch on -- I know you guys gave the cash per account metric of $7,000 for the quarter, certainly a helpful metric to have. Where are we for that metric relative to the trough you had seen last cycle? Just trying to gauge the potential downside relative to cash as a percentage of AUM. Thanks.
Walter Berman: I really can't give it, but I would say it's always been a stability factor for us that portion and the working capital and the balance there. So I can't give you exact -- as I said, it just dropped from -- if you look at the previous quarter, it's dropped by 1,000. So it is -- from that standpoint, we feel very good about it. It's been a stable element within it, and it did increase a lot, certainly, as we went through the cycle coming through, and that was again in the harder balances. So I just can't give you the numbers going back that far.
Michael Anagnostakis: Got it. No worries. Okay. So I did want to touch on Asset Management to expense is very well controlled. You reached that 31% low end of the target range. I guess, assuming stable markets, is the 31% sustainable run rate given the efficiency efforts you're continuing to deliver on or is there some downside to that? Just any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Walter Berman: I think this downside, it's a lot of variability in it as you look at rates and look at mix and you look at [indiscernible]. But certainly, the expenses are being extremely well managed from that standpoint. So that's the controllable factor in it as we look at it. And certainly, as we look at hopefully that we stop getting back on a better pattern, but we're certainly aligned with the industry where that is. And we certainly move into that 31% to 35% is basically you feel comfortable. But it's, again, a lot of variability.
Michael Anagnostakis: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Tom Gallagher of Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Walter, just a follow-up on the customer cash balances. I think one of the earlier questions had asked you whether or not you would expect the earnings contribution from customer cash balances to be stable. Let me ask it in a different way. What do you expect the earnings contribution to be for the next couple of quarters? Will -- do you expect it to be stable or up higher, just some kind of range?
Walter Berman: So I can't give you an exact range, but let me be clear. The drivers of it are clearly, as we indicated, the maturity element as it relates to the bank and shifting in there. So as we get maturities on those being risk, and that's going to take the interest rate up. We certainly see [indiscernible] really slowing down on the -- the bank transfer will certainly take that up again, as we get more comfortable. The certs, looking at the timing from the standpoint where the rate is increasing, we do see an opportunity that the net spread will increase there. So I would say, certainly, it will get stable to up as we look at the elements, but please, now you have rate movements in there. You have different elements, but it's that stability factor of what is embedded today. So if everything got frozen, yes, you should feel stable to up.
Thomas Gallagher: Got it. Stable to up. That's what I was looking for. Thanks. Now in terms of the 6% new money yields, I've definitely been getting questions on that. Like what are you buying exactly? Is it still RMBS? Is it floating rate?
Walter Berman: We have a combination of floating rate, but we -- it is really structured and that's where we basically are and it's the highest quality. So we are being very selective there, but the yields are there, and we just -- we are patient, and that's -- but like I said, it's in the bank, especially its AAA, and we feel very comfortable, especially in this environment, sticking there. But those are the levels we are finding. We're certainly having the benefit of having CTI manage that and help us work through that. So it is strictly -- you should look at majorities in the structure.
Thomas Gallagher: And the crediting rate on that, we'll call it, $1.7 billion of net deposits into the bank. Was that consistent with the cash sweep like 50 basis points or what would the incremental credit rate would been?
Walter Berman: Basically a part of AWM and that is its cost of funds, and that's why we feel comfortable with that. And certainly, as -- if rates go up and down, we will evaluate the deposit betas. But yeah, that is -- you're exactly spot on.
Thomas Gallagher: So the incremental spread is over 500 basis points right now on the assets you're shifting in?
Walter Berman: As the source, yes, because the source of those deposits is the spread, is coming out of the sweep.
Thomas Gallagher: Thanks. And just one final one on Comerica. I heard what you said to Suneet, but the -- is that going to just be a revenue share or is there some upfront cash payment that will be made to them that's going to use up excess capital at the end of the year? How is that going to work?
Walter Berman: No, I do not believe -- again, this is like any deal like you asked basically upfront and you then get the paybacks that it work through it, and we feel very comfortable with the combination. So it will, as I said, make certainly from a P&L standpoint of contribution, then we look at the cash breakeven. So we feel very good of it. As Jim said, we'll have some upfront expenses, but it's a good economic deal for both of us.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you very much for the opportunity. My question is on the Asset Management segment. Can you talk about fee rates on the flows leaving versus coming in? And then institutional tends to have a longer sales cycle. So any visibility into the pipeline there would be helpful. Thank you.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. So if we have retail outflows, they are always of a bit higher margin than the fee rate than the institutional side. The good thing on the institutional, some of the flows we got in were real estate, which is very good fee rates. And that looks like we have a decent pipeline as well going forward. But of course, in retail is you're a bit higher fee rate. So that's where on the outflows, we're probably are net-net, a bit negative there. And so -- but hopefully, the retail will turn around. We look like Europe has actually slowed. It was almost neutral in the quarter, which is good. And if that picks up, that has positive fee rates even more than the U.S. So that would be positive for us there. But the U.S. is still a bit weaker on the growth side. But the redemptions has come down. So hopefully, we'll see a turnaround. And so I think that we see more stabilization occurring and hopefully, that will pick up as we go through the year.
John Barnidge: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up question. You were talking about additional synergies in Asset Management with integration to be completed by end of '23. Those additional synergies, I know sometimes in Europe, a notice period may be longer. Are you talking about those synergies being announced or absolutely flowing through earnings by the end of the year? Thank you.
Walter Berman: So we should garner about as it relates to not realized, but certainly garner around 57% of it in that range, 50% in this year. So it's tracking and you're right, it's certainly what's going on, but we feel comfortable we're on track. Did that answer your question?
John Barnidge: I was talking about the additional synergies, you...
Walter Berman: Yes. I'm talking about BMO synergies right now. If you're talking about...
James Cracchiolo: Yes, so we're tracking. We're getting some of them this year, and then more of them as we close out the year into next year because we're going through a lot more of the technology integration now. And then from that, we can then continue to do the middle and back office. And so -- and to your point, it does take a bit longer in Europe and the U.K. as we go through different legal entities, et cetera. So -- but we're on target to what we originally said.
Walter Berman: Yes. So basically, as we talked about, we're talking about in the 85% range, we will have not 57%, it was $57 million, we think will probably be the number that we will certainly not realize, but certainly achieve by the end of this year.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Good morning. So a couple of quick follow-ups on Comerica. So with the $18 billion in assets that you bring in, how should we think -- once you get finished with the onboarding, how should we think about margins on that $18 billion relative to the $350 billion plus of your other non-wrap assets? Will it be materially better? Will it be in line? How should we think about that?
Walter Berman: I would say from looking at our direct contribution margin there is certainly within our range, and we feel very comfortable with it like I said, I distinguished the P&L and the cash but certainly from that standpoint, but the P&L side of this direct contribution is totally acceptable within as we look at this channel and it's strong. It's good. And like I said, but it's good because it's balanced between -- for them and for us and certainly what will add and the ability to grow that activity. So it's -- the contribution margins will not be denigrating to anything we have else that.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Perfect. And then with respect to the 83 advisors you brought in, could you give us a sense of maybe the AUM per advisor relative to the AUM per advisor that you have now? And maybe a little color on their sweet spot. Are they in that $500,000 to $5 million net worth, what end of the spectrum do they come in at?
Walter Berman: Yes. I would say, thus, we are continuing to have that track pattern of really the quality of the AUM and the GDC, the trailing GDC is stronger, and we keep on growing that. So we feel very good about that. We're being very selective to ensure that they fit into basically our relationship and approach that we have. And so it's very much aligned on that. So it's -- we feel very good about the quality of them.
Andrew Kligerman : So Walter, so net assets per adviser a little better than your average?
Walter Berman: I would tell you, it continues to be better than our average.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And then lastly, just on the capital management. It looks like your payout ratio as a percent of operating earnings is coming in around 80-ish percent, maybe a little less. Historically, you were at 90% or maybe even better. And I guess with the bank having grown a lot, should we expect something in that sort of 75%, 80% payout range going forward? Anything likely to change there?
Walter Berman: So as we said, we talked about -- from our standpoint, we are building organically, and yes, there’s capital, but we have the capacity, and we feel that the -- we’ve given an indication that it will be in that 80% range. But we really had the ability to -- as we look at opportunistically to basically take it up. But we just -- we will evaluate the market and everything from that standpoint, but the 80% is a reasonable number at this stage, as we’ve indicated. And most people have built that into their projection set.
Andrew Kligerman: Yeah. We have. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2022 Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dennis, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insights into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter earnings release, our 2021 annual report to shareholders and our 2021 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter. Below that, you'll see our adjusted operating results, followed by operating results excluding unlocking, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. As you saw in our release, Ameriprise delivered a strong fourth quarter, completing an excellent year in 2022. We continue to navigate uncertainty and serve our clients exceptionally well. I'll give you an update on the business, and then Walter will discuss our financials. Let me start with the market environment. Equity markets were down 19% year-over-year, with the average equity markets down 3% sequentially. So far this year, we're starting to see markets rebound to some extent as inflation eases, However, inflation is still at a high level. The question is, will the Fed have to continue to raise rates a bit more? Or will they maintain higher rates for longer if inflation remains stickier? With that backdrop, Ameriprise continues to be in a strong position. Revenues were good at $3.6 billion, only down 2% from a year-ago relating to the impact of the equity and fixed income markets. Earnings were up nicely with EPS up 13% for the quarter and 11% for the year, both on new records, and ROE continued to be excellent among the best in the industry. Importantly, we're also managing expenses well with total expenses down 5% compared to a year-ago. Assets Under Management and Administration were down to $1.2 trillion largely driven by the steep decline in equity markets, lower fixed income markets and a difficult foreign currency translation and Asset Management. As in previous quarters, our combination of businesses generates a consistent level of free cash flow and good returns across market cycles. We're able to consistently invest in the business, which is strengthening our competitive position and our ability to deliver differentiated results. Now I'll talk more about our businesses. In Advice & Wealth Management, we continue to deliver very strong results and build on our leadership positions. We had good client flows in the quarter as clients remained engaged working closely with their advisors and benefiting from our comprehensive advice and solutions. Total client flows for the quarter were more than $12 billion, which is very strong, and in fact, the second highest quarter we had and just below our record fourth quarter last year. And I'll highlight that client flows were a record for the year at nearly $43 billion. With the investment climate this year, we've seen an even split into the mix of flows into advisory and non-advisory accounts, which is appropriate in this environment. We're maintaining an appropriate level of cash balances with good growth in our certificate business and the Ameriprise Bank, which is a key growth area for us. With regard to the bank, we've been consistently investing to expand our capabilities. The bank provides important flexibility in this interest rate environment and enables us to further engage and deepen our relationships with clients. Our bank has grown more than 50% this year to nearly $19 billion. We have good growth in our pledged loan business, and we're on track to launch more deposit and lending-based products this year. Our certificate company has also grown to nearly $10 billion, up $4 billion for the year. Clearly, 2022 was a very challenging year for investors to navigate the market volatility. That's why our high level of engagement and advice is so important. Clients highlight the positive experience they're having with Ameriprise and our advisors. And that satisfaction leads to a strong level of trust, which we're being recognized for. And just recently, we ranked #2 for trust in 2022 in Forrester's new Financial Services Customer Trust Index, and that complements our Newsweek rating as one of America's most trusted companies last year. Let's look at advisor productivity, which also remained strong, up 4% to nearly $830,000 per advisors in a challenging market environment. One of the reasons our advisors are so productive as the level of support and tools we provide, we're making important investments, including our branding, marketing and integrated technology. We're helping advisors engage clients really well in driving growth in their practices. And for the fourth consecutive year, Ameriprise was recognized by J.D. Power for providing outstanding customer service experience for phone support for advisors. Turning to recruiting. We had another good quarter with 72 highly productive advisors joining the firm. advisors are attracted to our value proposition and the strength and stability of the firm, and the pipeline looks good. So overall, we are consistently investing in the business, including the bank, which is helping to drive organic growth and continue to generate strong results. Advice & Wealth Management continue to drive the firm's results with earnings up 41% year-over-year. Now let's turn to Retirement & Protection Solutions, where earnings were up 25% in the quarter due to the improved rate environment and our ability to invest out. As part of our strategy, we focused on products that meet our risk tolerances. Overall, sales were down consistent with the industry. We're very much focused on variable annuities without living benefits, our structured products of variable universal life and DI products given our move away from fixed products. This business is very stable and delivers a very good cash flow and returns. I'd note that RiverSource was recently ranked as one of the most profitable life insurers. Now I'll cover Asset Management. 2022 was a tough year when navigating the volatility as we focused on our clients and execute our strategic priorities. Similar to the industry, our Asset Management business faced significant headwinds due to markets depreciating in the U.S. and globally, which pressured earnings. Equity markets were down 19%. With this, assets under management were down 23% to $584 billion, driven by market declines as well as a negative FX impact. Overall flows in the quarter were $0.4 billion out that included $1.7 billion of legacy insurance partner outflows. In retail, overall, we were in net outflows of $3.7 billion, including reinvested dividends, which were driven by the weak market conditions that both pressured gross sales and increased redemptions. In addition, in the U.S., we believe there was a heightened level of tax loss selling in December. Turning to Global Institutional, we were in net inflows of $5 billion, excluding legacy insurance partners with some nice wins in LDI strategies. With regard to investment performance, we continue to have solid three, five and 10-year numbers. However, we have weakness in one year's numbers given market volatility. In Asset Management, we are maintaining our expense discipline while continuing to invest in long-term priorities. They include our investment research, alternatives, responsible investment, globalizing our operations and BMO integration, which is on track. We have a strong lineup of products and capabilities, a clear focus on serving our clients. And as the environment improves, we will be well situated. Overall, Ameriprise is in a position of strength entering 2023, and we're very much focused on engaging our clients and continuing to execute well in this environment. And with the strength and diversification of our business, including the growth of the bank, we continue to be able to invest across the firm, while continuing to return capital to shareholders at a differentiated level. In the fourth quarter alone, we returned $610 million to shareholders. I'll turn it over to Walter, and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Results this quarter were very strong, and we continue to demonstrate the strength of the Ameriprise value proposition. Adjusted EPS increased 13% to $6.94 in the quarter and increased 11% for the full-year. Our diversified business mix supports good performance across market cycles, which was certainly demonstrated in the quarter. Fundamentals & Wealth Management, particularly in its cash businesses were very strong. In total, Wealth Management now represents 64% of adjusted operating earnings up from 48% a year ago. Asset Management, like the industry, is facing substantial headwinds and earnings from this segment declined in the quarter. And the Retirement & Protection Solutions business continues to generate solid financial results and free cash flow. We remain focused on the aspects of the business that we can control. We are executing our priorities, including investing for profitable business growth, expanding the bank and completing the integration of BMO all while meeting and exceeding client needs and maintaining a disciplined approach to managing expenses. In fact, total expenses, excluding BMO, were flat for the year. Our balance sheet fundamentals and free cash flow generation remains strong. In the quarter, we returned $610 million of capital to shareholders, totaling $2.4 billion for the full-year, while continuing to grow the bank and certificate company. We have dedicated significant capital to grow these businesses. Let's turn to Slide 6. As you would expect in these markets, Assets Under Management and Administration ended the quarter at $1.2 trillion, down 17%. This was driven by depreciating markets with equity and fixed markets down 19% and 12%, respectively. Additionally, Asset Management AUM levels were impacted by the weakening of the pound and the euro, with 36% of Asset Management AUM outside the U.S. at the end of the year. Despite the lower AUMA levels, operating net revenues declined only 2% to $3.6 billion as a result of higher interest earnings and pretax earnings reached a new high of $973 million reflecting the diversified revenue dynamics I discussed, coupled with the excellent expense discipline. Let's turn to Advice & Wealth Management on Slide 7. Wealth Management continues to deliver strong organic growth and business momentum, a reflection of our differentiated value proposition. With the challenging market backdrop, clients' assets declined 12% to $758 billion in 2022. However, we have sustained growth of 4% over the past two years. Total client net flows remain very strong at over $12 billion in the quarter and reached a record $43 billion for the full-year. While we continue to see a solid level of flows into ARAP accounts. There has been a distinct pickup in flows going to brokerage accounts and certificates as clients navigate the market backdrop. Revenue per advisor reached $827,000, up 23% over the past two years from continued enhanced productivity and business growth. On Slide 8, you can see Wealth Management profitability was exceptional, up 41% and reached a record margin of 30% as strong organic growth and higher interest earnings exceeded pressure from market depreciation and lower transactional activity. Adjusted operating expenses declined 5% with distribution expenses down 10%, reflecting lower transactional activity and lower client assets. G&A increased 11% in the quarter. And for the full-year, G&A grew 8%. Expense growth in the quarter was driven by continued investments in the bank and higher volume-related activity from strong organic growth. Additionally, the prior year included unusually low expenses relating to staff levels and T&A. Cash balances in the quarter increased year-over-year and sequentially to $47 billion, which included $10 billion of certificate balances. Cash rebalances have declined slightly, bringing it closer to historic levels. However, certificates have grown 76% year-over-year as clients are laddering liquidity to garner higher yields. As a complement to our certificate offering, we are continuing to build out our savings and deposit products in the bank this year to meet the growing client appetite for yield. As a reminder, the majority of our clients sweep cash balances are working cash accounts with the average account size being only $8,000 and constituting over 60% of our total cash balances. And our operating rates continue to remain competitive with continuous benchmarking against the industry. This has translated into higher interest earnings in the quarter. The gross fee yield in the quarter reached 373 basis points, up 300 basis points from the prior year and over 100 basis points sequentially with bank and certificates driving most of it. The bank ended the year with assets of $19 billion with additional capacity to grow further. This provides flexibility to capture the benefits of rising entries by investing in high-quality, longer duration securities. These investments will create sustainable multiple year benefits regardless of interest rate changes over that period. New mine purchases in the quarter were approximately 250 basis points above the spreads from worth balance sheet cash. This has been supplemented with strong growth within our certificate company with assets growing to nearly $10 billion in the quarter and a gross fee yield of nearly 400 basis points. As we move into 2023, we are on a trajectory to generate growth in interest earnings from the bank and grown on our incremental yield, while continuing to maintain high credit quality. In the first half of the year, we were moving $3 billion on to the bank's balance sheet. We expect to transfer additional balances in the back half of 2023. And as we previously indicated, we will reinvest approximately $3 billion of maturities into our yielding assets throughout the course of the year. Let's turn to Asset Management on Slide 9. In 2022, the backdrop remained challenging for both us and the industry. AUM and was $584 billion, down 23%. This decrease was driven by double-digit equity and fixed income market depreciation as well as negative pound and euro foreign exchange impacts. Flows during the period remained challenged as global institutional net inflows during 2022 were more than offset by ongoing retail pressure. As a reminder, 2021 net flows benefited from the $17 billion BMO U.S. asset transfer, which had limited impact in 2022. On Slide 10, you can see asset manage financials reflect the continuation of the challenging market environment and reflect deleveraging that occurs in this business. Earnings were $146 million, a 56% decline as a result of market depreciation and net outflows. In addition, the prior year period included $35 million in performance fees, while the current quarter only included $5 million as well as $12 million of unfavorable mark-to-market adjustments. As a result, margin in the quarter declined to 29%. Importantly, we are focused on the areas we can control and on executing our strategic priorities. Expenses remain well managed, total expenses were down 12% with G&A and other expenses down from continued expense disciplines, lower performance fee compensation and timing of mark-to-market expenses. As a reminder, results last year include a partial quarter of BMO-related expenses. As we move forward, we will continue to make market-driven trade-offs and discretionary spending and remain committed to managing expenses very tightly based on the revenue environment. Let's turn to Slide 11. Retirement & Protection Solutions earnings increased 25% with strong cash flow generation and a clearly differentiated risk profile. Results in the quarter were driven by enhanced yield from repositioning of the investment portfolio, lower deferred acquisition cost amortization and lower sales levels. We remain well capitalized with an estimated RBC ratio of 545% at year-end. Consistent with the industry, sales in the quarter declined as a result of the volatile market environment as well as the impact from our actions to discontinue sales of variable annuities with living benefits. Now only $43 billion of account value is in products with living benefit guarantees, a $14 billion decline from past year. Protection sales remain concentrated in higher margin asset accumulation VUL, which represents one-third of total insurance in-force assets. The increase in investment income was a direct result of the actions taken to reposition the investment portfolio. In the quarter, we repositioned $600 million primarily into longer-duration corporate bonds, while maintaining a high-quality portfolio. These actions will generate higher investment income in 2023. On Slide 12, our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong and our diversified AA-rated investment portfolio is well positioned. During the quarter, new money purchases were AA+ rated at yields that were accretive to the overall portfolio. Despite continued market volatility in the quarter, VA hedging effectiveness remained very strong at 97%, and excess capital and holding company liquidity remains strong. Our diversified business model generates significant and stable free cash flow. This enables the company to deliver a consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders, while continuing to invest for growth. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares returning a total of $610 million of capital to shareholders, bringing the total for the year to $2.4 billion. Our capital return strategy over the past five years has reduced our share count by 28%. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, thank you for taking my questions. You flagged the certificate growth in the Wealth business, and that's certainly consistent with what we've seen at other wealth management firms. So would you expect that as long as rates stay high, that type of shift and that type of growth should be sustainable? And how should we think about the corresponding impact of that mix shift on your deposit beta so that deposit beta seemed to take a step up this quarter. And so should we continue to think that, that will move higher?
Walter Berman: Yes. This is Walter. So the answer is yes you should, with our CGs, continue to see that sort of trend line. And certainly -- and you'll see in our bank, we are going to develop new products with and have them coming out in 2020, which will also enhance the capabilities for our advisors and their clients to certainly navigate this situation on interest rates and giving them choice. And from a deposit beta standpoint, looking on sweep, we are certainly -- we are up. We are certainly being competitive from that standpoint. But we are offering a wide choice, and we see good significant opportunities as we move forward.
Brennan Hawken: Yes. That makes sense. And like I said, that's consistent with many of your competitors in the wealth space. So when we think about -- shifting gears a little bit for the follow-up and staying in wealth, strong overall net new asset trends certainly have been encouraging 7% annualized growth in that business and what -- it's been a challenging quarter for some competitors. As I understand it, it's not really recruiting driving the numbers, but rather advisors growing their practices and expanding wallet share of existing clients. So what have you done to sustain and hopefully encourage that trend into the future?
James Cracchiolo: So this is Jim. We are very much focused on continuing really around having the advisors engage with the client through this market cycle and really providing the advice they need. Part of the journey really is how do you think about achieving your goals over time, not just based on a quarter or the market situation in the current time. And so that engagement and the tools and capabilities that we provided to help them do that, I think is paying really good dividends. And so as you saw last year, we had a record amount of client inflows for the full-year. And the fourth quarter was really strong at $12 billion. It's actually the second highest quarter we had. The highest was actually fourth quarter of last year, and that was only $0.5 billion more. So we want to continue that journey around that advice value proposition and the engagement and helping the advisors really do that more consistently over time.
Brennan Hawken: Great, thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Anagnostakis: Hey, good morning, Jim and Walter. This is Michael Anagnostakis on for Steven. I just wanted to start with one around AWM here. Certainly, the margin expansion in AWM was very impressive. You had 30% roughly. Assuming the Fed pause is here, what do you view as a peak pretax margin in wealth inclusive of the ongoing suites you plan to make at the bank? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Sure. So it's Walter. What we achieved in the fourth quarter, we certainly see as sustainable and as it relates to 2023. And certainly the cash side of it is contributing to that, but we're also having strong productivity and growth in our basically core activities. There is a shift and going with us going to basically the bank generating the earnings and certificates joining. So if the Fed does pause, we think we are well positioned with the sustainability of that profitability that is now basically has a duration play that will take it over multiple years. So we feel comfortable. Obviously, it will have some impact. We have to evaluate as it looks not just what the Fed is doing in the short end, but what happens on the long end, but we feel we're in an excellent position as we grow those two activities to ensure that sustainability and profitability.
Michael Anagnostakis: Got it. Thanks. So -- and for my follow-up, I just -- I wanted to shift gears maybe to Retirement & Protection here. You had noted that results in Retirement & Protection only captured a portion of the actions you had taken in the portfolio. How much incremental benefit should we expect next quarter? And what do you believe could be the new run rate for that business versus that $180 million quarterly cadence you had provided in prior quarters? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Yes, so we certainly started the investments, and we weren't completed in the fourth quarter. We still have some ways, a little ways to go in first quarter. But yes, we will see that probably what you're estimating the run rate that we talked about, the $180 million, but it's probably with that improvement that's taking place with the yield. There's always areas going in and out. But I'm comfortable with I've seen people being in the $200 million range, but it's over a one-year cycle. So I would say more like the $800 million range for the year.
Michael Anagnostakis: Okay, got it. Thanks again for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, thanks. So going back to Advice & Wealth Management, again, when we think about on balance sheet deposits versus certificates, I think both had similar gross fee yields, but how do the rates that you're paying on those compare? And as we think about those two, are you fairly agnostic in terms of margin benefits to you between those two products? Or is one more favorable than the other?
Walter Berman: Are you saying certificates on bank or yes. Okay. Clearly, the bank has a higher margin than the certificates. And that's where certainly we're concentrating our growth, but we are getting very strong results, and we have very good margins in the CD business. And so the answer is, we feel we have the capacity to grow those two. And it is going to take a larger and larger percentage of the profitability that's being generated. Certainly, we will be generating good earnings in the sweep activity, but the real growth potential is coming in a primary bank, and we will get a lift in CDs. But the margin is better in the bank versus the CDs because of different investment strategies and liquidity strategies.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, and is there a way to dimension that margin differential?
Walter Berman: No, I don't have it, but I'm just telling you, it is better at the bank, and we can take a look at that and see if we can give more insight onto that.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. Makes sense. And then, I guess, you talked about an $800 million investment in both the bank and the certificates business over the course of the year. Is that something that you expect will continue into next year? Or any way to think about the level of capital investment that you expect for 2023?
Walter Berman: Yes. So the short answer is yes. We will be continuing it. It's obviously a matter of equity and cash closing. And it is considering and we have the capacity to do that. And it's really, from our standpoint, it is giving us very good returns.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then maybe if I could sneak one more in on the long-term care business, it looks like you're taking advantage of extending portfolio duration there as well. Should we read into that as the sign that maybe a risk transfer solution is less likely? Or is that reading into it too much?
Walter Berman: Yes, possibly. Listen, for the longest time, we've kept short direction case where the third year was. And now we're taking advantage and both in LTC and with the protection. So we are lengthening out duration, but it's we're running the business from that standpoint, and you can see we're garnering good profitability, both on the claims side as we demonstrated in the fourth quarter and certainly now with the investment capabilities that it's providing us. So no, if something comes along, that's great, we'll take a look. But right now, we're managing it and we're taking advantage of the opportunity that's there.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, thanks, Walter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. In Investment Management, I think you mentioned about $12 million of negative one-time items. But even adjusting for these, I think the margin was at the low-end of your target range. So how are you thinking about margins for 2023? And should we be expecting some improvement given the AUM rebound that you saw in the fourth quarter and then the emergence of BMO synergies over the course of the year?
Walter Berman: It's an interesting situation at this stage because of the dislocation is taking course, especially as you look at the equity markets, you look at the fixed income, depreciation and foreign exchange. So -- but there's a lot of actions that we're taking. I'm managing through, but it's -- the margins are -- from that standpoint is deleveraging, just like the industry is. But I would say that at this point, as we look at it, it's heavily dependent on certainly things we don't control. But the things we do control, like you mentioned, BMO synergies and other things of that nature, we are on track. So we feel comfortable from that standpoint. So I think there's a lot of variables now, but we are certainly cognizant that the margins breach through, but that's related to a lot of market activity that we are now managing.
James Cracchiolo: We see -- I mean, listen, again, we don't know if it will hold enough, but you've seen some pickup on the international market front as far as appreciation occurred as well as the improvement in the Pound, et cetera. So we think that's a little of the headwinds have relieved a bit. That will be helpful. And we're not changing our range as we move forward.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then maybe moving to capital management. I think for the full-year, you returned about 85% of earnings to shareholders in the fourth quarter, the percentage was a little bit lower. So should we still think about 90% being the right target? Or has this come down at all given the capital being allocated to the bank and/or the uncertain macro outlook?
Walter Berman: Okay. You go ahead.
James Cracchiolo: So as we look at it, we've been one of the highest returning companies out there in capital and even last year was very strong. So as we look forward, we have flexibility. But as Walter said, we're continuing to grow the bank, which is going to require some additional capital, but the returns are strong as well as our certificate company, which are all good uses of capital. In the past years, we have freed up capital. We used some of that to purchase the BMO as well as now growing the bank tremendously. So we think that we're going to generate continuing good free cash flow that we will return to shareholders. But as far as the percentage and rate will depend on how we utilize that both our core investments in the business, as we said, as well as return to shareholders. So it is coming down from where it was because of those other growth opportunities, but will still be a strong return. So I'd leave it at that at this point in time.
Erik Bass: Got it, makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Walter, just coming with a follow-up on Retirement & Protection, the $800 million or so run rate for 2023, does that contemplate any LDTI accounting impacts. If it doesn't, can you give us some indication up or down, whether that will have a negative or positive impact? And if $800 million is the right number, why was your $29 million of over-earning this quarter? Was it all back? Or maybe if you could quantify that.
Walter Berman: No, [indiscernible] with that. That does not contemplate LDTI. We're still evaluating that. And from that standpoint, so it does not. And we'll obviously settle on the approach that we're going to take before the quarter. As it relates to the -- why it's lower, again, we're on part of that profitability improvement was lower sales. And so we're looking at activities as it relates to that. And so that gives a positive PTI in that situation, plus there was some anomalies as you basically look at what the changes and the huge change in equity markets and other things that took place, it gave a lift on SOP, so from that standpoint, we're -- I'm just saying we're comfortable with the -- what you guys are indicating in that $800 million range for the year, and we'll continue that when we're getting that lift. There's no question about it for the investments that we repositioned.
Thomas Gallagher: And Walter, does the $800 million contemplate a little bit of extra spread that you would expect to still get? Or is that more of a 4Q static look at it?
Walter Berman: No, it's the continuation of the volume of it. But actually, at this stage, since that point, certainly since we're still investing, the spread has come down from that, but we still feel very confident in the ability to generate whether just on the $800 million for the year.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. And then my follow-up is how should we think about the fees and margins of the wrap versus the brokerage flows in AWM. I think your wrap has a little over 100 basis points of fees. The non-wrap is more commission-based. But just curious, how do you compare the economics of the two, particularly now if we're going to see stronger flows into brokerage, I just want to understand how that's going to impact your overall margins?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So Erik, I think as we -- Tom, as we look at the business, okay, we've had a bit slower flows into wrap but still good flows, but you also had the depreciation of the markets, which impact the wrap overall fees for the firm. And so I don't feel that, that's permanent. As I said, we also had some transaction volume being down on the commission side. So I would probably say, if markets settle as they are, you'll continue to see part of that going back into the wrap programs. You'll also -- depending on what happens with market, you may see some appreciation of that, which really was a negative in the last few quarters. And regarding the brokerage activities, we will hopefully see some pickup in the commission side based on getting back into some of the contracts that people have again been more conservative investing in right now. So I can't really like piece together exactly what that shift is. But I would probably say there's a bunch of dynamics occurring over the last few quarters in that regard.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Mark [indiscernible] filling in for Craig. I had a question within AWM. I was curious if you were seeing any incremental demand from third-party bank suites for deposits and what that environment looks like? And then kind of following up on that, too. I believe your contracts were historically priced on kind of floating with a spread. Is there any possibility of extending the duration on those contracts, which would let you capture higher yield and also offer some more visibility into cash flow, while also taking pressure off of your bank?
Walter Berman: Okay. So let me answer that. The answer is back about a couple of months ago, there was certainly -- you couldn't give deposits way. Now clearly, at this basis, there is more demand, but we are evaluating what is really -- from our standpoint, what is the appropriate balance for balancing cash and bringing it back on balance sheet. So we have a very good relationship. We've been doing this for multiple years through promontory, not promontory [indiscernible]. So our relationship banks, when we do have a combination and laddering of long and short. So there -- we are assessing it, but it's a good situation from our standpoint, both from the demand from coming on the suite and our capacity to bring more back on to balance sheet and the fact we are still attracting good balances in.
Unidentified Analyst: And just for a quick follow-up and kind of switching gears a little bit. Really like your significant program, that's a great cash management solution for clients with competitive rates. I was curious, looking at the historical allocations from past cycles, is there anything different this cycle that you would say that would affect allocation that we should be taking into consideration?
Walter Berman: Into the [indiscernible]. We have -- are very cognizant trying to give our clients the capabilities there. So that trend has been going and been evaluating as the Fed makes it ships and other things and alternatives. So you're seeing that. And yes, we will continue to do that. But the important thing is we're also building that capability very shortly into the bank, which also gives a different set of alternatives for them to really look at their laddering as I mentioned. So you're just adjusting and certainly having the product capability and the capabilities to grow either our balance sheet, our balance sheet and on balance sheet in the bank and insert.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey all, this is Luke on behalf of Alex. Thanks for taking the question. So keeping on topic of the bank, you had a few billion of securities maturing in 2023. What kind of incremental reinvestment spread are you looking at picking up here relative to what's rolling off?
Walter Berman: Okay. So yes, we have about $3 billion maturing during the year. So right now, we are thinking in the range that will be 200 to 300 basis points, so we'll pick up from it. I don't have the exact, but I'll have stepping to get back, but we will pick up reasonably good spread from what's maturing versus what we can invest at.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. Helpful. That's awesome. Thank you. And then switching gears to firm-wide. Do you have any thoughts on how you're thinking about firmwide G&A growth in 2023 off of the $3.6 billion, $3.7 billion base, if this is the right base to think about?
Walter Berman: Yes. Listen, we manage -- I think we've always managed, we're very disciplined in managing our expenses to ensure that we are investing for growth. At the same time, analyzing the margin capabilities as it relates to it. So we will remain disciplined as we go and we look at shifting and where that is from that standard and getting the efficiencies that we are constantly evaluating. So I would say the ranges you've seen is the ranges that we believe will certainly be sustainable, but it's situationally driven as we manage our expenses very tightly.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Schmitt with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Hi, good morning. In Wealth Management, just thinking about cash sorting and I guess, you may be capturing some of that, if that's being shifted into the certificates business. But do you have a sense on how much has sort of shifted maybe in the sort of third-party mutual funds or some other investments?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So over the course of the year, as you would imagine, and started last year, you would have a higher level of cash from clients as they move things to the sideline or et cetera, that put it fully back in the market or even in fixed income. And so went into money markets, went into broken CDs, went into other short-duration products, just like we have the cash here going into some of our certificates. The amount of cash we're holding pretty much on transactional is pretty at the consistent levels. It's not where that has built up tremendously. We just had more client flows coming in and that just as a percentage. And then we got a piece of that into our own certificate program as an example. And now when we actually launch some of the preferred savings and deferred deposit programs within the bank, we'll start to capture even a bit more, hopefully, of that. But new cash has come in, and that has raised our levels overall, but there's been sorting all through this going into those other instruments as well. As our advisors look at what that balances, what's positional versus transactional. So that's why we feel like those levels are pretty consistent because things have already sorted as through the year.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Okay. Is that lower than some peers maybe just because of the client mix? I mean, is there a greater concentration maybe of lower account value that would...
James Cracchiolo: Well, in our case, as I said, I think if you look at certificates, which is actually investing out a bit, and you just look at the amount in our cash sweep products, et cetera, you're actually less than 5%. And so that's consistent with our history based on the level that clients keep for both emergency and transactional activity. So I -- that's why I said, I think money has already been in all these different positional areas to garner a level of interest that the clients want with the advisors. So I actually feel comfortable. Now some of that, I think, will go back when they feel comfortable putting more back into RAP and investment programs as well or longer duration products in the fixed income market.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Okay. And then just one on the bank portfolio. I think that's mainly invested in MBS securities. But how much -- what percentage of that book is in fixed rate investments?
Walter Berman: Well, the majority isn't fixed. But and like I said, it's in structured. The majority of construction, high AA rated and certainly at the highest levels of the security ladder.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you very much for the opportunity. My question was on long-term care. I know third-party claims administration accelerated the pace of terminations. Is that anticipated to persist? And how should we think of run rate within that now?
Walter Berman: Sure. So yes, in the quarter, we had a combination of basically, as you indicated, a strong continued claims performance, along with basically the effects of our benefit programs and basically a premium increases. And -- but there was this one-time catch-up because a vendor did get behind. But that was not -- that was about half of it, but we are seeing good trends as it relates to the claims. And it's typical to forecast, but we think we have all the foundational elements in there. It's been within our expectations for multiple years. And so we are feeling that comfortable where it is, and we do again get the continued benefits of the programs that we have in place to basically contain and manage that effectively.
James Cracchiolo: And we've been able to now start investing out, which is garnering a higher spread for the portfolio, which is good.
John Barnidge: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then my follow-up question. There's been lots of G&A restraint across the franchise this year. But is there an optionality for Asset Management expense reductions, given the lower AUM. There were some other reductions that asset managers announced this morning.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So as you saw in our Asset Management business, we have brought expenses down, and we will continue to really manage expenses tightly there. Now we are making good investments in certain areas. We see opportunity like in some of our real estate and other areas and responsible investing. But we have tightened the range a bit based on the appreciation of the markets. And we feel that is necessarily inappropriate. Now on the other side, like the Advice & Wealth as we build up more capabilities in the bank, we're making some investments. But overall, for the company, we've managed expenses quite tightly, not just the current year but over the years, and it is actually favorable. Now we're going to have merit increases, other things, et cetera, but we're going to look at areas of opportunity to tighten if necessary, based on the market conditions. But Asset Management is one of those areas that we will be a bit more disciplined then.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning Jim and Walter. Question about the advisors. You added 72 this quarter. Good, but a little light of where you were. I'm kind of curious as to your pipeline and how you see that playing out in terms of adding new experienced advisors.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So we did add -- it's a little less than the previous quarter, et cetera, but there's always timing with year-end and activities that occurred, as you would imagine with market conditions, the volatility there with advisors. But I would say the advisors we added actually had very strong productivity. So actually from a production perspective, the amount in total was higher and what we brought in. And the pipeline looks very good. So I think as you see some of the advisors being added, they're really coming over because we do have a really great integrated technology platform. We give a lot of great support. The types of -- they're even coming because they trust the firm and the quality of the firm. And they really think that that's really a benefit for them for their practices. So we feel very good about what the opportunity to continue here.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And then just thinking about the insurance subs RPS. Equity -- in terms of dividending capital to the parent company, the equity markets are sort of a headwind, but then you're doing this tremendous repositioning on the investment portfolio. Could you talk a little bit about expectations for dividending capital up apparently in '23?
Walter Berman: Sure. So it's Walter. We have -- and certainly, as we look at it, and I mentioned as related to the earnings that certainly related to '22, 2023. We will manage and keep our obviously a ratio. And so we feel very good about the dividend capability coming out of RPS, but the thing with the change and certainly enough growth going on in AWM, the bank, the stability of that. We also have an opportunity -- and that increase in the flows of dividends to this parent from AWM and still get dividends coming up because even though they're under pressure for Asset Management, they still are dividending a reasonable amount. So our cash flow coming out of the various segments, including RPS, is really -- we are feeling very good about its capabilities in 2023 as a source of funding for us at the parent.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Can I sneak one last one. Just on M&A, last quarter, you seem to think that you were going to kind of maintain the status quo in terms of divesting of blocks. Any change in that?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So as we looked at the environment, et cetera, in the market, let me put it this way. I mean, you probably saw a thing that was reported out even this week. RiverSource has it's like the second highest and ozone up by a few basis points, second highest return out there of any insurer -- a large insurer. And so I think you got to look at it in a sense as Walter just said the free cash flow, how we de-risk the business, how even what we have on the balance sheet with guarantees is coming down. The products we're selling are lower risk appropriate for the client. And we have a lot of other alternatives on the shelf for the client. So we feel like this is a good hand that we have. And now that the spreads have gone back up we're able to invest out a bit more and garner some. So listen, there may be some opportunities that come along, and we will continue -- we'll look at them as they do. But this is a comfortable hand to have as a complement, particularly with depreciating markets.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Thanks.
Operator: Today's final question will come from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I think we've often seen some level of seasonality with cash balances within AWM to come down some sequentially from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. Is that something you would expect to occur in this year.
Walter Berman: Absolutely. Yes. I think we do expect and we will probably experience the same seasonality and that's been part of our overall planning. So it's -- we don't see any change.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Got it. And then just -- I know there was a question on overall G&A expenses. Perhaps AWM is a little bit -- you have maybe more insight into the outlook there, given the backdrop from an earnings standpoint. Can you give any sense of your expectation for growth in AWM, G&A expenses in '23?
Walter Berman: I think, again, we'll go back to is geared towards making sure we get the payback on that with discipline as we focus. And so we'll manage it relative to the revenue and the growth opportunities we see, but we will be very disciplined in it. And I think it will be in ranges that you've seen in the past. But again, it's situational.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thank you.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean, AWM this year, remember, we had a bounce back in meetings and other travel and T&E, again, coming back from a pandemic sort of thing where we cut all those things out as well as we may continue to make good investments in the growth of the bank and bringing in advisors, et cetera. So you're going to have merit and other things that are there. But I think on a balance basis, our expenses will be managed pretty well. And we don't see that accelerating in any way. But as Walter said, whatever we're making investments, we'll get good returns on, but I don't think that will be at a high level.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. This concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Lisa, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. You may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Third Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On slide 2, you'll see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically during the call you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our third quarter 2022 earnings release, our 2021 annual report to shareholders and our 2021 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the third quarter. Below that you'll see our adjusted operating results, followed by operating results excluding unlocking which management believes enhances the understanding of our business. By reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations, and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. We completed our annual unlocking in the third quarter. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, we'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. What I'd like to do is give you my perspective on the environment and how Ameriprise is performing. Then Walter will cover the financials. In terms of the market environment both equity and fixed income markets continued to decline in the third quarter both here and in Europe. Inflation remains high and sticky and geopolitical risk is elevated. This is causing a high level of volatility keeping investors on the sidelines a bit more. With that short-term interest rates were up 300 basis points so far this year with 150 basis points raised just in the third quarter. I believe that the Fed and other central banks have been playing catch up, and that they will have to continue in increasing rates to get inflation under control. Having said that, it will lead to a slowing of the US and European economies and at this juncture, it looks more like we're heading for a mild recession. Therefore, I expect there will be more volatility ahead. So for Ameriprise the diversity and strength are our business allows us to deliver good outcomes even in challenging times. And you certainly saw that in our results this quarter. We continue to remain in strong client inflows and wealth management and the rise in interest rates, the growth of the bank and the stability of the retirement protection businesses helped to more than offset the effect of depreciating markets and foreign exchange that impacted our asset management business. The investments we made in our business over the years in our technology, client service, product solutions and advice value proposition are paying dividends as we continue our strong focus on our clients and helping our advisors navigate a difficult environment. Now I like to discuss our third quarter results in more detail. Total assets under management administration were $1.1 trillion, which is down 9% from a year ago, assets were impacted by the steep decline in both equity and fixed income markets and the strength of the dollar, which affected the foreign exchange rate and our European business. In terms of adjusted operating financials excluding unlocking revenues were $3.5 billion up 1%. With that earnings per share were up 9% to $6.43. And the return on equity was strong at 47.9%, which is consistent with this time last year. Now let's talk a bit more about our businesses. Our stock with advice and wealth management where we continue to deliver strong results. Despite the environment we had good client flows as clients remained engaged. Total client flows were up 11% in the quarter to more than $11 billion. The mix about flows reflect the environment we're in. We saw strong growth and brokerage cash, certificates and other products. As we expected cash balances continued to be up sharply to more than $46 billion, compared to more than $40 billion just a year ago. We're seeing good growth across our cash offerings. Very importantly, our advisor productivity remained strong as we continue to reinforce a personal relationship in the value of advice. It was up 7% to $819,000 per advisor. We recently met with our top advisors to recognize their success and discuss growth opportunities at Ameriprise. Engagement was terrific, advisors are highly satisfied with the firm and the support we provide. And they liked the technology and the capabilities we've added which is helping them grow. Which brings me to recruiting. We had another very good quarter adding 89 highly productive advisors. Advisor consistently tell us they recognize the strength of our value proposition, our brand, and the stability of the firm. It's a competitive marketplace, and I feel good about our pipeline. In the third quarter, as we have all year, we continue to invest steadily in the business. We continue to release additional tools, capabilities and enhancements that help our advisors engage and meet with clients, deliver actionable advice, and improve efficiency of their practices. As part of our investment agenda, we've been very much focused on expanding our cash offering and growing our bank. The bank provides important flexibility in this rising interest rate environment, and will continue to be a good opportunity for us to further engage and deepen our relationships with clients. We continue to move cash to the bank adding $3.1 billion in the third quarter. And with that we've been able to invest appropriately to garner additional spread. Today, our bank has grown to nearly $19 billion. We also continue to see good growth in our pledge loan business, and we'll be launching more products in the bank as we move forward. Overall, the advice and wealth management business continue to generate strong profitable growth and margins reached 27.8%, up 540 basis points. Now let's turn to retirement and protection solutions. Starting with variable annuities, we have narrowed our focus to concentrate on products that are good for clients in this environment and for the firm. And with that strategy in place, we have continued to generate solid sales and variable annuities without living benefits, as well as our structured products. As we have shifted away from annuities with guarantees. Therefore, our sales are down but in line with the industry. We also made a shift in protection away from fixed insurance to focus on VUL and DI products. Live sales will also down give the climate but again, results were in line with the industry. Based on what we've done to appropriately risk adjust these businesses. They continue to generate good earnings, stability, and solid returns in cash flow as a complement to our other businesses. Now we'll cover asset management. As you've seen across the industry markets have impacted asset levels from an equity and fixed income perspective. As a global asset manager with sizable presence in Europe, we were also affected by the appreciation of the Sterling and the Euro versus the Dollar. Assets under management were down 6% to $546 billion given the equity and fixed income markets and the FX impact I've mentioned more than offsetting the BMO acquisition. Consistent with what you've seen in the industry, investors have more of a risk off perspective and you have a level of tax loss harvesting taking place based on market depreciation. Very critically in this environment, we are maintaining good investment performance and we're continuing to maintain good three-, five- and 10-year track records. While there's been a lot of volatility over the course of the year, over 70% of our funds are above meaning on an asset weighted basis. Our short-term performance has been impacted in some of our fixed income strategies based on the spike in interest rates. And in Europe, some of our equity strategies were impacted because of quality growth positioning. Let's turn to flows; in the quarter, we had outflows of $2.4 billion, that included $1 billion of legacy insurance partner outflows, positive flows and institutional were more than offset by the ongoing pressure we've seen in retail. In retail, overall, we're in net outflows, but it improved a bit from a toughest second quarter for us in the industry. We ended the third quarter with lower gross sales and higher redemptions than a year ago given the markets. This resulted in $5.3 billion of net outflows driven by weak conditions. In US retail, equity outflows remain generally in line with the industry and fixed income results were behind given our product mix. In EMEA, the retail flows remained under pressure, we did see some improvements in continental Europe, and overall flows were a bit better than the industry for the quarter. Turning to global institutional, excluding legacy insurance partners, net inflows with $3.9 billion and we've seen fundings get extended given the markets and some asset allocation calls. In asset management, we expect the environment will remain challenging. However, we think there will be opportunities as markets settle down over time and interest rates stabilize. At the same time, BMO EMEA business, and that's going well. We continue to make good investments in the business overall, ensuring that we have the right focus to move forward in distribution, as well as servicing and platform capabilities. But we also have a very strong eye towards managing expenses in this market, and adjusted for the BMO EMEA acquisition, we brought G&A expenses down by 7% and we'll continue to be very focused there. As I look ahead for Ameriprise, I believe we will continue to be operating in these markets for a while. So as you expect from us, we're very much focused on what we can control. That includes continuing our strong engagement with clients and advisors, as well as leveraging our investments as we continue to manage our expenses tightly moving forward. Importantly, I feel like the strength of our businesses and the growth of the bank will allow us to navigate these markets very well and generate a consistent level of free cash flow and good returns for our shareholders. And what's very important and critical for the firm. And what we deliver is the engagement of our people and advisors. I feel very good about the team. We just conducted our employee and advisor surveys and we continue to see high levels of engagement and satisfaction industry leading. And we know how important this is going through a challenging environment to keep our focus on our clients. In total, I feel really good about the mix of our business, the flexibility we have and how we are positioned for both the challenges and the opportunities ahead. Now I'll turn it over to Walter and then I'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you. As Jim said results this quarter continued to demonstrate the strength of the Ameriprise value proposition as adjusted EPS excluding unlocking increased 9% to $6.43 in a challenging market environment. Both management business momentum, higher interest rate environment and expense discipline more than offset equity and fixed income market appreciation, coupled with significant weakening of the pound and the euro in the quarter. We continue to benefit from strong growth in wealth management, which represented 60% of adjusted operating earnings in the quarter, up from 49% a year ago. Across the firm, we continue to manage expenses tightly relative to the revenue opportunity within each segment. As a result, we've continued to make investments in the bank and other growth initiatives, particularly in wealth management, while prudently managing overall firm wide expenses. On year-to-date basis, G&A expenses are flat excluding BMO. We expect that for the year G&A will be down 1%. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong despite continued market depreciation in a quarter and we returned $632 million of capital to shareholders. For the full year, we remain on track to return approximately 90% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders. Let's turn to slide 6. Assets under management administration ended the quarter at $1.1 trillion down 9%. While AUM/A benefited from strong client flows and the addition of BMO late last year, we experienced significant market impacts. Equity and fixed markets were down 19% and 14%, respectively. In addition, Asset Management AUM levels were substantially impacted by significant weakening of the pound and the euro, with the AUM of non- US businesses down to approximately 35% of total. Overall, pretax earnings remain strong in this environment, up 6% from last year, excluding unlocking. With meaningful benefits from interest rates and strong client flows more than offsetting significant negative equity and fixed income markets and foreign exchange impacts that largely occurred in September. Let's turn to individual segment performance beginning with wealth management on slide 7, wealth management client assets declined 12% to $711 billion as a result of significant market depreciation over the past year, partially offset by our strong organic growth. Total client net flows remain strong $11.2 billion, up 11% from last year, with $6.4 billion of flows into wrap accounts, and $4.8 billion into non-advisory accounts, specifically certificates and retail brokerage, as anticipated in this environment. Revenue per advisor reached to $819,000 in the quarter, up 7% from the prior year from continue to enhance productivity and business growth. On slide 8, you can see wealth management profitability increased 30% in the quarter, with the significant benefit from interest rates and strong organic growth exceeding negative impacts from market depreciation and lower transactional activity. Pretax operating margin reached nearly 28%, up over 500 basis points year-over-year and up 390 basis points sequentially. Adjusted operating expense declined 3% with distribution expenses down 7% reflecting lower transactional activity in asset balances. G&A is up 12% in the quarter and up 7% on a year-to-date basis. The higher-than-normal year-over-year increase in the third quarter was driven by unusually low prior year expenses relating to staffing levels and T&E, timing of expenses in the current year, and continued expenses associated with higher volumes and continued investments in the bank and other growth initiatives. We anticipate that the full year will be in line with the 7% year-to-date growth pace, we expect the higher interest rate pattern to drive a substantial and sustainable benefit in the fourth quarter of '22 as well as 2023. Let's discuss the components in more detail. First, cash balances remain high at $46 billion this quarter. With multiple products available to meet client needs, including brokerage cash, bank and certificates. The majority of our brokerage cash is in working cash accounts for our clients with over half of the balance is less than $100,000. And our client crediting rates have continuously benchmark and remain competitive. As a result, we have not experienced cash sorting issues to the extent of others in the industry. Our certificate products offer another solution for clients looking to ladder their liquidity and garner some additional rate upside in the multiple product offerings. Second, the bank provides flexibility to optimize the benefits from higher rates by investing in high quality, longer duration securities, creating sustainability of interest earnings, our bank reached nearly $19 billion in the quarter, up from $10 billion a year ago. In 2023, we plan to grow the bank to the $22 billion range. In the quarter, the pickup from investments in the bank is approximately 150 - 200 basis points above the spreads from wrap balance sheet cash. Over the past several years, our total client cash balances have been consistently 5% to 6% of total client assets. This positions us well to capture the opportunity from rising rates and lock-in those benefits over the medium term. In 2022, spread earnings will increase by over $600 million versus the prior year and we expect this trend to continue into 2023. Let's turn to asset management on slide 9. We're managing the business well through a challenging market. Total assets under management declined 6% to $546 billion primarily from equity and fixed income market depreciation and unexpected significant negative pound and Euro foreign exchange impact, as I mentioned, the BMO acquisition broaden our geographic diversification with about 35% of the assets in EMEA. However, this diversification increased our foreign exchange transaction exposure. As mantra like the industry was an out flow in the quarter, continuous strength in our global institutional business offset a meaningful portion of retail outflows. Like others, we experienced pressures from global market volatility, a risk off investor sentiment and geopolitical strain in EMEA, marching the quarter declined to 35.6%, which is slightly above our target range of 31% to 35%. Decline versus last year is attributable to broad markets appreciation and foreign exchange impacts. Given the material market depreciation and foreign currency weakening in September, we expect additional margin erosion next quarter. On slide 10, you can see asset management financial results reflect the market environment. Earnings declined to $191 million reflecting double digit market depreciation, significant foreign exchange weakening and outflows. Importantly, we continue to manage the years we can control. Expenses remain well mannered, excluding BMO total expenses were down 13% aided by a 7% decline in G&A. We continue to make market driven trade-offs and discretionary spend and remain committed to managing expenses very tightly in the current revenue environment, and the fee rate remained stable in the quarter at 48 basis points. Let's turn to slide 11. Retirement and protection solutions continuing to deliver stable earnings and free cash flow generation, clear result of a differentiated risk profile. Pretax adjusted operating earnings excluding unlocking were $203 million. In the quarter, we completed our annual actuarial assumption update, which resulted in unfavorable pretax impact of $172 million. Sales in the quarter similar to the industry declined as a result of the volatile market environment, as well as management action to discontinue sales of variable annuities with limited benefits to reduce the risk profile of the business. Protection sales remain concentrated in higher margin asset accumulation VUL, which now represents one third of total insurance inforce assets. Annuity sales in the quarter were in lower risk products without guarantees and structured variable annuities. These products represent over 40% of our total VA account value. We have begun to reposition our investment portfolio to capture the interest rate opportunity. We have remained short on duration in this portfolio given the low-rate environment over the past several years, we now have the opportunity to enhance yield by extending asset duration and changing the mix in business without increasing credit risk. Now let's move to the balance sheet on slide 12. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong and our diversified high quality investment portfolio remains well positioned. In total, the average credit rating of the portfolio is AA with only 1.6% of the portfolio in below investment grade securities. Despite significant market dislocation in the quarter, VA hedge effectiveness remain very strong in the quarter at 97%. Our diversified business model benefits from significant stable free cash flow contributions from all business segments. This supports that consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders, even during periods of market depreciation like we experienced this quarter. During the quarter, we returned $632 million to shareholders in excess capital and holding company liquidity remains strong. We are on track to return approximately 90% of the adjusted operating earnings to shareholders in 2022. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ryan Krueger with KBW
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is could you give us an update on your excess capital position and any moving parts from the quarter?
Walter Berman: Sure. I'll take that. The number is $1.3 billion. And it's down $300 million from last quarter and the main drivers on that is the market dislocation and the growth in the bank and the remainder is coming from the unlocking.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thank you. And then separately in retirement and protections, our earnings are over $200 million this quarter ex unlocking they'd previously been running more than $180 million to $190 million range. Can you help us think about the run rate earnings in that business going forward? And also how the portfolio repositioning will impact that?
Walter Berman: Yes, I would say that yes, it did increase a little bit. But I think the run rate you are talking about between 180 range is certainly one two, that's we anticipate going forward. And yes, the interest rates, we'll take that up again, as we do it, because we are reinvesting out. As we looked at the portfolio and the opportunities because we basically say short duration now, we're taking advantages we move out. But it will go off, but I would say I would start with 180 ranks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS Financials.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, Jim and Walter, thanks for taking my question. I'd love to start with some of the comments on the bank. I believe you indicated that you'd be moving about $3 billion in balances in 2023. Why not accelerate that we saw more than that move in 2022, rate environment is certainly attractive. And it seems like a good place to utilize some of that capital. So that's number one. And then number two, when you think about the pledge loan book within the bank, are you seeing any change in demand or growth as a result of higher rates where maybe the demand is eased up.
Jim Cracchiolo: So as relates to '23, we, I indicated that the, it's probably better to say it was at least two, we would add $3 billion next year, we obviously will gauge the situation, we certainly have the capacity to do more, both from the availability of liabilities and capital. And we will assess it and the key element associated with that is also the availability of investments that meet our standards, both from a quality standpoint and diversification standpoint, that will be a factor in that. We feel very comfortable with the balances we have that will be the source of that. So I would probably modify and say at least $3 billion.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, thanks for that clarification, and then pledge loans. Have you seen any shifts in demand with higher rates? Or is those continued to grow?
Jim Cracchiolo: On the pledge loans --
Walter Berman: On the pledge, I am sorry, I didn't hear, in pledge loan is actually, right now it's adjusting with markets, but it's growing steadily. And we feel very comfortable with it. And from that standpoint, it's a total of that is an over the $1 billion range for total standpoint with our program. So we feel very comfortable with it.
Brennan Hawken: Great, thanks for that. And then in wealth -- in the wealth business. You guys do a great job of returning capital to shareholders, and have a long track record there. And I think it's appreciated. But have you considered maybe shifting and having an allocation to [Inaudible] capital and using some of your excess capital to actually continue to build on the recent success that you've had in adding advisors, and generating that really steady net new assets in the mid-single digits and maybe even pushing that a little higher? Have you considered any of that? Or is that you're just sort of comfortable with the recruiting approach that you've taken so far?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we, so we're very much focused on continuing to bring in quality recruits, we just don't want to associate people to us and have been a processing platform per se. As you can see, we have a very good strong client value proposition. That's very important. That's why we generate good returns good margins, good retention of assets, we ensure that we have an excellent client experience, keeping our client satisfaction really high. And we really focus on helping good quality advisors grow their practices, and retain and build. So we're going to continue to look and attract good advisors in. We're spending a bit more time on bringing in some younger people again, and building succession in their practices and helping advisors extend their teams. And we're also building out our IPI group which is our institutional business and we're winning some nice accounts there and grow in the advisor force. And we're also doing some work on our remote channels and expanding that activity that we think will also be a compliment. So along those lines, we are putting money to work we are investing et cetera. So it's not so much about the use of capital, it's more about continuing to drive in the areas that areas that we think we can generate both good returns, but more importantly, continue to build out against our value proposition.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Great, thanks. Just wanted to go back to the bank, if I could. I guess in addition to adding more deposits, we're thinking another lever you guys have is to reinvest some assets that are maturing that the deposits are currently supporting. So can you frame maybe how much of those assets are rolling off in 2023? And if possible, what the yield was on those assets relative to where you're able to invest your money today.
Walter Berman: Yes, so let me take an approximate, this is Walter, approximately because we're short duration, if you look at it, where duration is tad over three, that you should expect over $3 billion to mature in the year. And I don't have the exact numbers on yield, but you should imagine that it's we're going to pick up at least 300 or 400 basis points versus what's mature. And I can have Alicia, get back to you on that.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then I guess for Jim, towards as the quarter progressed, we're getting quite a few questions on LDI in the UK, and what's going on there? And what any impact on your UK asset management business there could be? So could you maybe frame that out? Well, how you're thinking about that, as an opportunity or where the risks are, just want to make sure that it's clear in terms of where your exposure is, if possible. Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Sure, Suneet. So I think as everyone is aware this is a very large market, it's over $1.3 trillion in the UK, depends on the day. And it's really used by almost all the pension funds, they're supported by the regulatory authorities. The long-term gilt and European interest rates increased dramatically in September. And that resulted in clients having to post additional collateral to maintain their LDI coverage ratio ratios. The volatility was something that wasn't necessarily seen in the past, it was in the 15, to 18, standard deviation type event, which is really abnormal, and so that volatility affecting the bond markets, interest rates going up, et cetera. So clients have maintained their LDI positions, as you would expect the systems. And we think this will normalize over time, but they had to post more collateral and then free up some assets to do it. This market will come back around and a sense of the stabilization and the reverting back to the mean. So we feel like the market will continue to be very important there. And the pension funds will continue to utilize that for the way they have to manage their assets going forward to get the returns. But we do expect some adjustments in the market going forward. Some players would have to reduce leverage a bit, there may be some more operational adjustments to make sure that the markets can flow a bit more easily as you get these types of dislocations. And with us, you, of course saw asset level decline, meaning from the depreciation of the market, but we really haven't seen major outflows in any fashion. And in fact, there's some new business that came in. So we feel like this market will recover. And we feel like we can still do a good business there and it won't have a significant long-term effect.
Suneet Kamath: So just to summarize, near term more of a kind of AUM, potentially earnings issue, as opposed to anything more significant than that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, exactly.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Great, good morning. Thank you for the question. First, just around some of the cash dynamics and advice over and advice and wealth, and kind of how that's trending. So clearly great to see the positive beta is still very low at this point in the cycle, as you look forward, I guess, how do you think that will progress? And part b to that curious if you seeing any incremental demand from third party bank sweep, and whether the spread is starting to improve in that channel as well?
Walter Berman: So as far as third-party demand, certainly we have an extensive program, and we do not have an issue on the placement of the funds from that standpoint. And we also, again the bank allows us to capability as I talked about growing and certainly reinvesting more directly with our bank institution. As far as the deposit beta, look, we do a competitive scan each week, we certainly evaluated certain as rates go up and we look at the competitive elements, because you look at the per account compensation or client crediting rates, they will change and I'm sure they will be going up as relates to this. Of course, our main focus is to ensure that our clients are getting appropriate rates that are competitive.
Alex Blostein: Got it and Walter, just to make sure that I understood the, are you saying you're seeing an improvement in demand from third party banks -- or no real change in terms of what we've seen over the last couple quarter.
Walter Berman: I would say this is a healthy environment, but it's a healthy environment. And certainly we saw back a couple of months ago from that standpoint. Absolutely.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Understood. And then Jim, one for you. There's been a couple of articles talking about some potential asset management platforms for sale. In the past, you guys have obviously been very opportunistic when I kind of think about the Columbia acquisition from Bank of America. As the environment gets potentially or remains, I guess kind of dicey here. How do you think about opportunities for incremental M&A for Ameriprise on the asset management side of the house?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, again, I think markets going through a level of dislocation right now and some pressure from as you can see the appreciation of the market and flows, we are very much focused on really the business that we have right now. We're integrating the BMO and international and that's going well, and that's consuming in some time and attention. At the same time, we know that this is a time for us to really engage our clients and maintain it. And we have a lot of good new stuff going on in some of the areas and disciplines that we've been investing in from ESG to some of the institutional and OCIO and et cetera, et cetera and some alternatives. So we feel good about the hand, we don't know that down the road, if there's more significant dislocation, and it makes some sense. Maybe we'll play but right now it's not as something we have on the plate.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Maybe staying on the topic of M&A but on the divestiture end, the markets been pretty volatile. And just in general, locked transactions of insurance assets have not been as robust as we would have thought. And I had some optimism that maybe Ameriprise would do some transactions? Could you give a little coloron types of talks you're having about long-term care, variable annuities and life insurance blocks respectively, and the potential to divest?
Jim Cracchiolo: Sure, Andrew. So as we said, we wanted to survey the markets to potential and what the opportunity may be just to evaluate. And in so doing, what we found, most importantly, is that there aren't a lot of market participates -- participants that have transacted or interested in more what I would call high quality books. In a sense, they've been much more focused on general count assets so that they can invest with using their various structures and capital situations. So we don't think the market has sufficiently evolved to look at the type of business that we have, and the type of value that we realize from that business. And so at this juncture, we actually feel very good about holding business, we actually de-risk the business tremendously, we move out of a lot of types of businesses that have a bit more of that volatility or long-term tail on mix of business, including our variable annuities without living benefits as a significant part of our portfolio. The other portfolio with the living benefits that's closed at this point, was actually done in the right way with the right benefits and the right hedging. And so we get good cash flow from these businesses and good stability. I think you've even saw in the current quarter; this has been a nice stability for us as you get appreciating markets on the equity side. And now wealth is able to even invest out longer and get higher yields on the book, which is good. In our long-term care book, you could see the quality of that even over the current years, a number of years. And so here again, there might be some opportunities, as people start to get more informed on this over time that we'll see. And I think we're starting to, but I think at this juncture, we're very comfortable with the hand we have what we're doing the type of businesses we maintain and type of businesses, we invest in, the type of businesses that we move up and handle the book to manage. And so we actually think it's a great compliment, particular an environment like this.
Andrew Kligerman: That's really helpful. And Jim, maybe just shifting over to asset management for presentations clearly in retail-, three-, five- and 10-year numbers are excellent versus peers. But the one-year numbers seem to have deteriorated in both retail equity and retail fixed income. Could you kind of give a little color on why those figures have deteriorated versus peers, and strategically what you might do to turn around that performance.
Jim Cracchiolo: So again, good question and I think we've mentioned that a little higher level. So let me dig a little deeper for you. So overall in across our portfolios, even for the one year, the very good there are a few pockets that where we have some underperformance but it's not by a lot that really brings the averages down. So some of that's in our fixed income. So in some of the longest duration, because of the rise, the spike in interest rates as quickly, our teams were much more focused on the credit side, and so the duration was a bit longer. And so that impact now that will come and reverse around as we get further out where the yields will be good and et cetera. But I would probably say that's where we've gotten some of the impact not on the shorter duration on the longer. And then the second part is in Europe. And it's not because of underperformance. It's because in Europe, when they have equities, they don't break their benchmark into value versus growth, et cetera. And so we have more growth quality-oriented portfolios. And as you wouldn't have understood value has performed a bit better in this market, even though it's down, it's been down less than growth oriented. And so those benchmarks underperform the benchmark, but our clients there understand that that's why they invested in the portfolios, and they know and feel good about what that is over the longer term. But on a benchmark basis that's why you got the underperformance.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. My question is on brokerage, cash sorting. How do you expect sorting activity a trend over the next six to 12 months? And what do you see as the direct impact about money market fund AUM and cash balances.
Jim Cracchiolo: So let me start and if Walter wants to complement. So we already have an in what you've seen in the growth of all cash, there's already had the catch of cash sorting occurring. So the growth of cash itself, if you'd call it in a logic category is higher than $46 billion because money has gone into money markets, and they have gone into shorter duration funds and some brokerage activities. And so with the growth that we have, this is more of the continuation of the growth that's more in the transactional health of the cash or in our certificate programs. And so we saw some of that cash sorting occur in the third quarter, as you said, we may see some more of it. But the ties of the cash have grown because people have moved money to the sidelines.
Walter Berman: The only thing I'd add there is I think Alicia said yesterday, over 50% of this transitional working cash is less than $100,000 or $100,000 less. So is -- its stickiness is there. And certainly we are competitive in what we do. So I think this sorting is less of an issue for us from that standpoint. Because in the higher tiers, we are competitive, and we constantly evaluate, like I said weekly, to ensure that stays. So it's a different model that we have. And I think it's demonstrating its stickiness.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Walter. Then sticking with that brokerage cash, what are your longer-term targets for both off balance sheet cash, and then on balance sheet cash inside of the bank. And I'm thinking when you reach more of an equilibrium in your cash mix as opposed to the bulk transfer effort.
Walter Berman: So let me take a shot. Listen, obviously, we have a growing situation, certainly with the getting additional cash from our current clients and new year is coming. And so we think we see that as growing from that standpoint. And we will gauge it as obviously the impact of looking at alternatives because it is again transitional on where it's going to go. But that is something from a directional standpoint, very sticky. And we do see certainly potential to grow, but we will then look for, as I indicated the ability to redeploy in our multiple strategies to ensure the stability of our earnings that we have both garnering the higher yield with the certainly the high the low risk profile that we do and to ensure that so I would say that, you'll see the percentage going over the bank increasing as we've progressed as we feel comfortable, it's all situational driven. And that's why I said, when I said my top points, $3 billion is probably at least $3 billion because we do see in this case, but we reevaluate that there's substantial opportunity to use the bank, not just for the investments we're talking about to grow the capabilities that we have to meet our clients' needs also with deposit projects and hybrid products that they're developing at this stage.
Jim Cracchiolo: It will be launched in a number of deposit products in the bank, starting in the first quarter and then high yielding types of deposits and other things that you see in some of the other types of institutions later in the year. So we feel there's an opportunity to not just transfer money in but to absolutely grow the deposit base.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kenneth Lee with RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and good morning. Just one on the asset management business in terms of the margins, obviously, above the target range this past quarter wondering if there's any specific factors driving that any potential benefits that are nonrecurring. And in terms of the outlook for margins, you mentioned potential erosion based on FX. Just wondered, if you could just further expand that. Thanks.
Walter Berman: So on the margins, as you saw certainly as relates to the markets that we looked at last year they are running they're in their 40s. And we mentioned that we're certainly getting the benefits from the market appreciation was taking place. And now you're saying from that standpoint, we've already absorbed the lower margin, as we indicated to that associated to BMO business, which is the nature of their business. So this 35.6 is around range is that above, slightly above our target of 31 to 35, that's been impacted by the markets, primarily, there's no abnormalities that we see other than the foreign exchange and everything that have impacted that. But as I mentioned, the market basically deprecation substantially took place in the September timeframe. So you will see a carryover of that into the fourth quarter, but there'll be a market driven situation, we'll probably move it to the low end of the range.
Jim Cracchiolo: And foreign exchange we have 40% of our assets. And a year ago with the BMO acquisition in Europe, in the UK, and you can see the size of that depreciation of the pound and the euro. And that had a sizable effect. Now, hopefully, that will stabilize and over time because the dollar so strong, maybe start to come back in a fashion that would be a positive. But the combination of that and appreciating markets have really squeezed that a bit.
Kenneth Lee: Got you. Very helpful. And just one follow up by, if I may, just on the annual actuarial review, wondering if you could just share with us some of the key assumption changes driving most of the impact. Thanks.
Walter Berman: Okay, the key elements that drove it from the actuarial net was that we adjusted our mortality tables, and from the standpoint we looked at our experience and so that was one and then we also saw our lower laps is coming in and therefore extending a living benefit only those that are partner. Again, nothing out of pattern. It was just -- that was the trendline.
Jim Cracchiolo: And we did not adjust our interest rates where we had lower than a year ago, and you can see the rise in interest rates.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. First question is just how do you think about the ROI difference right now between the build and bank versus the benefit of share repurchase? Thinking about how much you've grown the size of that bank and the capital that's been used to build that up? I assume those are pretty high ROE, but just curious if you can give some perspective on what level are ROE, ROI however you wanted to describe and how that would compare to the return you get from share repurchase?
Walter Berman: Well, it's interesting, because listen, I think, as you look at the amount of free cash flow, we generate in the amount of excess capital we have, and our ability to does not inhibited in any manner, shape or form our ability to continue to grow and invest in a bank to garner the benefits of both and we constantly are making that evaluation accessing our access as it is the situation and the generation that we have. So I would say the return to the bank are certainly getting to very respectful levels. And the buyback from that standpoint is an element that we look at, certainly our excess, looking at the opportunity to return to shareholders, and then other opportunities, but one of the things that we constantly do is the ability that we are not basically stopping or reducing our impact of investing in the business. And that is a key to us. So I would say they're not mutually exclusive. We can't --
Jim Cracchiolo: And I think you'll also find that the bank now will become a nice complement. And it's not just for what it is today, but strategically it will actually help us expand our relationships, deepen them with clients, offer a lot of other products and situational for the wealth business. And so we actually think it's a great diversifier and a great complement, and that capital that was applying will get a very good return on it.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thanks. And then just a follow up on the whole cash benefit that you would still expect to see heading into 2023. I just want to make sure I'm thinking about this correctly, or at least directionally correctly. If I add, look at the $46 billion all-in a balance and listen to everything you've said so far, on the revenue side, I can and I'm going to compare it to the run rate you had in 3Q to then where this should go to in 2023. But on the revenue side, I can get somewhere in the $300 million to $400 million pretax earnings, revenue pickup headed into 2023. But then it's a little less clear to me how much of a give up, you would expect to have on cost of crediting, whether that's 20%, 50% any. So, Walter, curious if you can give me some idea whether I'm in the right directional place on the revenue pickup and then also credit.
Walter Berman: I am -- instead of forecasting, Tom, nothing against report because will say, as you see what the trend lines are, and certainly, the elements of potential rate increases and the balances we have, but there's a lot of variables that go into it. But certainly, we have a very, very strong trend line as we certainly go into the fourth quarter and going into 2023. And we feel with the complement of both the short cash coming out of the sweep accounts and the investments there. And the spreads that we're picking up in the bank, you can imagine is going to be a positive trend as we move in to the fourth and first in 2023.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, for Walter, sorry, just a follow up on that anything you can offer, it doesn't look like you've had to give much up on cost of crediting so far. Any sense for how that might change? Do you think that's still going to be a fairly low impact? Whether you think that might move off, I am just curious.
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say this, what I was saying is there is an increase in crediting rates and they will be as rates continue to be persistent or go up, we will make adjustments again, based on size of accounting, whether it's really a transactional or not in keeping the cash, but as Water said, some of that could be will be offset based on some of the rollover and assets we have in the bank and how to invest as well as what we transfer. But also if there's a question is the Fed going to continue to raise rates? I mean, it's pretty much we think is going to go up again, I know there's a lot of things that the Fed's going to pull back next year. But with inflation so persistent, I'm not sure that's the case. And if it is we have the ability to invest out. So I think we're feeling very good that what we get from the bank, what we get from the overall business will offset the appreciating markets and give us a nice compliment here.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hey, good morning. So why don't we start off with a question just on the organic growth drivers in AWM, the 6% organic growth, certainly a good result, given the choppy tape, it looks like you recorded some wins in the financial institutions channel during the quarter, how material was some of those wins from an M&A perspective? And can you help frame the organic growth opportunity that you envisage within that channel?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so we are getting some nice wins. And we're actually have a good pipeline of even some larger size types of deals arrangements. And as those deals occur, the assets usually follow. So in that sense, you have that pipeline that occurs, and then you bring on the advisors, et cetera, to help grow those channels. So we feel it'll be a nice a growth, business progress, again, based on the size and scale compared to other businesses. It's not of the scale yet, but we think this will grow in scale over time, and so we feel very good about it. We don't break out information yet. That'll be something we'll look at down the road.
Steven Chubak: Got it. And just a follow up on the earlier discussion relating to cash sorting, you noted that you've seen some better cash sorting trends relative to peers. Some of your peers also alluded to a benefit from heavy selling activity in September and was hoping you can just give an update on what you're seeing in terms of cash balance trends or levels in October, and maybe a little bit more specificity just in terms of where you expect cash balances to settle out once we reach whether it's terminal Fed funds or just peak sorting activity across the complex.
Jim Cracchiolo: Look, the only thing I mean, what, the way I would position it to you is we've always had a certain level that is held in our cash based on how we do asset allocation, how we have it for clients, liquidity needs and emergency or even for cash to reinvest in and balances that ability to allocate. And so if you assume that's the case, 5%, 6%, you can look at it that way. Of course, cash has built up a bit more, and we saw that and that's why I said there's a complement the cash above what we're holding that has gone into some of these other types of money markets and other things and, and broker CDs, et cetera, et cetera so structured. So I would probably say we are not seeing that there will be a dramatic fall off in the cash that we're holding, there may be some adjustment because it's gone up a bit. But we feel very comfortable that within that type of range of percentage to assets. Because again, this is not where people are holding huge amounts of cash just short term, they usually, our advisors usually invest that at one level anyway, even if it's in a type of cash product or a bond. I think over time fixed income will come back. That bodes well for our asset management businesses well and go to work in a wrap accounts. But I still think that the 5% or 6% would be rational decline as we've seen over the past.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Can you talk about your outlook for expense reductions and asset management with the BMO acquisition now coming up on a full year? I know the one-year rule is important for European regulators.
Walter Berman: The synergies from the BMO acquisition.
Jim Cracchiolo: Percentages.
Jim Cracchiolo: Synergies from. Synergies, right now actually on track. As we talked about, we gave in when we announced that we are tracking on synergies, obviously, from that standpoint, and the synergies between us --what.
Walter Berman: The next year as well. For 2023 that's what I would say the bulk of the synergies will be achieved as we go. And we will also then complete our most of our transition expense activities that relate to it. And so we're on track, and we're pulling in.
Jim Cracchiolo: And most of what you saw in the reduction expenses wasn't necessarily from synergies yet in the current periods. So that's more of tightening up our expenses. As we go in. And the team's doing a good job of rationalizing what that is, and we'll look to maintain control of those expenses, we are still making a nice investment in asset management. But I think the synergies will be helpful as well as we go in that will offset some of the compression that we're seeing in the European markets.
John Barnidge: Thank you. And then my follow up question. Do you think only mortality is the best, strongest or healthiest in 3Q annually. Is that pre-COVID cadence to mortality trends return for the retirement protection solutions life business. Thank you.
Walter Berman: So, look, if you're doing a mortality table that we addressed it.
John Barnidge: No, I'm just talking about --
Walter Berman: The mortality in our normal life business. Again, our mortality in life is we using basically industry tables right now we are basically saying that our trends are totally consistent with the industry tables that we've been that are out there.
Operator: Our last question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. May be for wealth management. Just trying to put it all together. It doesn't sound like there's anything unusual that benefited margins this quarter, and you'll still expect to see some benefits from interest rates going forward. So do you see a margin in the 27% range that sustainable near term and something that could potentially even move higher if market stabilized?
Walter Berman: So, listen, our margin the base business is increasing. But really, we are getting a lift from the interest rates and that is an important contributor. And certainly we do see margins from those activities of being a larger element as you look at the bank and you look at the free cash. So yes, the answer is yes, we do see the margins will be increasing based upon the current assumptions that we see.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then it's last thing just on the new advisor recruiting outlook. Can you just talk about how market conditions are affecting your ability to recruit advisors because this was a good quarter this quarter, I know things sort of happen on a lag. Are you seeing any change in the pipeline?
John Barnidge: No, we see a good pipeline. We are maintaining sort of our focus on that and the areas of levels that you've been seeing. I think we're finally breaking through as far as what advisors understand about our business. I mean, when we compare what we do our capabilities, our technology, et cetera, I think advisors are very impressed. And we get very good compliments, I mean, nine times out of 10 our advisors, join us say that our capabilities technology support is way beneficial from the former stage joined us from whether they be the independence or the wires et cetera. So we feel very good about what that is as long as we have the conversations.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. You may begin. 
Alicia Charity: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Second Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On slide 2 you'll see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically during the call you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of todays date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our second quarter 2022 earnings release, our 2021 annual report to shareholders and our 2021 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that you'll see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Ameriprise performed well in a significantly more challenging environment and delivered a solid quarter. Clearly high inflation in the US and globally as well as geopolitical uncertainty continued to cause greater volatility in pressured markets. With the Fed raising rates and concern about a potential recession, markets are experiencing headwinds and that's weighing on investor sentiment. While the environment impacted our results particularly in Asset Management, we delivered strong profitability, good client flows and wealth management and strong results at the bank. We're continuing to serve clients well, managing our expenses prudently and investing in the business to drive near and longer term growth. Let's move to second quarter results. Compared to a year ago, total assets under management and administration declined 3% to $1.2 trillion. We benefited from the BMO EMEA acquisition and the cumulative impact of Ameriprise client net inflows but assets were affected by a negative foreign exchange and the steep decline in both equity and fixed income markets. In terms of adjusted operating financials, revenues grew 3% to $3.5 billion as good business performance offset market impacts. With that, earnings were up 4% with EPS up 10% to $5.81 and ROE was very strong at 48.8%, compared to 37.5% a year ago. I'll turn to Advice & Wealth Management where we delivered another strong quarter. We had good activity in a tough market environment. We're serving clients well with our goal-based advice, driving strong engagement and earning strong satisfaction. Total client net inflows were $8.6 billion down 10% but quite good in this environment. Our wrap net inflows also declined to $6.2 billion. Cash balances were up sharply to more than $47 billion, compared to more than $39 billion a year ago. Even in a more challenging operating environment, our adviser productivity was strong up 11% to $814,000 per adviser. We recently hosted our national conference for our top advisers and the level of engagement was terrific. They're excited about growing their practices at Ameriprise and appreciate the investments we've made and the support we provide. We're also seeing nice engagement with adviser recruits. We had another good quarter in terms of recruiting adding 99 highly productive advisers. Our value proposition stands even taller in choppier markets. When experienced advisers join us, they routinely say our culture, technology, financial planning capabilities and ability to grow are key reasons they make the move. We're driving meaningful momentum and I feel good about our pipeline. Now I'll give you some perspective on our growing cash business, which represents a significant future revenue and earnings opportunity for us. First, we're beginning to generate more revenue from our off-balance sheet cash as the Fed increases short rates. Second, we continue to move more assets to Ameriprise Bank garnering additional spread including moving $2.3 billion to the bank late in the second quarter. For perspective, total bank assets are now at $17.1 billion. Assets have more than doubled since the beginning of 2021 and we're positioned to take this further. An important takeaway for you is that as we move through the second half of 2022 and into 2023, the growth of our cash business and rising interest rates will provide an offset to equity market weakness. That leads me to AWM's financials. We continue to generate strong pre-tax income up 16% to nearly $500 million and our margin continues to accrete up 250 basis points to nearly 24%, even after the impact of substantial market declines. Moving to Retirement & Protection Solutions. The business is performing well in this environment and reflects our strategy to focus on our core products. I'll start with variable annuities. Overall, sales were down 29% given our move away from living benefit guarantees. We continue to prioritize annuities without living benefits in our structured products. In Protection, Life sales declined 23% given the climate and our move away from fixed insurance. We remain focused on our VUL and DI products, which have good profitability and are appropriate for our clients. In terms of earnings, they were in line with our expectations and our financial results and free cash flow look good and our risk profile remains well managed. Now let's turn to Asset Management. We've already referenced the challenging operating environment that has resulted in asset declines and tough retail flows for the industry. We're experiencing that pressure too. However, we feel like the business is performing well and we're making appropriate adjustments as we move forward. Assets under management was up a bit year-over-year as a result of the BMO acquisition and the cumulative impact of net inflows offset by market declines and a significant foreign exchange impact in the quarter. Revenue was essentially flat overall. Let's start with investment performance. Our long-term numbers continue to show good consistency for our three, five and 10-year time periods with over 75% of our funds above medium on an asset-weighted basis. Regarding one-year performance, it's been a tough period in both equities and fixed income. Domestic equity results were good driven by our larger funds moving back above the median. In international equities, our quality positioning has been more of a challenge in these markets. In fixed income, results have been solid in Europe, but in the US were impacted by our longer duration positioning in our quality focus and credit. We do feel with market conditions beginning to stabilize, we should see some improvement. Let's turn to flows, where we had outflows of $3.1 billion in the quarter that included $1.2 billion of legacy insurance partner outflows. This reflects the pressure you've seen in retail, but was partially offset by positive institutional results. In retail overall, we had lower gross sales and higher redemptions resulting in $5.8 billion of net outflows. This was driven largely by weak conditions in the United States and to a lesser extent in EMEA. In US retail, equity outflows were generally in line with the industry and the fixed income results were behind given our product mix. Compared to the industry, we did not participate nearly as much in short duration as interest rates stabilize and investors see opportunities, we believe our product position to improve flows. In EMEA, retail flows also remained under pressure. However, we did see some improvement in Continental Europe. Turning to Global Institutional. Excluding legacy insurance partners, net inflows were $3.9 billion. We had some good inflows in fixed income and other strategies. In addition, to our broad lineup of traditional institutional strategies, we're bringing more focus to multi-asset and solutions as well as alternatives. I was with the team in London in June, and they're feeling good about the core business the integration and the extensive capabilities we offer clients. In fact, just a few weeks ago we announced the rebranding of BMO strategies to Columbia Threadneedle, which was an important step as we move forward. I'll close Asset Management, with the financials. Our margin was 38.5% and that incorporated the BMO business, which has lower margins based on their mix. Given market decline and impact on revenue, we're taking steps to continue to control discretionary expenses thoughtfully. We'll be paying close attention to market environment, as we move forward. So overall, Ameriprise remains in a strong position. We have a proven track record of navigating tougher times and will continue to do so. We're highly engaged with our clients and helping them stay on track. And from a financial perspective, rising interest rates will act as an offset to compressed markets, as we move through the balance of the year. We will be focused on managing our discretionary expenses, even more tightly as we move forward. Importantly, our balance sheet fundamentals remain very good. We continue to generate strong returns and substantial free cash flow, which provides flexibility. In the quarter, we returned $600 million to shareholders and are on track to return 90% of operating earnings to shareholders in 2022. With that, I'll turn it over to Walter, to provide his perspective in more detail on the quarter and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you. As Jim said, results in the quarter were strong with earnings up 4%, to $665 million and EPS up 10% to $5.81, in face of substantial market declines. This demonstrates the underlying strength of our business model, and highlights the diversification benefit each segment provides across market cycles, as well as initial interest rate benefits and overall expense discipline throughout the firm. As we move into the second half of the year, benefits from rising rates and higher cash balances are expected to offset the realized pressures, from the market volatility. Our high-quality, diversified investment portfolio and head count continue to support strong balance sheet fundamentals and our business is generating good free cash flow. Despite the elevated level of market volatility in the quarter, Ameriprise returned $600 million of capital to shareholders and maintained significant excess capital of $1.6 billion. We are on track to return approximately 90% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders this year. Let's turn to Slide 6. We ended the quarter with assets under management and administration of $1.2 trillion, down 3%, reflecting equity and bond market depreciation and as well as foreign exchange. We are executing our growth strategies, including the integration of the BMO business. The BMO business contributed to our geographic diversification, with international assets now representing 36% of asset management AUM, up from 27% prior to the BMO acquisition. And we continue to benefit from strong underlying organic growth momentum with $69 billion of wealth and asset management flows, over the last 12 months. Total flows in the quarter were $6 billion, with $9 billion of inflows in Wealth Management offset by $3 billion of outflows in asset management. Let's turn to individual segment performance, beginning with Wealth Management on Slide 7. Wealth Management client assets declined 9% to $735 billion. Despite the exceptional market depreciation in the quarter with equities down 15%, and bonds down 10%, we generated strong client flows from new client acquisition, excellent experienced adviser recruiting and deeper client relationships. Our advisers had strong productivity growth, with revenue per adviser reaching $814,000 in the quarter up 11% from the prior year. On Slide 8, you can see Wealth Management profitability benefited, from organic growth and the initial rise in interest rates. Adjusted net operating revenues increased 4% or $76 million to $2.1 billion, as market depreciation and lower transactional activity during the quarter was more than offset by rising interest rates and client flows. Cash balances increased to $47 billion, up 21% from last year. At the same time, the gross fee yield doubled, versus last year driving higher interest earnings in the quarter. Expenses remain well managed. G&A expenses increased $15 million or 4%, primarily from higher volume-based expenses over the past year. Overall, Wealth Management profitability remained strong with pretax adjusted operating earnings of $492 million, up 16% from last year and our pretax operating margin reached 23.9%, up 250 basis points. As you can see on Slide 9, we are well positioned to realize significant incremental benefits from rising rates on our cash products this year and going forward. In the quarter, we transferred $2.3 billion of brokerage sweep balances on to the bank's balance sheet in two and three-year duration strategies, with yields above 4% on average. In July, yields on new money purchases at the bank increased further and are in the 4.5% range. We continue to feel good about the credit quality of the portfolio with most of the portfolio in the AAA rated structured assets. We plan to bring an additional $3 billion of assets on to the balance sheet during the third quarter, bringing the full year increase to $7 billion. Our model leverages both broker-dealer suite program and the bank to optimize earnings from cash products. Currently, we have about one-third of the client cash balances at the bank and we expect it to be nearly 40% by the end of the year. In addition, our certificate business is another area that benefits from rising interest rates. In total, we expect to generate substantially more interest-related revenue in 2022 relative to 2021, which would offset current market-related impacts. Based upon our current assumptions, the interest rate benefit will increase further in 2023. Let's turn to Asset Management on Slide 10, where performance was in line with the macro environment. Total assets under management increased 1% to $598 billion. As the acquisition of BMO business was largely offset by market depreciation and foreign exchange translation. Asset Management flows were negative in the quarter with continued strength in our global institutional business offsetting a meaningful portion of retail outflows. Like the industry, we continue to experience pressures from global market volatility, a risk off investor sentiment and geopolitical strain in EMEA. Margin in the quarter declined to 38.5%. It should be noted that BMO reduces our margins by approximately 400 basis points. Going forward, our new margin toggle will be in the 31% to 35% range, reflecting the addition of BMO, which is primarily an institutional business. On slide 11, you can see Asset Management financial results were a reflection of the challenging market backdrop. Adjusted operating revenues were essentially flat at $881 million as the addition of BMO offset the impact of double-digit market depreciation, foreign exchange rates and outflows. Likewise, earnings in the quarter declined $31 million. Importantly, we are managing the areas we can control. The underlying fee rate remained stable in the quarter at 48 basis points. Expenses remain well managed with G&A expenses down 6%, excluding BMO. We are currently in the process of evaluating all discretionary spend and high rate. We remain committed to managing expenses very tightly in the current revenue environment. Let's turn to slide 12. The Retirement & Protection Solutions continued to deliver stable earnings and free cash flow generation as a result of its differentiated risk profile. Pretax adjusted operating earnings were $179 million. Sales in the quarter declined as a result of market dislocation and management actions to reduce the risk profile of the business. Most notably, variable new sales declined 29%, reflecting the uncertain market environment, as well as our decision to exit manufacturing products with limiting benefit riders, which was completed in June. Account value with living benefit riders represent less than 60% of the overall book, down nearly 3 percentage points from last year. Our risk profile remains strong with 94% VA hedge effectiveness in the quarter and an estimated RBC ratio of 530%. Now let's move to the balance sheet on slide 13. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong and our diversified high-quality AA rated investment portfolio remains well positioned. These strong fundamentals allow us to deliver a consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders, even during periods of market volatility that we experienced this quarter. During the quarter we returned $600 million to shareholders and excess capital is at $1.6 billion. We remain on track to return approximately 90% of the adjusted operating earnings to shareholders in 2022. With that, we'll take your question.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I love to start with the bank and the yield. Provided some great color on plans to continue to shift balances, saw really attractive balances. I believe, Walter that you indicated that assets moved to the bank in the second quarter late in the quarter. So considering that and considering where reinvestments are, how should we be calibrating for the potential yield upside, not only from averaging in the late shift in the quarter, but then further deployments of the $3 billion that you're considering in the third quarter? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Okay. So if I understand the question, we weren't really shifting in the $3 billion. We believe it will be in the early part of the quarter that we will do that. Obviously, we will continue to invest in our structured AAA investments and which currently are yielding in the 4.5% range. And so that will make a total of about $7 billion of new funds into the bank and deployed in, like I said, in the second quarter it's 4.2% and now at current rates it's 4.5%.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, great. Thank you. And then, when we're thinking about NII continuing to grow, saw really strong margin trends here this quarter -- pre-tax margin trends in AWM, despite the challenging environment. So NII clearly helpful there. As that continues to grow, you continue to deploy more cash. Should we be continuing to pace margin expansion at a similar level that we saw here in the second quarter, even if markets remain challenging?
Walter Berman: Again, a lot of assumptions in there, but from the standpoint of looking at the opportunity we have on the care side and certainly, the strong close that we are garnering in this environment, you should be able to see margin maintain and expand.
Brennan Hawken: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Recruiting was very solid. You given a 10,200 plus advisers. It was up about 1% sequentially. How is the pipeline there? Is this a business that you think is going to continue to grow throughout the year, despite this market turmoil?
Jim Cracchiolo: Andrew, yes, thank you for the question. We continue to see good recruits. I mean, actually second quarter was actually stronger than the first. And the pipeline continues to look good. We are speaking to more people. I think people are recognizing what we bring to the plate, in combination of the support we give, the technology and how we help them really grow their practices. We're getting really strong reviews from people who have joined us. And so, we feel that this is a continued good opportunity for us. And even as you go through these volatile markets, based on the type of support we give and helping advisers to actually achieve more in regard to their productivity and how they manage their businesses, we feel it's a good opportunity for us.
Andrew Kligerman : That's great. And then just on the wrap flows, if you'd asked me three years ago when you were doing $4 billion to $5 billion in net flows and you said you did $6.2 billion like this quarter, I would have thought that was an outstanding result and probably it still is. But recently you had peak numbers around $10 billion. And my question is, is this $6.2 billion a good base now, or do you think that could continue to be pressured even lower just given the market volatility?
Jim Cracchiolo : Well, I think what you're asking, it's also an excellent question. And so yes, our total client activity has increased over the years as you've seen. And even in this last quarter, we brought in almost $9 billion of new client inflows. Now with this market as you would imagine, the deployment of whether it's new money or even current money is a little more -- people are a little more putting on the sidelines and waiting the things are stable. So money is still being deployed, but not to the extent where you have rising markets or the stability in the market. So with the pullback, we experienced, I mean, first part of the year, you're down 20% bond markets were also down. So I think the $6 billion is quite strong in this type of market environment. My feeling is money will continue to go back into the market as things stabilize particularly even in the fixed side of the business. So I don't see anything changing. Now whether you've got some material market dislocation occurring in the third and fourth quarter, I can't tell you. But I think if markets aren't materially different we should still continue to see good flows.
Andrew Kligerman : That's great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning everybody. Thank you for the question. So maybe just to start with some of the cash balances dynamic within Advice & Wealth. Walter, I was wondering if you can give us an update on how the cash balance is holding up so far in the third quarter given obviously pretty strong trends in Q2 with cash balances being up? And as we think about the deposit betas, it looks like you guys passed through almost nothing to the customer in the second quarter. So any updated thoughts around sustainability of sort of a such slow deposit betas as you progress through the rest of the year would be helpful. 
Walter Berman: Hey, Alex. They are holding up. And from that standpoint, so the trend you've seen it is holding. As it relates to the crediting rate for clients, we go through an extensive competitive review. And on that basis we did increase some of the rates as it relates to it based on that review and we will certainly consider continue to evaluate that which we do weekly. So we see that obviously we will start crediting as if the Fed basically increases on the 75 basis points that we anticipate at the end of the month. And so right now we feel there is certainly opportunity as rates increase and to certainly credit and those are in our assumption base.
Alex Blostein: Got it. And I guess as you think about just the trade-off of growing the bank beyond 2022 you gave obviously a very clear guidance of how large you expect the bank to get by the end of 2022. But seeing how the yield on broker suite balances will be fairly attractive given again it's all floating, how are you kind of thinking about balancing growth of the bank versus just leaving it in third-party bank sweep given that spread probably narrows a bit here?
Walter Berman: Yes. Listen it's a good question. But if you go back to the first quarter of 2020, certainly we were earning, certainly a good short-term return and then it disappeared. So the bank gives us the ability to really have a steady earnings stream with high-quality investments. So we are balancing that. And the spreads we're getting right now we feel is very good with the risk profile. So we will continue to do that from that standpoint. We feel it's a critical part of our overall cash strategy. So we're very fortunate to have the bank not only to offer to our clients, new products and capability, but also the -- giving this ability to have the stabilization of having the spread income come through.
Alex Blostein: Great. Just a quick one for me at the end here. As we think about G&A that's held up really nicely in the quarter. Particularly we've seen you guys bring down expenses in G&A in the asset management business. But when you think about the firm-wide G&A run rate for the back half of the year given obviously fee challenges on the back of low markets how are you thinking about the G&A run rate for the back half? I heard your comments qualitatively about pausing maybe some of the initiatives and looking for ways to save. But I guess relative to like the $880-ish million G&A run rate we saw in the second quarter what does the backup look like?
Walter Berman: Number one from a company standpoint certainly we look at it, but we are going to be very well managed on our G&A overall as you indicated certainly asset management Jim indicated certainly they are looking at discretionary spend. So, overall from a company standpoint, we are going to be in the range that we talk about and we're performing well. As it relates to AWM with the good revenue growth we see and everything it's going to be managed, but we are certainly trying to garner and increase basically and take advantage of this situation to invest. So, it's going to be well managed early within expectations to the revenue growth that we see which we think is going to be good.
Alex Blostein: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And we have our next question from Thomas Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Walter just wanted to come back to what -- if you can give some indication of broadly what you're investing in the banking deposits? And I think you mentioned AAA structured assets. Are those CLOs, or what -- can you give a little more color on why you feel confident in the quality on the asset side?
Walter Berman: Okay. It is structured. It's in CMBS, it is basically a retail MBS and the CLOs are the highest structure within that structure and they all are triple rated from that standpoint 88% of what we invest is in those AAA securities -- structured securities. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, that's helpful. Question on your capital. I think excess capital went down by $300 million this quarter. Can you talk a bit about what drove it? I assume it was variable annuity related in your life insurance business maybe a little bit below the surface sort of what happened there with hedging? Was it higher required capital? And what kind of drove that?
Walter Berman: Well, it's -- you saw it dropped $300 million again within our rare expectations it was that tolerance reporting, it was within total tolerances. It hit reserves and basically capital on the VA side as it relates to that 15% drop in the quarter. And so from that standpoint the hedging was effective is 94%. So, we feel very comfortable, but it was a substantial drop and certainly within our expectations from our modeling. So, but it was both on both reserves and on capital. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks. And then final question just can you give an update on how the whole process for a potential risk transfer is going whether -- I think when you started this whole process late in 2021, you had commented that you felt like the quality of your insurance business would be validated as you went through that process. Would you say you still feel that way that if you do something it's going to be reflected in an attractive price, or what have you learned so far through that process maybe?
Walter Berman: So, as again we're continuing to evaluate. We certainly have interest in that and we're evaluating that. And we -- yes to be direct about it, I think it is clear to us that the value and the quality at which we have is being recognized from that standpoint. But as you know these are long tail evaluations and they're continuing.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Suneet Kamath. 
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple for me. Walter I think last quarter you talked about a $200 million benefit from the bank. And I know we talked about a bunch of moving pieces so far on this call, but can you give us a sense at least based on where we sit today kind of how you're feeling about that $200 million number? Did it contemplate future rate hikes and that sort of thing? Just some color there would be helpful.
Walter Berman: Sure. So in there, we're anticipating based on the latest estimates from the Fed, there will be an additional 175 basis point increase and we'll see where that goes. Certainly, from that, all we also – the crediting rates, we are assuming that we would start distributing at a harder level within that. So right now, the number of – versus for the whole year is the change versus last year would be in the $400 million range plus. So that $200 million that we talked about is in the $400 million range plus for the total year.
Suneet Kamath: And that's for 2022? So as we think about 2023.
Walter Berman: First 2021, yes.
Suneet Kamath: Yeah. Okay. All right. That's good. And then, I guess sort of a specific one, but I noticed that your long-term care reserves came down I think about 11% -- 10%, 11% from last year. Is that just the benefit of higher rate? Can you talk about that a little bit? And then to follow-up on Tom's risk transfer question any more activity in terms of long-term care that you're hearing in the market?
Walter Berman: Okay. On the reserves, I believe, it is but we'll get back and confirm that as it relates to -- we're evaluating. Let me just say, what we continue to evaluate close spectrum. All right?
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then just last one is just on the Asset Management margin, the new target of 31% to 35%. Is that entirely BMO-driven, or does that also – is there also a piece related to the pretty significant market decline that we've seen here in the second quarter? And then at some point, do you start to push back towards your prior range, or is it just kind of the new level for that business? Thanks.
Walter Berman: The 400 basis points is strictly BMO. That's a normalization on the BMO from – so the 35% to 39% is like I said going down 400 basis points strictly because in BMO it does not – and obviously, we're coming down because of the market standpoint. And – but because we're in the 40s and now it's dropping, because of the deleveraging is taking place, because of the equity markets and fixed income and we'll continue that's it. Hopefully I answered it.
Suneet Kamath: Yeah, I got it. It sounds like that's the new level with the business. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning. So just one follow-up for me relating to that prior question on the asset management margin outlook. I just wanted to make sure Walter it does sound like that is the new run rate. But does that 31% to 35% contemplate some of the actions you alluded to around discretionary spend? And also wanted to see, whether that also incorporated some of the BMO expense synergies that are not yet reflected in the run rate?
Walter Berman: So when that's – it is now normalized okay because we always said we would be 34% up and 39%. And it is our target range. So as the markets, if we look at the markets and we evaluate the implications, we are going to be looking at the expenses. And it does have the some of the synergies that we anticipated with BMO, which was going to be more back loaded to 2023.
Steven Chubak: Understood. And maybe just one quick follow-up, can you just speak to how the flow trends are tracking in July just so we can think about some of the cadence of flows versus 2Q recognizing the industry is still facing some headwinds just from a flow perspective.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, this is Jim. What I would expect is more of a continuation at this point. I think from a retail perspective, I think things are still on the asset management side soft. I think you'll see that across the industry. If you look at the new Sims that are coming out, or will come out. I think on institutional it's just longer for mandates et cetera. But – so I don't see a dramatic change at this point. Now, we'll see what the Fed does, and we'll see what the outlook is for various things as we go forward. But that's what I would probably say.
Steven Chubak: Very helpful. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. With that new guidance around margins in the Asset Management segment can you maybe talk about the level of composition of variable expenses maybe across the franchise in your businesses? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Again, looking at our expense base there's a reasonable portion that's variable. But again, the exact proportion, it gives us the ability to certainly adjust. The exact percentages – kindly, I would have to get back on that. But we do have -- because there is investment spending that we do, and certainly, we have evaluation of hiring and other things on open positions. So, there's a reasonable amount of variable in there, but I don't have the exact percentages at mind, pardon me right now.
John Barnidge: And then maybe my follow-up question. Is there a way to size the liability-driven investing opportunity that seems like it's been a strong area for institutional?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, with the BMO acquisition, et cetera, they have very good capabilities, and now we are looking at those opportunities across the franchise with our expanded level of institutional business. And so, we feel it will be a good channel as well as a relationship builder channel for us.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. Can you talk about the level of foreign exchange sensitivity in the asset management business post the BMO acquisition? And I guess, there's clearly impact on revenues and AUM, but how much of an offset? Is there in expenses? And how should we think about the kind of net earnings impact?
Walter Berman: Yes. So, with BMO, obviously, we shifted from 27% to 36%. And that is sensitive to. So approximately in the PTI elements of it, it was about a $15 million impact to us.
Erik Bass: $15 million in the quarter?
Walter Berman: Yes. That's net. Yes, on PTI.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And then, I mean you highlighted the $1.6 billion of excess capital that you have. And in past periods of market weakness, you've sometimes increased the level of capital return above the 90% target of earnings and leaned into buybacks a bit more. Is that something that you would consider given the pullback in your stock year-to-date?
Walter Berman: Well, from -- if I understand your question, certainly the $1.6 billion we feel comfortable at the continued as we indicated hitting our trend line for the 90% for the year. And obviously, as you look at the back half of the year, we'll be able to, certainly, with that 90% hitting buyback, a lot more share where the share price was last year versus is right now. Hopefully, it will get back to where it is. But where it is right now, will give us the ability at that level to buy back more shares.
Erik Bass: Got it. But you're not thinking of changing the percentage?
Walter Berman: No. At this stage, we evaluate each quarter, but the answer is -- and we'll be opportunistic as we assess it, but we're still talking in 90%.
Jim Cracchiolo: Remember, I think it's actually pretty good. A lot of companies are pulling back on their buybacks if they were doing them, and we're doing them at a still a very strong rate.
Erik Bass: Yes. No, very fair. And obviously, with the price lower, you're buying more shares. So, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kenneth Lee.
Kenneth Lee: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just one on the Asset Management side, again. Curious as to what you're seeing in terms of net flows within the fixed income category, just given the industry trends we're seeing. Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, what we saw in our business is our net flows were a little -- on a percentage basis, a little worse than where we saw on our equity side. And that's mainly because of the mix of business that we have. So, some of the players that might have had larger areas of short duration, et cetera. We have a short duration business, but it's not necessarily one that we're across all our channels in. And so, people who had that business or a little more of the inflow in there than we did, because we really were in mortgages and total bond and things such as that a little longer duration products. And then, the other area that I think probably had some greater flows was more on the leveraged loan area, which is only a small business for us. So, I think it had to do more with mix than anything else. But because of being in the type that we were in with the dislocation in the fixed income market as you would imagine redemptions would be up a little more and flows were down. Municipals, was another area that we had a bit of that weakness and based on the market situation. But we believe that the areas that we do have now, based on the credit quality, et cetera, will come back. We think as interest rates stabilize a little more or that as you see on the long end, it's starting to soften up a little bit.
Kenneth Lee: Great. Very helpful there. And just one related question as my follow-up. More broadly speaking within the Asset Management side, how do you think about the overall product offerings mix the strategies out there? Any particular gaps that you would like to fill at this point? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So what we have now we have a good mix with the BMO acquisition. So we're putting more energy and time on the ESG or the RI part responsible investing. We're doing more on things like LDI and solutions. We're doing more on alternatives. We're trying to build out a little more on our retail, real estate and property businesses institutional as well. And so there are certain things like that that we're focused on for what we have in place. So we feel good about the mix that we have. Again, we're in a little bit of this -- I think you look across the asset management industry. I'm not sure you'll see a lot of favorability at this point across, but I think we're in good shape. We have good businesses. We can manage our expenses. We're still investing appropriately to get some greater scale efficiencies and the integration with BMO. So again, we're in a little bit of a dislocation market. But I think -- and that's really one of the benefits of the firm like Ameriprise. We're very balanced, even where I know on one end someone says risk transfer, but we generate some really good solid earnings and cash flow from our I&A business activities, our AWM now with the growth of the bank in complement, it gives us a good now offset. So I think over time, again you'll see the strength of how the company really plays out and how we can use this opportunity to really leverage against whether it's having to do with shareholder return or even flexibility.
Kenneth Lee: Great. Very helpful there. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hey. Thanks, good morning. Just a follow-up on the $400 million of upside from interest rates in full year 2022. Just given that probably a fair amount of that is coming in the back half of the year, are you able to comment on how we should -- how that might look in 2023 as well?
Jim Cracchiolo: It should look pretty good.
Walter Berman: Okay. Yeah, obviously -- it's Walter. You're going to get the normalization. If the Fed increases come in, which is 175 coming in the back end and getting the normalization on calendarization is going to take place there. It is dependent of course, again what happens to the cash balances and the crediting rate. So there's a lot of variables. But as Jim said, you're going to get an increase. And certainly, we anticipate there will be an increase based on our modeling. So in -- again, from our standpoint, it is going to be substantial.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then just on the asset management margin target. You were still a fair amount above that new target in the second quarter. Is this -- should we just think about this as a longer-term target, or in the current environment, would you anticipate being down to within that new target in the near term?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think what you have to sort of factor in. And again, it depends on what happens with markets, right? You had a bit more of a dislocation of the markets in the second quarter. And so, as you look at that probably compared to where the averages are between the first and the second quarter going into the third, you will continue to have a little bit more of that margin compression as is depreciation on the asset base, if you roll it over. But having said that, I would say that we still feel good about being within those margins after you take that into account. So remember, markets depreciated and it's not just equity markets, the fixed income market, which is not normal in the sense where you get both of them depreciating at the same time.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Q1 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Sylvia and I will be your operator for today's call. At this, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, Sylvia and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on slide two, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of todays date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our first quarter 2022 earnings release, our 2021 Annual Report to shareholders and our 2021 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On slide three, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. Below that, you'll see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thanks for joining our first quarter call. I'll begin by sharing that Ameriprise delivered another good quarter and a solid start to the year. As you've seen, the economic environment remains strong, but the global equity markets are more volatile, both given the impacts of the Russian invasion Ukraine and the higher inflation that we're experiencing here in the United States, as well as globally. In fact, the Bloomberg US aggregate experienced its largest single quarterly loss in over 40 years. In this climate, the Fed has finally begun to raise short-term rates, which is appropriate. They've been slow to take action and signaling that they'll have to get more aggressive. Before I discuss the quarter, I'd like to acknowledge the horrific situation in Ukraine. Ameriprise vehemently condense the atrocities being committed by Russia and our thoughts are with the Ukrainian people and all who have been affected. Our focus has been on supporting humanitarian relief. I should note, we don't have staff or conduct business in Ukraine or Russia and our direct exposure is extremely limited. Let's move to the first quarter results. We're in a very good position to kick off the year, and we've been able to execute very well during this volatile time. Client activity remained very strong. We continue to generate good results. We're investing for growth and executing our plans and serving clients really well. And that resulted in good asset growth and strong financial performance. Total assets under management administration were up 17%. Revenues were up double-digits, earnings per share, was up 10% and ROE is terrific at 49.9%. All in, strong results in a challenging market environment. Let me now turn to Advice & Wealth Management. We delivered another strong quarter. With the volatility picking up, it's important for us to be engaged with our clients and advisors. They are leveraging the tools and solutions that we invested in over the last number of years that we told you about. We had strong activity in flows in the quarter and good client acquisition, particularly in our 500,000 plus market. I know that our advisors have been doing a level of reallocation and rebalancing that's appropriate in clients' portfolios. And in fact, we saw good flows coming in and cash balances have picked up, which is appropriate at this point. So let me give you some of the numbers. Total client assets were up 8% to $823 billion. Client inflows were strong, up 12% to $10.4 billion. Wrap net inflows of $8.7 billion was strong in a more volatile environment. And even though they are a bit lower than a year ago, clients are holding more cash. As you would imagine, transactional activity was impacted a bit, but it's only down 6%. As markets stabilize, we expect to see more cash going back to work. High cash balances present a significant revenue opportunity for us as we move through 2022 and beyond. In total, cash balances increased to nearly $46 billion of more than $5 billion from a year ago. And as the Fed continues to raise short-term rates, we expect to see a meaningful lift in earnings. With this backdrop, our advisor productivity growth reached another new high of 18%, which is terrific. With regard to recruiting, we continue to demonstrate the attractiveness of our adviser value proposition with another 80 experienced advisors joining us in the quarter. The pipeline continues to look good. And in our surveys of advisers who have joined us, over nine out of 10 advisers have said they have better technology, financial planning capabilities and ability to acquire clients more easily than they did at their prior firms. One of the things I'm proud of is how we consistently work with our clients and our strong client satisfaction. It's great to see that Newsweek has named us one of America's most trusted companies. That complements our investors' business daily number one trusted Wealth Management ranking. And earlier this year, we launched a new ad campaign, Advice Worth Talking About. That's telling our story even more broadly in the marketplace. We showcased that nine out of 10 of our clients are likely to recommend Ameriprise to their family or friends.  And a few weeks ago, we released our money and family research on generational wealth that underscores the significant need for holistic advice in the marketplace, which plays to our strength. Turning to the bank, total assets grew to $14.2 billion in the quarter, up more than $5 billion from a year ago. We continue to have good demand for our pledge loans with balances increasing nicely in the quarter. The bank presents a significant opportunity as a long-term growth driver within Wealth Management and provides additional flexibility in this rising rate environment. To wrap up, Advice & Wealth Management, our financials are good. Pre-tax income was up 13%, and we generated a strong margin above 21%, up 80 basis points. Let's turn to Asset Management now. We, like others, have experienced the market volatility and the risk of headwinds given the geopolitical environment. It has affected us and the industry largely in retail. But overall, based on the strong progress we've been making over the last number of quarters, we saw good growth in assets up 24%. Our long-term investment performance continues to show good consistency with our three, five and 10 year time periods, and over 80% of our funds were above medium on an asset-weighted basis. Our one year performance did slip a bit based on the volatility out there and the rotation from growth to value given our quality growth positioning in certain equity funds, especially in Europe. But our investment teams feel good about their positioning as they manage through a tough market environment. Let's turn to flows, where we were out about $700 million in the first quarter, reflecting the pressure you've seen in the industry. In retail, we were at $1.9 billion. In terms of US retail, our gross sales slowed and we saw a pickup in redemptions similar to the industry. Our flow rate was slightly better in terms of active peers in equities and slightly worse in fixed income. We haven't really played in a large way in the short duration market or the leveraged loan area. However, we benefited from the remaining piece of the US asset transfer that was part of our BMO transaction and which is largely included in our retail numbers this quarter. In EMEA, retail net outflows improved a bit in the UK. However, they worsened in Continental Europe given the risk-off environment. Gross flows have certainly slowed for the industry and we're seeing similar pressure. Yes, retail flows are a bit challenged, but we have a strong line up of funds and good engagement with distribution partners, advisers and gatekeepers. When the market starts to stabilize, we'll be in a good position. Turning to global institutional, excluding legacy insurance partners, net inflows were $1.9 billion as investors look through the current volatility. We had some good wins but there were some asset allocation calls as you expect, and we experienced some redemptions. We've added to a number of our rated strategies and similar to retail, we're having good engagement with clients and prospects globally. Our investment performance is key to this and it's being recognized. We did well in recent Barron's rankings, and five Columbus strategies earned 2022 US Refinitiv Lipper Fund Awards with four as repeat winners. With regard to BMO EMEA integration, we're on track. The combined senior management team is in place and we announced that we will rebrand the BMO Global Asset Management EMEA business to Columbia Threadneedle Investments in July. So, for Asset Management, we're focused on our clients, executing our plans and generating good financials and returns for Ameriprise. Pre-tax operating earnings were up 25% and margins were above 40%, and that's with the full quarter of BMO in the numbers. Moving to Retirement & Protection Solutions, we're seeing good results. I'll start with variable annuities. I want to mention again that we discontinued products with living benefit riders at year end. We had some sales in the pipeline that came in, in January, but that tapered off as we moved through the quarter. Given the environment, we had good sales in our RAVA product without living benefits as well as our structured products. Overall, our sales were down 27%, but that should be expected given the volatility and a move away from living benefit guarantees. In protection, we continue to have strong sales in the quarter coming off a positive year. We're seeing good activity. Our life sales were up 22%. We've been focused on our VUL and DI products, which are good margin and return businesses for us and appropriate for clients in this environment. In terms of earnings, we are 4% in line with our expectations. Financial results and free cash flow were good, particularly given the volatility and our move away from living benefits. So overall, for Ameriprise, in terms of our capital positioning, we feel really good about continuing to give back to shareholders at an attracted rate. We returned $562 million in the quarter, which is substantial. And with that, we raised our dividend up 11%, our 18th increase since becoming a public company in 2005. So overall, as I began our conversation, I think Ameriprise delivered another good quarter. Even with this changing landscape, I think, was situated very well. Our advice value proposition and high quality solutions are necessary and key in this environment. And with that, we feel very well positioned to satisfy our client objectives. In looking over the past cycles, we have consistently performed well, especially during volatile periods. I'm confident that this will continue based on our strategic investments, our focus on execution and serving clients holistically in our balance sheet strength. Now, Walter will review the numbers in more detail, and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered strong financial results across the firm with adjusted operating EPS up 10% to $5.98. Despite significant market uncertainty in the quarter, our core Wealth and Asset Management businesses delivered strong profitable growth representing nearly 80% of Ameriprise's earnings in the quarter. In the quarter, these businesses demonstrated the strength of the underlying business model and ongoing execution of our growth strategies. And our Retirement & Protection Solutions business continues to perform well with a differentiated risk profile. Our balance sheet fundamentals are excellent with significant excess capital of $1.9 billion. This allows Ameriprise to consistently return substantial capital to shareholders as we plan to return approximately 90% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders in 2022. Let's turn to slide six, where you can see that we continue to generate strong growth in both earnings and profitability and our growth businesses of Wealth and Asset Management. Revenues in these businesses grew 13% to $3.1 billion with pre-tax operating earnings of $725 million, up 18%. This drove a blended margin of 26.6%, up 80 basis points from a year ago. Let's turn to the individual segment performance beginning with Wealth Management on slide seven. These strategies we have in place to support advisers and improve their productivity, using best-in-class tools and technology continue to generate strong organic results. Despite the challenging macro environment, we generated very strong client flows of $10.4 billion in the quarter. Client assets grew 8% to $823 billion and our advisor force, continue to deliver exceptional productivity growth with revenue per advisor reaching $810,000 in the quarter, up 18% from the prior year. On slide eight, you can see that our business fundamentals are fueling continued strong financial results and wealth management. Adjusted operating net revenues grew 9% to $2 billion from robust client flows, which were supplemented by year-over-year market growth. However, transactional activity declined a bit given the uncertain market environment in the quarter. In the face of volatile markets, we saw cash balances increased to nearly $46 billion, which is counter to the typical seasonal pattern where cash balances generally dip in the first quarter. High cash balances should provide a substantial and immediate benefit based upon the Fed's anticipated increase in short rates for the remainder of 2022. Based upon the market's expectation of 350 basis point increase, followed by 225 basis point increases in the balance of the year, we would expect an additional benefit to pretax earnings exceeding $200 million in 2022. But that is subject to change if the Fed takes different actions. This would help offset the impact if markets pull back per this year. In addition, this provides flexibility for us to optimize the benefit from rising rates across off-balance sheet brokerage cash, the bank and certificates. It will enable us to invest across duration where we see attractive opportunities and capital is not a constraining factor for us. In the first quarter, we brought $1.8 billion of brokerage suite balances onto the bank balance sheet that we put to work in three and four year duration strategies earning nearly 3%. In April, rate opportunities increased to the mid to high 3% range. Expenses remain well managed. G&A expense increased 5% from higher volume-based expenses and business growth over the past year. As we move through 2022, we will continue to manage expenses in light of the revenue environment. While equity markets remain volatile, at this point, we expect a significant tailwind from rising rates to offset market related revenue pressure. Overall, Wealth Management profitability remained strong with pre-tax adjusted operating earnings of $440 million, up 13% from last year. Pre-tax operating margin expanded 80 basis points to 21.5%. Let's turn to Asset Management on slide nine, where we maintained strong profitability despite market conditions. Total assets under management increased 24% to $699 billion, reflecting net inflows and the acquisition of BMO EMEA. In the quarter, Asset Management net outflows were $0.7 billion, including $0.7 billion of outflows from legacy insurance partners. Underlying flows were flat as continued strength in institutional offset retail outflows as we, like the industry, saw pressures from global market volatility, a risk-off investor sentiment and geopolitical stream in EMEA. Margins in the quarter were strong at 41.5% and in line with what we indicated in the fourth quarter given the full quarter BMO impacts in our results. On slide 10, you see Asset Management continued to deliver strong financial performance. Adjusted operating revenues increased 23% to $1 billion, reflecting the cumulative benefit of net inflows and business growth, strong performance fees and market appreciation. The fee rate in the quarter was 47 basis points, excluding performance fees. This is consistent with guidance provided in the fourth quarter regarding the addition of BMO assets, which are largely institutional. Expenses remain well managed and in line with expectations given the revenue growth. G&A expenses were up 38% as a result of two items, the BMO acquisition and higher performance compensation. Pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were $285 million, up 25%, demonstrating the underlying strength of our business growth and performance fees. Let's turn to slide 11. Retirement & Protection Solutions include blocks of business with a differentiated risk profile. The business performed well with pre-tax adjusted operating earnings of $191 million, up slightly from a year ago, given market appreciation and lower distribution expense from lower sales. Our focus remains optimizing our risk profile and shifting our business mix to lower risk offerings. Variable universal life product sales increased over 40%, which now represent a third a third of total insurance imports. Variable annuity sales declined 27%, reflecting the uncertain market environment as well as our decision to exit manufacturing products with living benefit riders. Account value of living benefit riders represent only 60% of the overall book, down another 280 basis points from last year. This mix in sales and account values for both Retirement & Protection products is expected to continue. Now let's move to the balance sheet on slide 12. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain excellent. We had holding company available liquidity of $1.6 billion and excess capital of $1.9 billion at the end of the quarter. A diversified high quality AA rated investment portfolio remains well positioned and our VA hedge effectiveness was 94% in the quarter. These strong fundamentals allow us to deliver consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders. Yesterday, we announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend. And as I mentioned, we remain on track to return approximately 90% of the adjusted operating earnings to shareholders in 2022. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And we have our first question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Walter, you indicated $200 million pre-tax earnings benefit from higher rates in Wealth Management. Is that your expectation versus the 1Q run rate or would that be versus where I think were on the January call when the forward curve was less hawkish? And that’s 2022 impact, right, so given the timing of the hikes, we would see greater impact in 2023, is that fair?
Walter Berman: Yeah. It really is more an indication of what the Fed has recently announced as it relates to the short end with the 350 increases they talked about in the 225 and seeing the benefit in this year. And you're right. You would then get the calendarization full impact as you get into 2020. We also benefited as we're seeing it now because in the quarter, we see substantial increase in the spreads for the long end. So, we will pick that up as we start shifting money from or balance sheet to on balance sheet. So I think it's going to be a combination of both will allow us to garner that additional profitability. But again, these are estimates based on a lot of variables.
Brennan Hawken: Sure. Thanks for that. And then, my second question quite on new product for you and might be on a different trajectory. But there is been some concerns about across the industry, what rising rates might do for demand for those products. So, what are you hearing from your advisors as short term rates are likely to rise? And how are those efforts to educate your advisors on the merits of the offering going?
Walter Berman: Yeah. So far, we're seeing a continued demand for our pledge activity, margin activity, so we have not seen any negative impact. And certainly, we continue - our advisors are very knowledgeable about the trade-off of the BM total average and used that capability to investment in the market. But so far, we have not seen. We've seen good growth coming in from pledge and from margin.
Brennan Hawken: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. Given the weaker market performance year-to-date and the turn in asset flows, do you believe sustaining an asset management margin in the low 40% range is still achievable?
Walter Berman: Well, obviously, it will - our range is, as we always talked about 35% to 39%, and we said we were getting the benefit of the higher market appreciation. So you would imagine if the markets where you trade continue to go down, it will go down. Again, we have ways to go to still stay within our ranges that we talked about.
Erik Bass: Got it. And I think you noted in the slides that the BMO acquisition is performing above expectations. Can you just provide some more color on this? Where has the performance been better? And has anything changed in terms of your expectations around earnings accretion?
Walter Berman: Okay. So it's on multiple fronts. Obviously, they have garnered some very good inflows in this environment. As we talked about, we've had institutional inflows coming in, that would have been very good in LDI and other areas, and we've also had the US transfer came in. So those have been very good. The profitability has been totally on target actually a little better that we want our certain. And as we look at the elements of the performance fees that came in, and that was certainly strong profitability coming up private equity and property. So, it is performing well. And then as we're looking through integration, we have our plans set, and we're moving through that and certainly moving through our strategy to get our synergies. So we're feeling very comfortable about the acquisition at this stage.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And was this the last quarter, you'd expect the US transfers to come in? Or are there any more that we should expect going forward?
Walter Berman: This is basically it. We believe.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning. So, I wanted to start off with a question just on the recruiting outlook. Some of your peers had indicated earlier in the quarter pretty dramatically given some of the elevated volatility, particularly in January, February. But the 5% organic growth, the net advisor adds you delivered in the quarter, admittedly be more resilient than we were anticipating. I was hoping you could just speak to some of the factors that drove more resilient organic growth trends over the course of the quarter? And maybe just your - on a longer term basis, you're confident in sustaining 5% plus organic growth, given some of the strong recruitment trends that we saw.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So I think you had sort of two parts in that. One is around the recruiting and then around, I guess, the organic growth just from flows. So yeah, at the beginning of the quarter, it was always a little to start off the year based on what we've seen as some of the volatility that occurred in January. And then we were able to really pick that up as we got through the quarter, and we had 80 good quality people come join us. Our pipeline still looks pretty good as we continue to move forward. I mean there's been a greater level of volatility as you saw in the month of April. But I think that we're having good conversations with people. They understand the value of what we can provide them and the type of support that we provide for people who have joined us. Regarding the organic flow activity, in general, as you would imagine, when you have a pickup of volatility, and you got a little more unknown, you have a little bit holding on cash, not going necessarily to work or the idea that people want to put a lot more money in the market if it's going to sort of fall the next day. But our overall client activity has held up, the engagement is good. I just think the volatility will always cause a little bit of a slowing in how people are thinking about it. I'm not sure how you're thinking about it, whether you're putting a lot of money to work right now if you have a little bit more of the unknown. But I do believe that since the engagement is strong, the conversations are good and the client relationships are good, and we're actually gaining more client relationships that those flows will be there over time, whether there's a little slowdown because of this period of the unknown is the usual occurrence. So we feel good. Our assets stay with us. I think people are seeking the advice that we provide. And it's just more of what happens in a particular month or quarter or week. But I think you see that, that that we can sustain.
Steven Chubak: That's great color. And just for my follow-up on the brokerage cash we extend to the bank. Was hoping you could just help frame what level of we should modeling over the course of the year as you continue to scale the bank, given that high 3% reinvestment yield assumption you had alluded to earlier. And as we think about just the pace of Fed tightening, what expectation should we be underwriting just for both deposit betas and cash sorting or yield-seeking behavior as we get deeper into the tightening cycle based on your historical experience?
Walter Berman: All right. So from a bank standpoint, we've already moved from our balance sheet on balance sheet, about $1.8 billion. We are evaluating. We have the -- a range or you can get into $4 billion to $5 billion that we think would be applicable here that we would start evaluating that trade because the giving us that opportunity to balance - to pickup our yield from that standpoint. And so that is something that you should expect that we will be targeting to do in 2022. As you indicated, the yields are up and certainly those yields have low risk profiles as we've continued to manage that. So it would give us a good balance between the increase in short-term and picking up the spread with low-risk and low duration because we will stay in the 2.5% to 3.5% range on the duration. And that's the sweet spot that's working out very well for us.
Steven Chubak: And with regards to this data and yield-seeking behavior or with the expectation for the level of cash balances as we get deeper into the tightening cycle.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. If you're looking from our standpoint with the off-balance sheet cash and the stability of that, it is quite good. It is, again, it's more working capital and certainly, it's built up over the years, but this is something we feel very comfortable with the amount that I mentioned that we can shift that gives us more than enough liquidity about to manage that.
Steven Chubak: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Just following up on that bank question, Walter, you just mentioned a $4 billion to $5 billion trade-off, and as I'm looking at these bank assets or deposits going from $8 billion last year to $13.2 billion this year. And as you mentioned, it's up just $1.8 billion in the quarter alone. And you said $4 billion to $5 billion trade-off. Are you indicating that there's a good possibility over the course of the year, you could add another $4 billion to $5 billion?
Walter Berman: Yeah. So, if you're - I'll take your number, $13 billion, they had $4 billion to $5 billion, you can go to the upper range of $18 billion.
Andrew Kligerman: That's great. And in terms of recruiting, you were touching on that a bit earlier too, Jim. And it is a tight labor market. So could you touch on what you're seeing in terms of bringing in new advisors de novo? Is that a big initiative at this stage in the game? And just given this environment, is there comfort in gaining advisors from other firms?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So we have continued to recruit in office advisors as well as assistance and even our franchisee channel and help develop them as part of the franchisee systems as well and as we do with the employee side, and we will continue that. We haven't made that an extended large part of our activities, but it's a nice complement to our activities. And we're seeing some good people join us that way. And on the experience side, we continue to, I think, have a very strong value proposition. As I mentioned in more of my opening remarks, we've gone out to the advisors who've joined us, and they are highly satisfied in what we've been able to provide much better than what they got at their previous firms, either wire houses or independents. And so that story we're telling that in the marketplace. We're not just -- it's not just about what the payment is. It's about what someone can establish themselves here and actually grow and have a very strong productive practice with a quality type of profile. And so again, we're not looking to just add large numbers. We were rolling up people based on even have low productivity. We're looking for quality people that really want to manage a really good franchise or become a highly productive employee as part of our system with all the support that we can provide them. And so we feel good about that.
Andrew Kligerman: So amidst all this economic noise, you can likely continue to grow that channel?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, yes.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome, thanks.
Operator: Our next question from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. There's been some thought that energy issues in Europe may increase demand and interest in ESG investing. I know BMO had a large ESG product portfolio. Can you maybe talk about how demand for that product has been versus others broadly and maybe specifically in Europe? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So part of the BMO acquisition was actually heading to our capabilities in responsible investing. And their portfolios are doing well. They are garnering good flows there where it's been a little softer in other areas in Europe. And very clearly, it's one of the areas that we're working on to leverage more holistically across our international franchise, but even so in the United States. And so, we feel good that that's part of what we confer the leverage in the environment that we're continuing to move into as demand also picks up in that area. I think energy is one part of that, but there is - the easiest the S & G part of it, and that's an important part of overall responsible investing.
John Barnidge: Okay, great. And then my follow-up question. Given the market volatility, can you maybe talk about asset management time line for unfunded to funded, how that's fitting versus maybe three to six months ago? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So on the institutional side of the business, as you would imagine, there is always a little bit of a trying to recognize what's happening in the market and how funds need to be reallocated or even where you have won something. It sometimes takes a little longer just based on the market conditions to fund. I haven't necessarily seen a further extension in that regard. Things have been funding. I wouldn't say they are - they quickened at all, but I wouldn't say they've extended themselves. I think there's always certain portfolios as you have a backup in the fixed income market or you have some reallocation in some parts of the equity segments. But I think it's been running consistently for where it was over the last 6 months. 
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. The drop in insurance and annuity distribution fees, it sounds like some level of that is going to be sustained at a lower level, given you're exiting the guaranteed VA product sales. Any color you can give there on what percentage of the move there of the downward move you think might remain depressed versus potentially getting some recovery on the other pieces?
Jim Cracchiolo: I can't really give you a percentage, but certainly exiting the living benefits, we'll certainly eliminate that aspect of, but we are seeing strength in the SDA product. So I can't really give you the exact proportionality on them, Tom.
Walter Berman: Yeah. And Tom, I think in the first quarter, I think you'll see across the industry a bit more slowing in annuity activity because of the volatility. So part of that is part of it. And then part of it was the guarantees versus the pickup in the non-guarantee activity. But we feel very comfortable with that, and we think it's the right trade-off for us as we continue to move forward. But we also - there will be some expense savings as well from not booking some of the new business. So overall, we feel very good about that move and the total balance of what we think that we can continue to garner there.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. Any color you can give on just overall outlook for flows between institutional and retail on the asset management side, not to overreact, but there was definitely a pretty sharp drop in one-year performance. If you look at the statistics there, which I would imagine probably won't have a big near term impact. But any color between the two pieces of the business in terms of where you think flows are going? Should we expect overall than to remain depressed here for a while?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So the one-year performance, so we know it's more of what had occurred more quickly. It didn't really affect the flow situation in that regard. I think the flows - and you can see it across the industry. You're going to have a little pickup of redemptions as people say, hey, maybe I need to get out. And they particularly if you look at fixed income, there's been a major pull out on some sectors of the fixed income market, including munis, et cetera. You also had a bit slowing of people investing in, let's say, growth stocks at this point in time based upon how they've pulled back. So I think that should be expected. I think as you see more people reporting, you're going to see that. I think you can see that in the SIMS data. What I did say is that our level of flows is consistent with the industry. We were 1% better in equities. We're looking at the US and we're 1% worsed in fixed income. And I mentioned the difference in the segment. So I actually don't think we had a major full up compared to the industry. I think the industry is falling off as well. Now the other point -- and this is active. We're talking about active. Now the other thing I would say is on the performance side, there are three things that occur: number one, in Europe, there isn't a segment that calls growth and value, and they - it's all meshed together. We have a little more of a growth quality bias versus more of a value. And so, when you look at the European and your benchmark, we had a little more underperformance there because we're a little more growth oriented. Our institution and our retail clients understand that a little more. But on the benchmarking, it just shows that your performance goes down. Then in the US, we have one big fund, which is the 50th. It's not way below. It just dropped, and it will go back. It's a few basis points and that's what caused the little of the US in equities. And then in fixed income, you could imagine with the pullback of the bond market. You had a little more dislocation there and a few basis points is what tips the thing. But we feel very good about the quality of those portfolios. And therefore, we feel like that will bounce back as well. So we don't feel like there's a major change. And again, when you look at a quarter within a one year versus three, five and 10 years of having really strong performance, I don't think that has an effect. And I think particularly in institutional clients understand a little more of what's underlying the portfolio, and so I think that is also very important.
Tom Gallagher: That's helpful color, Jim. If I could just slip in one last question. Just on risk transfer, interest rates have gone way up, which presumably would help the pricing on potential risk transfer of life annuity, long-term care. Any update you can give on either the broader potential evaluation of that and also as it relates to interest rates, whether you think that would be a step in the right direction as you think about doing something down the road? And also maybe a little bit on timing, if this is a several quarter out likely development? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So let me take a shot maybe a clearly, the interest rate environment improves as you look at long-term care and other aspects of that. And as it relates to risk transfer, there's clearly, in our opinion, a more active interest in these sort of products, and you're seeing that. So yeah, those two aspects combined to certainly have a higher profile for people looking at books of that nature. These are long, complicated transactions. Again, you've seen it with many of the things that have been now how long they have taken. So I'm going to put a time frame on them. Like I said, we're starting off in a very good position. We have great products, and we just - with people expressing interest, we basically evaluate from that standpoint. So, it's - but the environment is certainly beneficial at this stage.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I was hoping to dig into a little more into the AWM brokerage cash and sort of the dynamics that are likely to see here with higher interest rates. So, the topic of sort of cash sorting and the ability to retain customer cash is definitely top of mind for investors. You guys are kind of bouncing around pretty close to historical lows in terms of percentage of client assets as cash. As you think forward and presumably, there will be some surge for yield as better kind of higher-yielding options become available to investors. How are you thinking about the ability to retain this cash? Is there a way to frame kind of the absolute downside in terms of percentage of client assets that could remain within the AMP channel, whether it's the bank or the broker suite? Just trying to get a sense for kind of holistic cash balances.
Jim Cracchiolo: So Alex, I think what I would say is over years, our total asset levels have gone up. And so to your point, our cash levels have risen in consistency with that. I think what I would say, if I even look at over the course of the year or from the first quarter, et cetera, we're up a few billion dollars as we sort of - usually what you have is a little more of a draw down in the first quarter as more money goes back into work from the end of the year and stuff. And what we've seen is a little more of a pickup. So, I would probably say to the effect if people will put some more money back into the bond market or whatever or keep a little less cash on the hold. But I don’t see it materially going down, because we didn’t really increase it as far as positional cash that much in that sense. I think to your point, it’s maintained as a percentage of total assets. Our advisors have been very good about the rebalancing of portfolios and keeping that money active. But I would say, yeah, it's gone up a few billion dollars from where I would probably normally think it would be at this juncture. But I don't see it falling dramatically from there because to Walter's point, it's positional, it's transactional. It's keeping some emergency cash levels that we think is important from a client perspective to have.
Alex Blostein: Got it. And then in terms of the different buckets, I wish hoping to dig into the banks we've channel a little bit more. You guys have obviously been moving more cash into your own bank as deposits. But you remain a pretty significant player in that market and the bank sweep kind of a broker sweet market. The demand from other banks, it's been pretty weak, obviously, for the last year or plus. Are you starting to see any improvement in sort of brokerage demand from other banks as liquidity potentially becomes diminishes a bit over the next few quarters. Are you starting to see any discussion on pricing? It feels like right now, it's kind of Fed funds flattish, no spread on top of that. Could we start to think some of that pricing dynamic improve over the next year or so?
Walter Berman: It's Walter. I haven't seen much change in the demand characteristics. It's working its way through and we've seen a little basically discussions on price, but not much.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We have our next question from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to start on capital return, you're talking about the 90% of operating earnings. But given the excess capital position remains very strong, it seems like the RBC ratio is quite strong as well, and given the pullback in the stock. Just wondering how you're thinking about buybacks? And could we exceed the 90% as we think about the balance of the year?
Walter Berman: I would say, listen, the 90% is an area of target that we talk about and in each quarter, we evaluate what we would do. But right now, I would say the 90% is a good barometer. We certainly have the capacity, but it is -- I think we are not changing the barometer right now 90% will just evaluate options as we look through.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah, Suneet, I think it's also based on what happens in the environment in the market, but we have flexibility. We've deployed that flexibility at the right times where we feel it made sense. But I think on the other side of to Walter's point, we've given you a little bit of a targeted range that we feel at this juncture up and down will still make sense. But there is opportunity for us to deploy if necessary or we want to, based on opportunities.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then I guess on performance fees, they've been strong, I guess, the past two quarters, and I think you had mentioned some of that is related to BMO, but do you have any kind of line of sight on what you'd expect from performance fees sort of in the balance of the year? Or is this kind of all-in at this point?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think one of the things I would say and Walter could complement. So first of all, we've added the BMO business, which is an institutional business, and it does have with some of its alternatives and real estate, et cetera. So if someone said, well, you have the same performance fees you had two years ago, the answer is no, we should have a larger number of performance fees, maybe not as a percentage of the total asset base. But more in total dollars because there's more product that have performance fees on them. But that's lumpy. And it's also based upon when things get accrued or when it gets liquidated, et cetera. So Walter, I don't...
Walter Berman: No, I think it's exactly the point. We have a solid base where we do generate performance fees. And certainly, it generates earnings. We can't predict what they are certainly as you look at property or you look at private equity. And in these environments, it gets even a little more difficult to do that. But it's a solid, solid business for us. And we just can't give you the predictability of it. But certainly, we're happy we have it.
Suneet Kamath: Yeah. Got it. And then maybe just last one, just on the environment. I think in the past, when we've gone through these periods of market weakness, you guys have pulled the contingency expense lever pretty aggressively. It doesn't sound like you're doing that this cycle. And I'm just curious, is the difference here the upside that you expect from the bank kind of that $200 million that you talked about, is that kind of what keeps you a little bit more comfortable on the expense side versus what you guys have done in the past?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, what I would say, Suneet, is this. One is, yes, there's always the upside you mentioned there. The other thing I would probably say is we have not, if you looked at us even over the last few years when the market has been really good, we have not grown our expense base normally at a much higher rate. I think some other companies have and might have to really deal with that. I think we haven't. I mean, even look at Columbia Threadneedle, outside of the increase in expenses go BMO was added, their expenses were relatively flat in the quarter year-over-year. Same thing, we're up only a few percent in Advice & Wealth with all that growth of that business and the investments we have made. So, I would say that we will turn the spigot so to speak, if we feel like things are weakening. But I would also say that we still have good activity and therefore, we want to make sure we handle that well and support the business well. So, I think you got to - we're looking at what that balance is, but we haven't been overly high on the expense growth. But if we feel like things have really -- well activity has gone down, and yeah, we'll tighten those expenses.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: That was our last question. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sylvia, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, Sylvia, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter 2021 earnings release, our 2020 annual report to shareholders and our 2020 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter. Below that, you'll see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter call. I hope you're all doing well. Ameriprise delivered another strong quarter, completing an exceptional year in 2021. We continue to execute well and produced record results. Importantly, we helped our clients navigate the environment while driving profitable organic growth, advancing key strategic initiatives and reinforcing our strong position in the marketplace. At the same time, Ameriprise continued to generate excellent shareholder returns. In terms of the environment, with the economy continuing its recovery, U.S. equity markets finished the year strong. In Europe, the environment improved but continue to lag the U.S. As we've seen, higher inflation is pressuring the Fed to move on raising short-term rates, causing greater volatility in the equity markets. Let's move to the highlights for the quarter. Total assets under management and administration were up 29% over last year and reached a new high of $1.4 trillion. In the quarter, we added $136 billion from our acquisition of BMO EMEA's asset management business and $40 billion in total client flows, also a new record. Turning to our fourth quarter adjusted operating results. Revenues were $3.7 billion, up 18%, fueled by strong organic growth I've mentioned and equity market appreciation. Earnings rose 29% with earnings per share up 36%, reflecting robust business growth and sound capital management. And ROE, excluding AOCI and unlocking was at a record 50.7% compared to 36.1% a year ago. Our fourth quarter results are consistent with the record results we delivered for the full year. Excluding unlocking, revenues were $13.8 billion, up 17%. Earnings rose 29% to $2.7 billion, with earnings per share up 35%, $22.75. We continue to execute our strategy, investing strongly in our higher multiple businesses, which now represent 80% of our 2021 adjusted operating earnings for the year while continuing to generate strong returns from our high-quality Retirement & Protection Solutions business. Let's move to Advice & Wealth Management, where we continue to generate strong momentum and growth. It was a standout quarter. Clients were active, working closely with their advisers, benefiting from our comprehensive advice and solutions and the strategic investments we've made over many years. Engagement is high and a large number of our clients are utilizing our extensive digital capabilities to track and achieve their goals. This is leading to robust client activity, asset flows and client acquisition. For the quarter, total client assets were up 17% to $858 billion. Client inflows were up 29% to a record $12.5 billion driven by strong client acquisition and deepening client relationships. Wrap net inflows remained strong at $10.5 billion, up 17%, driving ramp assets under management to a record $465 billion. Client cash balances grew to $43.8 billion. Transactional activity grew for another quarter, up nearly 9% over last year with good volume across a range of product solutions. Our advisers are highly engaged. The training, coaching and full suite of tools we provide advisers is helping them build and deepen client relationships, track prospects and run and grow their practices on our fully integrated platform. This is driving strong adviser productivity growth, up 18% to nearly $800,000 per adviser. With regard to recruiting, we added another 86 highly productive advisers in the quarter. Helping advisers grow their practices is a top priority, along with continuing to recruit experienced productive advisers. We recently surveyed hundreds of advisers who joined Ameriprise over the last few years. 90% said they had better client-facing technology, financial capabilities and are better able to serve and acquire clients at Ameriprise than they did with their prior firms. That's terrific, and it's an example of why we feel so strongly about our value proposition and the ability to grow. The strength of our value proposition is also reflected in the recognition we're receiving. That includes being named the number one Most Trusted Wealth Manager and clients consistently rating us 4.9 out of 5 in overall satisfaction. In fact, we're showcasing this strength in our latest national advertising campaign that we launched this week called Advice Worth Talking About. It's a distinct platform that conveys how we help clients feel so confident with their experience that they're referring Ameriprise to their friends and family. Turning to the bank. Total assets grew to nearly $12.5 billion in the quarter, up from $8.1 billion a year ago. And we feel well positioned as we transition to a rising rate environment. We continue to have strong demand from our lending solutions, especially our pledge loan products. As we move through 2022, there's clearly an opportunity as interest rates rise. We would have a direct benefit in wealth management, where in addition to what we currently have at the bank, we have our cash sweep deposits and certificate businesses that would benefit. To wrap up AWM, our metrics and financials are excellent. Pretax income was $472 million, up 34% and margin was strong at 22.3%, up 250 basis points, which compares very well in the industry. Now I'll turn to our asset management business, where we delivered a strong year. We stay focused on meeting our clients' needs and drove the business forward while completing a significant and complementary acquisition that added $136 billion in acquired assets, significantly expanding our capabilities and reach. Total asset management – assets under management increased 38% to $754 billion, also a new record. As an active manager, we start with our research, which is excellent. It's foundational to our business as we focus on generating consistently strong investment performance for clients. That's across equity, fixed income and asset allocation strategies. At year-end, well over 80% of our funds were above the median on an asset-weighted basis over three, five and 10-year time periods. This is terrific performance. And when we compare it to a broad group of U.S. peers we tracked, we performed at or near the top of the Lipper ratings for multiple time periods. Overall, we had net inflows of $27.5 billion. We're able to earn a significant level of flows from BMO's U.S. clients that elected to transfer their assets to us in both retail and institutional strategies. This is a great example of the value we can realize from our strategic relationship with them. Global retail net inflows were $13.6 billion, including reinvestment dividends as well as strong flows from U.S. BMO clients. In terms of fixed income, our results were good and in line with the industry as we've made significant progress in increasing our market share. In equities, our flow rate declined a bit and is consistent with the industry average after outperforming in recent quarters. As you've seen, there has been more volatility given concerns about monetary policy and the pandemic. In EMEA retail, we had inflows on the continent. In the UK, market conditions remain challenging. And while we experienced some net outflows, flows continued to improve over the past two quarters. Looking ahead for global retail, as we navigate this period of heightened volatility, we have a strong lineup of high-performing strategies across equities, fixed income and asset allocation. 13 of our U.S. investment strategies had over $1 billion in sales last year, and that's up from four just two years ago. We will continue to execute our successful strategies and reinforce relationships with advisors and our partner firms that have driven strong results over multiple years. Turning to global institutional. Excluding legacy insurance partners, net inflows were $14.8 billion driven strongly by U.S. BMO client transfers as well as mandate wins and top-ups from existing clients. In terms of our BMO EMEA acquisition, I feel good about how we're tracking and the teams we have in place. Executing the integration is a top priority, and I'm encouraged by our progress in these initial months together. We've seen that BMO is now in our numbers, and Walter will take you through that further. To wrap up asset management, I feel good about the business, the progress we've made over recent years and our priorities to drive long-term growth. Moving to Retirement & Protection Solutions. Our results were strong with strong sales in the quarter. Variable annuity sales were up 15% driven by our structured product and traditional RAVA product without living benefits. And in Protection, sales were up 41% driven by our VUL product with sales nearly doubled as it is an appropriate product in this low rate environment. As you know, we have been taking strategic actions within the annuity business, and that continued in the quarter as we further narrowed our variable annuity offerings. As part of our focus on products without living benefits, effective January 1, we discontinued three of our four living benefit riders. These three riders represented 98% of our living benefit sales for the past year. And by the end of the second quarter of 2022, we will have stopped all new sales of our one remaining rider, which represents a very, very small part of our business. On the insurance side, we're making similar moves in the product line, where we discontinued two products in our UL lineup. We've built differentiated Retirement & Protection Solution businesses over many years that delivers superior financial results, returns and steady free cash flow, consistent with our other business lines. Overall, Ameriprise delivered a record year, and we're positioned exceptionally well for 2022. Listen, across our business, we're driving terrific results. We ended the year with excellent organic growth, a strong balance sheet and a significant excess capital position. And Ameriprise continued to generate one of the highest ROEs in financial services, above 50%. And that’s with our asset-light and higher returning balance sheet businesses and while maintaining a strong excess capital position. So to close, our team is focused on executing our successful strategy, delivering for our clients and continuing to drive profitable growth. Now Walter will review the numbers in more detail, and then we’ll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered strong financial results across all our businesses. We reached new record levels of revenue, pretax adjusted operating earnings and return on equity in the quarter and for the year. We delivered strong flows, earnings growth and margin expansion in our core Wealth and Asset Management businesses, with Wealth and Asset Management now representing 81% of Ameriprise’s earnings in the quarter. This compares favorably to 75% of total earnings a year ago. Our Retirement and Protection Solutions businesses continue to perform well as we further optimize our risk return profile. We continue to generate robust free cash flow across all our businesses. Our balance sheet fundamentals are excellent. And we returned nearly 90% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders in the quarter and for the year, consistent with our target. We ended the year with a significant $2 billion in excess capital position. Let’s turn to Slide 6. We delivered on our profitable growth strategy in our core Wealth and Asset Management businesses. In the quarter, our organic strategy was supplemented with the acquisition of BMO’s EMEA Asset Management business, which added $136 billion of AUMA. In addition, we were able to add a net $15 billion of flows and AUM in the quarter primarily from BMO’s U.S. clients that elected to transfer additional retail and institutional assets to us. Overall, AUMA was up 29% to $1.4 trillion and Wealth and Asset Management client flows reached $40 billion. On a full year basis, our flows were up nearly 140%, representing the successful execution of our growth strategies in each of these businesses. Let’s turn to Slide 7, where you can see that we are delivering profitable organic growth. Revenues in Wealth and Asset Management grew 23% to $3.2 billion with pretax operating earnings of $802 million, up 45%. This drove a blended margin of 28.3%, up 420 basis points from a year ago. Let’s turn to the individual segment performance, beginning with Wealth Management on Slide 8. Our strategy of providing best-in-class tools and technology to enable advisers to grow their practices has generated strong organic growth results. In the quarter, we generated record client flows of $12.5 billion, including $10.5 billion into our wrap program. Organic growth, combined with strong markets led to client assets of $858 billion, up 17%. Advisor force continued to deliver exceptional productivity growth with revenue per adviser reaching a new high of $796,000 in the quarter, up 20% from the prior year. Turning to Slide 9. You can see that the results in the quarter are a continuation of our strong trends for the past two years. Flows increased, and we continue to see excellent transactional activity levels from a differentiated client engagement. Total client assets grew 33% to $858 billion over the past two years with client flows more than doubling over the same period. And over the past two years, advisor productivity was up 28%. On Page 10, you can see that our focus on profitable growth is showing up in excellent financial results and wealth management, in fact revenue and earnings, wealth management reached record levels. Adjusted operating net revenues grew 19% over $2.1 billion, fueled by robust client flows, an 8% increase in transactional activities, supplemented by strong markets while management pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 34% to $472 million. Ameriprise Bank is a broad driver of wealth management. In total, the bank has $12.5 billion of assets after moving an additional $4 billion of sweep cash onto our balance sheet in 2021. Expenses remain well managed. G&A expenses increased 2% as higher activity-based expenses and performance-based compensation were largely offset by expense discipline. As we move into 2022, we will continue to manage expenses in light of the strong revenue environment, and we expect proportional expense growth. In the quarter, our pretax adjusted operating margin was 22.3%, an excellent result with an increase of 250 basis points from the prior year without a benefit from short interest rates. Let’s turn to Asset Management on Slide 11, where we continue to deliver excellent organic growth that was supplemented by the closing of the BMO acquisition in the quarter. Assets on demand were up 38% to $754 billion, including $136 billion of assets acquired from BMO EMEA. Net flows were also strong at $27.5 billion in the quarter, up from $7 billion a year ago. Closing this quarter included a net $15 billion of inflows and AUM related to BMO. This included $16.9 billion of inflows in the U.S. from a decision by BMO U.S. clients to transfer retail and institutional assets to us as well as $1.9 billion of outflows in EMEA, about 40% which was deal-related breakage. And margin in the quarter was quite strong at 46%, up from just under 40% last year. On Slide 12, you can see these strong results are a continuation of the trends over the past couple of years. Assets under management grew 53% and underlying flows improved $35 billion, excluding BMO over this time period. The operating leverage in the Asset Management is significant with margins from the trailing 12 months of 46%, up from 36% two years ago. Additionally, you saw in our press release that we made some enhancements to our AUM disclosure. Specifically, we broadened our definition for alternative assets to better demonstrate our underlying business and the additional assets from BMO. Alternatives are an important point and growing part of our business with about $40 billion of AUM across various strategies. Turning to Page 13. You see that these organic growth trends are generating excellent financial performance and asset management. Adjusted operating revenues increased 33% to $1.1 billion. The acquisition of BMO’s EMEA Asset Management business contributed about $60 million to our revenues for two months. Excluding BMO EMEA, underlying revenue growth remains very strong at 25%, reflecting the cumulative benefit of net inflows over the past year, market appreciation and higher performance fees. The fee rate in the quarter was 54 basis points, which benefit from higher performance fees, partially offset by the negative impact two months of BMO EMEA in our results. Excluding the impact from performance fees and BMO, our fee rate was in line with our prior quarters at approximately 52 basis points. Expenses remain well managed and in line with expectations given the revenue growth. G&A expenses were up 12%, excluding BMO, as well-managed underlying expenses was elevated by performance fee compensation. Pretax adjusted operating earnings was $330 million, up $129 million from last year, including $22 million of higher performance fees and a $4 million pretax earnings contribution from BMO. This demonstrates the unwind strength of our asset management business. We delivered a 45.7% margin in the quarter, which included BMO EMEA for two months of the quarter. Excluding BMO EMEA, the margin in the quarter was 48.6%. If BMO had been in our results for a full quarter, we expect our overall adjusted margin to decline by approximately 3 to 4 percentage points. With the BMO transaction closed in November and a couple of months with BMO under the Ameriprise umbrella, the business fundamentals and financial performance are in line with our expectations. This includes our expectations around accretion targets, synergies and integration expenses. Let’s turn to Page 14. Retirement & Protection Solutions include blocks of business with a differentiated risk profile that generates substantial free cash flow. The business is performing well with pretax adjusted operating earnings of $183 million, up slightly from a year ago. As Jim said, we continue to focus on optimizing our risk profile and shifting our business mix to lower risk offerings. We’re accelerating that shift with our recent product announcements to exit VA living benefits, universal life with secondary guarantees and our UL/LTC combo product. These announcements caused an uptick in living benefit sales at the end of December. With a total of 67% of variable annuity sales without leaving benefits for the full quarter. Now value with leading benefits represent only 61% of the overall book now, down another 240 basis points in the past year. In 2022, we would expect less than 1% of our new sales to include living benefit riders. We had a similar trend in protection with sales driven by higher-margin VUL sales. This mix in sales and account values for both retirement and protection products are expected to continue. Now let’s move to the balance sheet on Slide 15. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain excellent. We had holding company available liquidity of $2.4 billion and excess capital of $2 billion at the end of the quarter following the acquisition of BMO. Our diversified high-quality AA-rated investment portfolio remains well positioned, and our hedge program was 95% effective in 2021. These strong fundamentals allow us to deliver a consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders. As I mentioned, we returned nearly 90% of earnings to shareholders in 2021, consistent with our target. This, we announced an additional $3 billion share repurchase authorization to be used through March 31, 2024, and feel good about our ability to continue to return capital to shareholders. With that, we’ll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Jim, I wanted to start on the U.S. retail flow picture. As we think about the past couple of years, you’ve had a pretty good run sort of bucking industry trends in terms of inflows. Do you view what’s happening in the fourth quarter here as a little bit of a bump in the road where you get back on track? Or is there anything that you need to do that’s more substantial?
Jim Cracchiolo: I’m assuming that you’re talking about the asset management U.S. flows.
Suneet Kamath: That’s correct.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. Yes. So what we saw in the fourth quarter was that we had actually some good flows in our fixed income consistent with the industry. So we’re like right in there with the industry average, which we’ve been able to gain share, which is one of the things we want to do. And we actually see stronger opportunity there as we move forward based on the funds and the performance of the funds and some of the categories that we know are in demand. So I think that will be positive. In equities, there’s been some rotation that occurred in the fourth quarter, value growth, et cetera, a little more volatility, a little sales slowed. I think you saw that in the industry. Our total sales were about industry average when we were above the previous two quarters. We actually feel pretty good about the fund line-up, the performance of the line-up, which is very strong and the number of funds that we’re selling now versus what we did in the past. We had a little reduction in some sales as we soft closed our dividend income fund. We wanted to temporarily look at that as we got a lot of activity into it to digest it. But we’ll be reviewing that as we move forward, and that has been a good sales driver for us. So I actually believe with the line-up and what we will do there and the continuation that equities will be in demand. I feel good about that as we move forward.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. That makes sense. And then I guess one for Walter on expenses. I guess, in the past when we’ve had these periods of market volatility, you sort of stepped up your cost savings. Just wondering if that’s in play at this point. And then relatedly, we’re hearing from other companies about expense pressure from inflation as well as people coming back to the office. Can you give us your thoughts on those impacts and your outlook for G&A overall?
Walter Berman: Sure. So obviously, with the markets dropping did a correlated reduction in expense as it relates to third-party compensation. So that’s going to happen. As it relates to developing, we have strategies. We have not certainly been implementing. We’ve had this event take place in 2019 to 2020. You want to make sure we stay on track to get profitable growth and still invest in the business. So we’re engaging this situation. We feel comfortable as we navigate, we have our strategy. We’ll address it. It’s a leveraged business, but – good about that. And as it relates to inflation, we looked at our expenses on certainly, there is inflation on some of the wages, but it’s totally manageable and it’s been incorporated into our plan.
Suneet Kamath: And do you have like an overall outlook for sort of G&A growth?
Walter Berman: G&A growth, we felt was going to be, again, in our targeted range, excluding BMO, of course, because that’s add-on from that standpoint. We’re normally in mid-low digits. And so again, at this stage, we feel a little comfortable from that standpoint, and we’re just evaluating where the market is going. But this year and as pointed out, we anticipate we could get a benefit coming from the Fed on interest rates, which would mitigate some of that.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. For sure. Okay, thanks guys.
Walter Berman: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Bailey: Good morning. This is actually Brian Bailey on behalf of Alex. I was wondering maybe if we can spend a second on the BMO flows for the quarter. So the U.S. clients electing to transfer assets and I think you said that was about $17 billion. Are there any more assets that you think could transfer? And then perhaps a second question. I think you said that there was some deal-related breakage on the EMEA part of the business. Is there anything else that you’re expecting there?
Jim Cracchiolo: So on BMO, we do expect a few billion more, I think, will come in, in the first quarter, something along those lines. On the breakage and we started to see a bit of breakage in the fourth quarter, as we said, probably of the $1.9 billion out from BMO we can estimate is probably around 40% to 50% or so. Now some of that was LDI, et cetera. So we actually think that there will be – I mean we always have to plan for a level of breakage. However, we saw that last year, clients stayed in pretty well. They really did like the assumption that we did of the business and what we’re doing in regard to putting it as part of our makeup. So we’re not really in any way disrupting some of the investment areas, et cetera that are important for that. But we’re trying to bring more capabilities to bear, greater technology, et cetera, et cetera, that would also be helpful. And so we will experience, I mean it’s an institutional business. So there may be up for review various things that they have to go through their processes. So we have assumed the level of breakage, but we will be reporting on that as we go through. But that’s all in the assumptions that Walter mentioned as we look at the business and what it will generate.
Brian Bailey: Got it. Completely fair. Okay. And maybe just one on the impact of higher rates, particularly for the wealth management pretax income. So some of your peers have talked about sort of 100 basis points of sensitivity. Is there any color you can give us on how much pretax income we could be thinking about? And then also sort of additional to that how are you thinking about moving incremental cash to the balance sheet in 2022?
Jim Cracchiolo: Walter, you can handle it.
Walter Berman: Sure. Okay. So a 400 basis point increase, we will keep the majority of that as we look at it. But again, that’s subject to doing competitor comparisons, but that’s been the normal trend line as it relates to that. And in that range, you should think about as we publish it, we have basically off balance sheet right now on the most affected is late. That has been in the mid-20% range. And then we also have our search, which will be – we’ll get benefits from it. So that’s the sort of math of it that we would get.
Brian Bailey: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Good morning. Can you talk about the expected timing of the BMO related expense synergies? And also, is $85 million that you had originally targeted still a good assumption going forward?
Walter Berman: Okay. It’s Walter. The answer is yes. The good assumption is still a good assumption about and you should assume in the range of about 25% should occur in 2022 and the balance beyond that mostly in 2023.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then I know it’s still early in the year, but given the increased volatility we’ve seen in the first few weeks of the year, can you give any perspective on what you've seen from retail client activity and to what extent it may have been affected by this?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, so far for the first few weeks, retail activity has seemed to hold up pretty well. Again, it's always depends on what our expectations as we go forward and what the disruption may be. But I think there is still the opportunity for clients to appropriately allocate in their portfolios to add funds where necessary, et cetera. So, we haven't seen a dramatic shifts there. I would probably say, again, it depends on what they might be putting money into that may have adjusted a bit. But this market pullback may be an opportunity for some people. It depends on whether the projection out will be more of a more disruptive volatility versus one that people feel comfortable with. But so far, so good.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Can you talk about the decision to stop selling the guaranteed VA and SGUL policies? And does this materially change the amount of capital you're allocating to writing new business? And also, does it signal any change in your view on retaining the in-force block? And should we think of the announcement of a potential precursor to a reinsurance deal similar to what you did with fixed annuities?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So I'll handle part of that, and I'll have Walter handle the capital side of it. So as we said, we will continue to fine-tune our book to where we think both the products that are appropriate for clients in this environment, but also appropriate of the company as far as the risk return rewards and the economics overall. And so we have continued to shift from living guarantees back to our RAVA product that has no living guarantees in our structured product. Those were actually – the RAVA product was the core part of the business before guarantees came into favor. And we feel that they are very appropriate for a certain segment of the clientele base particularly in this environment and structures is a way for us to give people a little more of the steady state that they're looking for in the variable side of the business. So, we feel very good about that and the shift away. In fact, you saw our sales in total actually went up last year rather than down as we started to shift. And we don't feel an issue that we need to provide those guarantees. And there are other providers on our shelf for those guarantees. And the same thing in the insurance side of the business. We have turned up the Dow for variable universal life or disability products as we get focused a little more on the younger part of the population. These are products that, again, were the core of our business a number of years ago and that we're putting more emphasis on as we actually turn off the dial on some of the universal life-type products in this interest rate environment. So, we feel very good about that. They're good products for the clients. It's good for the company, good returns as well and ones we think are appropriate for the environment. And it does help us de-risk any tail risk for the future. So with that, I'll let Walter handle the capital. And I'll come back with the idea of how we're thinking about the books going forward.
Walter Berman: Thanks, Jim. So on capital, yes. And obviously, in this environment, a base environment, it will certainly reduce. But the real reduction will come as you're selling less of benefits in stress situation. So it does certainly modulate that from a stress situation a lot more. But that – and we did stop the sales.
Jim Cracchiolo: So overall, for the books, again, what we tried to convey to you last quarter and some of the information we released as well as some of the details we provided in the past, we actually have very good books of business. Our at risk is very low compared to what you've seen in the industry for various books in the VA category as an example. And so this just continues to add to that differentiation, per se, as we manage to maintain these books. Now in the environment we're looking, there's been greater levels of activity. They've been namely as the start, just like we did in our fixed annuity reinsurance, mainly moving assets for the general type of account that people want in VAs. They've been deeply discounted books or unique capital requirements that have been sold recently. Our books are very well managed; very low risk, very capital efficient, very strong cash flow generators. So, we are having conversations. We're reviewing as the market evolves. And there's more of an interest strategically in the quality of book that we have in what it will generate for the future for earnings and cash flow for a provider or even from a sales perspective. So, we will continue to monitor the market, have discussions where appropriate. And it might be, if there's a strategic or a value creation opportunity, both economic and from a shareholder and appropriate for the buyer as well as for us and our clients, we're very open to entertain that. But I would say that we continue to have very differentiated books, very strong cash flow. Our at risk [Technical Difficulty] capital position or even the call that there might be possibly on the capital, which wouldn't be that significant. So, we feel really good about it.
Erik Bass: Thank you. Appreciate all the details there. And then if I could ask one follow-up just on the Asset Management margins. Is this the right way to think about it, kind of a low to mid-40% margin for the business ex BMO is kind of the baseline entering 2022 and then factoring on a kind of a three- to four-point drag from BMO initially and that that would get smaller over time as the expense synergies come through?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think that's a pretty good way of looking at it.
Erik Bass: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken from UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to start with a follow-up on a lot of that great color that you just gave on where you are in the process of selling RiverSource. So you spoke to the differentiated risk profile and that becoming appreciated in the market. I guess is your experience, so far, that the bids you received – you spoke to receiving bids from both financial buyers as well as strategics on the October call. So do those bids align with your view of the lower risk profile? Are they in line with your expectation? And when you consider and have dialogue with private equity or financial buyers, is there interest in the idea that there could be a distribution arrangement to allow for their products to be sold into your wealth distribution channel? And could that be an attractive component for that cohort?
Jim Cracchiolo: Let me start, but I have Walter really respond. So I don't know what you mentioned in October. We didn't really put the books out for bid or receive bids on them for the current things. What we did was finalized and did the transaction for the fixed annuity in the summertime. What we are doing is exploring that, having those conversations to see whether the type of books and the type of economic returns we generate would be of interest to various players out there and we are exploring that. But more importantly, we look at that from all aspects, as we've mentioned both strategically, economically and from a client perspective. I do feel like if someone really is looking for a high quality, something that they can build upon something they want to be in the business for longer term, there would be some good opportunity. This is probably one of the best books you'll have to find out there, probably one of the best type of clients if you want to continue to sell to them for the type of products. So I think as this market that crystallizes, there will be some good opportunities. And we will look at it strategically to see if two and two equals five. And so that's the way we're proceeding. Walter, do you want to say anything on that?
Walter Berman: Yes. I would say, as Jim has indicated, certainly, people recognize the quality of the book and from that standpoint – had been given. And from the standpoint, yes, people do look at distribution deals to some of them from that standpoint. So it's a whole potpourri of variables that have gone into discussions.
Brennan Hawken: Got it. Thanks for that. And then when we think about cash in the bank, so that saw a nice increase and a bit of an acceleration from the prior pace this quarter. Then clearly, what we've seen in the rate market is an increase in the hawkishness and the outlook and the forward curve. So was the acceleration in transfers of deposits over to the bank due to the improving environment, you have an ability to accelerate the pace ahead of the $3 billion to $5 billion pace per annum that you've previously indicated? And where do reinvestment rates stand within the bank at this point?
Walter Berman: Sure. So we certainly have the ability, and we certainly have a plan to increase the amount of transfer from balance sheet to on balance sheet as – and with the current environment and looking at this and especially with the anticipated Fed increase, you can get investment – high-quality investments the way we do it and go into 100%. So that's an opportunity. But you also now have the situation because you'll measure it even though we have the capacity; we'll be getting lift coming in on the balance sheet. So – but yes, the answer is we have capacity, good picking up of yield curve. But now you also get the variable of having higher earnings coming from the off balance sheet on the Fed fund side. So it's going to be an interesting evaluation point. But certainly, it is a positive for us in all aspects.
Brennan Hawken: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. I had a question on adviser recruitment, really strong at 2% up year-over-year. Could you, one, talk about maybe average trailing revenue for new advisers versus existing? And then back to your comment about better financial technology being attractive, can you talk about what you have versus where they're coming?
Jim Cracchiolo: So from a production level, the quality of our recruits are pretty consistent now with the averages that we've given you. So we have a mix of those advisers, but we also, as part of that mix, have $1 million-plus producers. Teams are very large coming over. But on average, across the entire recruitment spectrum, I would probably put it in the average of our production levels right now, which is good. I would also say that the survey we did of all the recruits we brought onboard come from a combination of wirehouses and independents, and it was very strong. There's a long detailed list of the questions asked about technology capabilities, tools, thought, branding, marketing, client acquisition, deepening, all that stuff. And very clearly, it was 90% or so in some areas, 90% plus, 95% of how well we were able to support them, give them capabilities to grow, the use of the technology, the technology itself, et cetera. So we feel really good. And it was from a wide range of people joining us from very good firms as well as independent firms.
John Barnidge: Thank you for that. My follow-up question. In the deck, it says activity-based expense likely to increase from just more people going out, but you also call out expense discipline. Can you maybe talk a little bit about how certain prior expenses may not be returning at the same time that you do have activity-based increase? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we continued – and I'll let Walter get to the actual expense rate. But we continued even last year and the year before, et cetera, to invest strongly in the business. And with the technology, with the capabilities, with better analytics, et cetera, with robotics with AI. So we've been doing a number of things across the firm. We expanded our product set. And so we really feel good about what we've been doing. Yes, we have a level of investments that we will continue to do moving forward. You have to always sort of keep up and involve, enhance with the digital capabilities of cybersecurity, things like that. But we feel very capable of managing that. Maybe the level of investment we do this year might be a little less than what we did last year, as an example, that will offset some of the expense that we do see from inflation or wages. But we think that we'll be very well able to manage that expense against the revenue growth that we have. And we will modulate it. If we feel like the markets have come down a bit, if there's some compression that way, we will look to manage the expense base in a similar fashion. We're doing a lot now around what will the workforce continue to evolve to be, what's hybrid, what's not, what level of travel needs to come back versus not. We know that working digitally and through video does help in various sessions and reduces some of the T&E activities in the travel. But we also feel that is necessary face-to-face meetings and support and group activities. So some of that, yes, will come back in, but we think we'll be able to modulate it okay and have a reasonable expense picture.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So I wanted to start off just with a follow-up related to the question or a line of questioning around RiverSource. I know you guys had talked about the quality of the book. I was hoping you could speak to with the improving rate backdrop, how that could impact or inform the perceived attractiveness of the asset? And is there any change in demand or interest from the sponsor community just given the improved rate backdrop or how that's informing some of the conversations?
Walter Berman: Yes. So it's Walter. Yes, the answer is yes, certainly, from the standpoint of long-term care. I'm looking at basically our own book. That would certainly increase the attractiveness that standpoint as people go into – are you at the base and then the potential of the base. And people – certainly, it's a lot of people's thinking.
Steven Chubak: Got it. Okay. And just for my follow-up, I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into your equity market sensitivity. You provide that great disclosure, reflecting the impact of a 10% market correction. I know it's a relatively static analysis. I was hoping you could speak to some of the natural hedges in the business that could mitigate some of those pressures, both in terms of increased retail engagement that you alluded to a bit earlier, and more importantly, the increased allocation to cash as investors look to derisk their portfolio.
Walter Berman: Yes. Obviously, listen, these are leverage businesses if you look at asset management, equity box will have an increased impact. This year, I think, because of what's causing it, the Fed and certainly the potential increase in interest rates that will certainly give us window back on rep accounts and on surge and certainly on yield curve. So that is the other aspect that would be beneficial within it. But that's the area that we would see offsetting it. And then, of course, our ability to adjust our expenses, as Jim has said – previously done. But as far as yes, people shifting into sweep or in cash and the Fed increases the rates that will certainly.
Steven Chubak: Walter thanks very much for taking my questions.
Walter Berman: You are welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Just a first question on the economics of the BMO U.S. assets, that almost $17 billion that you had transferred. And I guess you have a couple of billion more that you think might come in 1Q. I just want to make sure I understand how the economics works here. I believe you get close to 30 basis points on the assets. How much of that fee are you sharing with BMO? And what is the alternative for these clients? Meaning like why are they moving their money to Ameriprise at this point? Did the ownership of the U.S. asset management business change hands or a little bit of an explanation for what's going on behind the scenes there? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: So what it is, is really these are both retail and institutional accounts. And the clients themselves have made that choice to move over to CTI. In the retail areas, there were some mutual funds adopted. The mutual fund boards made that decision as well. And so clients had a choice. There were other assets and activities that did not move over or that we didn't feel appropriate to move over. But we feel for the ones that we had very good lineup, very good investment capabilities as well as assuming some of theirs that would be great for the clients and good for us. And as far as the revenue type of arrangement, Walter, I'll let you handle that.
Walter Berman: Yes. So obviously, on that standpoint you're right on the 30 basis points in that approximate range and there is revenue. But it's economically profitable for us. And we feel comfortable we're certainly taking care of that. But it's good really intent. They've certainly signed on to be with us. And I think, as Jim said, capabilities that we provide.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And that was mainly driven by an offset to, so [indiscernible] for what they had to do in their current business activities to wind that down, et cetera. So we feel it was very appropriate for both parties.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Okay. Thanks. And is the revenue share of 50-50? Or are you keeping the majority of the fee?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think it's reasonable. It's certainly – I'm asking, I don't want to get into the terms. But it is certainly, I think, a good transaction.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the whole process for, I guess, what you're doing with the Life and Retirement business. Based on what I've heard you describe, it sounds like this is a pretty comprehensive process. And by that, I'm just assuming it's probably going to take the full year of 2022 for this whole thing to play out. Is that fair from a timing and process standpoint?
Jim Cracchiolo: What I would say there is that, first of all we've listened to you as the analysts, investors, et cetera. I spoke to my Board. We're doing a thorough analysis in regard to evaluating our business. What we love about the business and what we tried to explain to you as the analysts and investors that this is a very good business built over many decades, very solid books of business, very consistent books of business. Mostly all to my clients, who actually take these solutions against their planning activities for their retirement, et cetera. And so we are very comfortable with the books. We're very comfortable with the risk profile. We're very comfortable with the economic returns. I mean when you generate a 50% ROE and you have this balance sheet business and a strong excess capital; you can see how those returns are quite good and don't negatively impact the business. And with that, the free cash flow we use to buy back stock, which helps us just like to generate the free cash flow from the other asset-light businesses that go along with that. So it's not a – where some others had to get rid of this business, they needed capital. They had a long tail risk that they needed to get out of to invest in their other businesses. That's not our issue. So what we're looking at is to say, this is what we have. If that can add and someone can do better with it, we manage – we invest it short. If they can have other opportunities with their capital structure, with their investment structure, that's appropriate. If in a certain sense that they're interested in growing the business or want those capabilities or this would add a quality dimension to what they're doing and the values there, we're very open to explore that. In things like long-term care even, we haven't invested out in that book. There's a lot of opportunities for someone coming in to do something like that if they wanted to other types of investments they could make. So that's what we're exploring. Yes, it will take probably a while. But I think the market is continuing to evolve. There's a lot of money out there and there's some strategic players that might be interested. So we're having conversations. We're very open to that dialogue, and we'll explore it. If something is there, we will proceed. If it's not, we feel very comfortable maintaining the books.
Tom Gallagher: That's very helpful, Jim. Just one final follow-up, if I could. I guess the perception in the market that I hear right now is that lower-quality variable annuity books have generally gotten pretty good bids, like better prices than most investors were expecting. We have not yet tested the market with higher quality books. Yours would certainly fit that bill. It's much better quality, I think, on most measures than a lot of the other ones out there. And so the concern is that there may not be the same level of attractiveness of bids on the higher-quality books. But I guess you'll be the test case of that. Do you have any sense for whether at least even very initial price discussions you've had would appreciate the quality of your book and give you, we'll say, proper value for that? Or is it just too early to tell?
Jim Cracchiolo: So you're 100% right in your sort of look at the idea of what's been sold out there or what's been done so far. And we would definitely be on the quality end of the any spectrum. Now having said that, what I would say is I think there is an interest as people think about long-term flows and where they want to put money to work over many years and having that quality as well. But it's a little different. It's not deep in the money, discount at it's not just the general account, there's variable accounts, et cetera. But I actually believe that as people start to evolve their thinking or appropriate – or strategic players have more of an appetite again, I do believe there might be some good opportunities that could be a win-win. But yes, I think those things are forming. That's why we're having conversations as the marketplace evolves and as people get a better understanding of how to differentiate. So that's what I would say, but that's a positive. That's not a negative. And as I said, I think you looking at our returns, our cash flow, et cetera, that's more of – we will make the right decision for shareholders. If that comes along tomorrow with the next day, we'll see. But I feel good about it.
Tom Gallagher: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, thank you. What I made it in. Question around advice and wealth management, where wrap net flows for another record $10.5 billion, four quarters in a row above $9 billion. And yet, just two years ago, before the pandemic, I think most investors would have been happy seeing somewhere in the $4 billion to $5 billion range. So the question is, what's kind of changed here? And is this the new normal?
Jim Cracchiolo: So Andrew, as we would probably say we do feel like we are and have been able to generate more flows through our client base and our adviser. Our adviser productivity has picked up. Our capabilities are we feel very good and very strong even as I've mentioned, in advisers that we recruit in. We've been able then to really get more clients appropriately, move up market actually to deepen those relationships quite well with the technology and the capabilities and the relationship management tools we've been giving them. We're actually adding to that as we go forward with the use of AI and capabilities looking at further opportunities, segments of the book that they can even focused on even more appropriately. So we feel good that we have been helping them pick up a level of that activity. And that has translated to the flows that you're seeing. Our client acquisition was up strongly this year, including in the segment that we really wanted to grow, which is the $500 million – the $5 million category. We're starting to work on moving even further up market to higher net worth. We're also focused on some of the younger generation as we bring in through the remote and the digital capabilities that we've been investing in. We're also – as we develop our product solutions, our integrated wrap programs and how they can move money and do it across multiple types of their portfolios for our clients and how we're looking at that. And we're developing a new retirement solution for the long-term for them to optimize returns for the clients and longevity income. So I feel really good about what we've been able to do is help advisors grow and the flow picture that, that will result in. Of course, yes, as I said last year, markets always helped a little bit when there's a positive environment. So that's part of the base. So I can't tell you regarding volatility and other things, whether that will slow down a little bit. But I think the base of activity is much stronger than it was two years ago and three years ago because of what we've been doing.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And I think that helps somewhat with my second question. But I looked at your adviser count. I was just checking my model and I look in 2016 advisor count is down 1% and then 2017 is up 2%. It was flat in 2018, down 1% in 2019, up 1% in 2020. And then this year, it's up 2%. In a business, Jim, that advisors in general appear to be in secular decline, do you think you could kind of at least grow – continue to grow in the low single digits? Or is it going to be very tough? And the answer to the prior question was great. And you mentioned that 90% that we're very happy with the technology. What about the other 10%? Why were they not that happy?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, it wasn't that they weren't that happy. What we had asked them is across all these dimensions. So that's why I said there are a number of things that were above the 90%. And above all the things we asked them, whether we gave them and the capabilities to support the brand, et cetera, help them grow better, work with clients better, help them get better client satisfaction, all those things, grow their businesses. And so that's like an unbelievable. So that's nine times out of 10. Now there might be certain things in certain firms, but certain of those activities might have been good or the technology for that capability might have been good or solutions that they provided. So it's not like we're going to be best in everything. But when you get nine out of 10 across a whole bunch of dimensions, I would say we were very pleased. And I think that you'll find – I don't know if you'll find that with other firms recruiting people in – so I'd be interested. What I would tell you is as we look at the business, we do feel good about our ability to continue that along those lines. Now as far as the number of people, there are people out there that have been buying up networks and growing in advisors. And it doesn't matter what their productivity level is, it doesn't matter what they – how they want to do business, et cetera. We don't really want to play that game. We feel if we can bring in good quality people, if we could help them grow their productivity and if I can grow to productivity across 10,000 advisors and I can replenish that and grow at 1%, 2%, 3%, I'll do really well and I'll continue to give a very strong client value proposition. My client satisfaction is 4.9 out of 5. I mean that, to me, makes it a branded value proposition is adding value to clients, adding productivity to advisors. And I got a really good branded company that I think is valued more than just an independent or someone on a process or a network and giving them technology support. So that's really what we're focused on.
Andrew Kligerman: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: This is all the time we have for questions. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. My name is Sylvia and I’ll be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question and answer session. During the question and answer session, if you have a question, please press star then one on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you Sylvia, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s third quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’d be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on Slide 2 you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the company operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials and on our website.  Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our third quarter 2021 earnings release, our 2020 annual report to shareholders, and our 2020 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the third quarter. Below that, you’ll see our adjusted operating results followed by operating results excluding unlocking, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. We completed our annual unlocking in the third quarter. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning and thanks for joining us.  As you saw, Ameriprise delivered another excellent quarter building on a strong year. We continue to perform extremely well. The environment in the U.S. is largely positive as the economy continues to show solid growth. Equity markets remain strong and have recovered from a weaker September. Inflation has picked up given demand, and there remains some headwinds due to the pandemic. In Europe, conditions continue to improve.  As you can consider this backdrop, we’re executing well and consistently generating important organic growth and shareholder value. Our differentiated results reflect the strategic investments we’ve made in the business and a culture built on performance and a high level of care for our clients and team. Our growth businesses are delivering strong client flows and nearly $14 billion of inflows in the wealth management and asset management businesses in the quarter. With these positive flows and markets, assets under management and administration are up 21% to $1.2 trillion. Turning to our financials, the excellent results we delivered in the quarter reflect the high level of performance we’ve generated this year. Adjusted operating results for the quarter excluding unlocking, revenues came in strongly at $3.5 billion, up 17% fueled by continued organic growth in attractive markets. Earnings rose 32% with earnings per share up 38%, reflecting strong business growth and capital management, and ROE is exceptional at nearly 48% compared to 35.5% a year ago. Let’s move to advice and wealth management, where we continue to deliver meaningful and consistent growth. With the strategic investments we’ve made over many years, coupled with our expertise in planning, we’re delivering a differentiated and referable advice experience. Clients are actively engaged with us. They’re turning to Ameriprise and our advisors for comprehensive advice and solutions, and they’re leveraging our extensive digital capabilities to track and achieve their goals.  Our client experience is sophisticated, personalized, and supported by our integrated digital technology and backed by our strong reputation. In fact, Investors Business Daily recently named Ameriprise the number one most trusted wealth manager. We’ve earned this impressive credential based on how consumers rate Ameriprise for how we serve them, the quality of our products and services, our commitment to ethical practices, fair prices, and protecting personal data. To be number one in trust is high praise, and we’re honored. This type of recognition and client satisfaction doesn’t happen without an industry-leading advisor force that’s highly engaged. Our advisors are benefiting from our training, coaching, and suite of tools to build and deepen client relationships, track prospects, and run and grow their practices through our fully integrated platform. This positive momentum and engagement are leading to robust client activity, asset flows and client acquisition. Our results reflect the traction on organic growth that we’ve consisted demonstrated. Total client inflows were up 64% to $10 billion, continuing the positive trends we’ve seen over the past several quarters. [Indiscernible] net inflows were excellent at $9.4 billion, up 65%. Transactional activity grew for another quarter, up nearly 16% over last year with good volume across a range of product solutions. Advisor productivity reached another new high of 18% adjusted for interest rates to a record $766,000 per advisor. I’d highlight that our advisors continue to be recognized across the industry, including in top national rankings from Barron’s, Forbes, and Working Mother. We have long focused on driving productivity growth for our advisors and we’re generating some of the highest growth rates in the industry. At the same time, we complement this with targeted recruiting of experienced productive advisors who are attracted to our brand and value proposition. In the quarter, recruiting picked up nicely and another 104 experienced advisors joined us. We’re getting a great response from our in-person events and virtual recruiting activities, and importantly the quality of our recruits is very good. Let’s turn to the bank, where total assets grew to nearly $11 billion in the quarter. The trends we’ve been discussing with you remain consistent. We continue to move additional deposits to the bank and we’re seeing a growing demand for our recently introduced lending solutions, especially our pledged loan product that is getting good initial traction.  To wrap up, advice and wealth management, our metrics and financials are very strong. Pre-tax income was $459 million, up 43%, and margin was strong at 22.4%, up 320 basis points, which compares very well in the industry. Now I’ll turn to asset management, where we continue to build on our momentum and results.  Assets under management increased 17% to $583 billion. Our outstanding research is core to our business and our ability to consistently generate excellent investment performance for clients - that’s across equity, fixed income, and asset allocation strategies with more than 85% of our funds above the median on an asset-weighted basis on a three, five and 10-year basis. In fact, compared to the broad group of U.S. peers we track, we perform at or near the top of the Lipper rankings for multiple time periods. Flows remain strong given our excellent investment performance, client experience, and continued support we provide advisors and our partner firms. We had net inflows of $3.9 billion in the quarter. This is an improvement of nearly $5.5 billion from a year ago. Global retail net inflows were $1.8 billion, driven by North America. While overall industry sales were a bit weaker in the quarter given the summer months, overall our flow traction is good. We continue to have good sales and equity strategies and, consistent with our plans, we’re gaining traction within fixed income, and that’s across multiple channels and structures. I’d note that we expanded our successful suite of strategic beta fixed income ETFs in the quarter with the launch of the Columbia short duration bond ETF. In EMEA, retail market conditions remain challenging, and while we experienced some net outflows, flows have improved from the second quarter.  In terms of global institutional, excluding legacy insurance partners, net inflows were $3.5 billion. The team is working hard to generate wins across equity and fixed income strategies in each of our three regions; in fact, we’re seeing a number of current clients adding to their positions. Of course, we recognize there will be shifts in flows quarter to quarter, given the size of certain institutional mandates. Our client service and consultant relation teams have good traction and we’re making considerable progress expanding our consultant ratings, which position us well for growth. As I look at the year thus far for institutional, we’re making good progress. That includes expanding our presence in APAC, where we announced the opening of our new Japan office that complements our other locations in the region.  Turning to our BMO EMEA acquisition, we look forward to closing the transaction shortly, pending final regulatory approval. I feel good about how we’re tracking. We’ll be able to provide more details after we close and when we release fourth quarter results in January. To wrap up asset management, we’re serving clients well while maintaining our attractive organic growth and profitability. Moving to retirement and protection solutions, our results continue to be strong. These are high quality businesses that generate solid earnings and excellent free cash flow. We continue to focus on non-guaranteed retirement and asset accumulation protection products that deliver benefits for clients and our shareholders. Consistent with this strategy, the majority of our annuities sales in the quarter did not include living benefit guarantees. Sales increased 28% and have shifted to both our structured variable annuity product and our RAVA product without living benefits. On the insurance side, life and health insurance sales increased 77%, driven by our VUO product, appropriate given the current low rates. We have also seen good response to our DI products, reflecting our financial planning approach. To summarize, Ameriprise has built a differentiated book of business over many years that delivers superior financial results that are sustainable. It starts with providing clients with solutions that meet their long term retirement needs, have appropriate benefits, and generate good risk-adjusted returns for the company. Now let me highlight why Ameriprise is clearly differentiated in financial services. In terms of our balance sheet, our capital management remains a real strength. Our advice and wealth management and asset management businesses are performing very well and generating excellent growth, margins and returns. We compare quite favorably across the industry, and our retirement and protection business is valuable and high quality, generating good free cash flow and returns. It’s entirely focused on our channel and differentiated from anything else out there.  Listen - we’re generating some of the strongest returns in the industry and have been for quite some time, and we’re able to do it with lower volatility. Importantly, we’ve returned capital to shareholders at very attractive levels; in fact, we consistently return nearly all of our operating earnings to shareholders annually. If you look at that over the last five years, we’ve reduced our average weighted diluted share count by 28%. This is all while we’re consistently investing in the business and maintaining a sizeable excess capital position that gives us flexibility. In closing, Ameriprise is positioned well. Our team is focused on key priorities to drive organic growth, and we’re delivering for our clients. In fact, I was just with our top advisors last week to recognize their achievements and discuss our growth priorities. It was terrific being together. As I think about all of Ameriprise, it’s great to have people back in the office more in person again as we focus on finishing the year strong. Now Walter will review the numbers in more detail, and then we’ll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you Jim.  Ameriprise delivered very strong financial results across the firm with adjusted operating EPS of 38% to $5.91, excluding unlocking. In fact, we reached new record levels for revenue, pre-tax adjusted operating earnings, and return on equity in the quarter. We delivered strong flows, earnings growth and margin expansion in our core wealth and asset management businesses. Results in the quarter are a continuation of the excellent trends we have been seeing this year as we successfully execute our growth strategies. This is driving our business mix shift, both wealth and asset management representing about 80% of earnings. Retirement and protection performed well and we remain focused on optimizing our risk-return trade-offs in this environment.  We generate robust free cash flow cross all our businesses. Our balance sheet fundamentals are excellent with significant excess capital. Combined, this allows Ameriprise to consistently return substantial capital to shareholders with 95% of adjusted operating earnings returned in the quarter, putting us on track to achieve our 90% target for the full year. Let’s turn to Slide 6. We are focused on growth in our core wealth and asset management businesses, and we hit some important milestones this quarter. We are seeing excellent AUM growth, up 21% to $1.2 trillion from flows and markets. Flows in these businesses have improved substantially, up over 200% from a year ago and up nearly 140% on a year-to-date basis, representing the successful execution of our growth strategies in each of these businesses. Let’s turn to Slide 7, where you can see that we’re delivering profitable organic growth. Revenues in wealth and asset management grew 23% to nearly $3 billion, with pre-tax operating earnings of $744 million, up 44%. Importantly, earnings growth from wealth and asset management outpaced revenue growth, demonstrating the operating leverage of the business, and the blended margin for these two businesses expanded 370 basis points from last year, with wealth management up 320 basis points and asset management up 500 basis points, further illustrating our ability to deliver profitable growth. Turning to Slide 8, this chart clearly illustrates our success executing our growth and business mix shift strategy. Specifically, the wealth and asset management businesses are driving about 80% of the earnings over the past 12 months. This is coupled with a stable $700 million contribution from retirement and protection solutions. With that as an overview, let’s review the individual segment performance, beginning with wealth management on Slide 9. The strategies we have in place to support advisors and improve their productivity using integrated industry leading tools, technology, and training has resulted in increased flows and transactional activity. Total client assets were up over 25% to $811 billion over the past two years. Our advisor force continued to deliver exceptional productivity growth across market cycles. Revenue per advisor reached a new high of $766,000 in the quarter, up 24% over the past two years. Importantly, over the past two years the annualized organic growth rate for wealth management flows improved to 6% compared to 4% in 2019. This is coming from advisors penetrating their existing client base and adding new clients, complemented by recruiting experienced advisors, and we are pleased that our strategies are translating into this level of organic growth. On Page 10, you can see that we are delivering growth as well as excellent financial results in wealth management; in fact, revenue and earnings for wealth management also reached record levels this quarter. Adjusted operating net revenues grew 23% to over $2 billion fueled by robust client flows, a 16% increase in transactional activities, and market appreciation. Wealth management pre-tax adjusted operating earnings increased 43% to $459 million. Ameriprise Bank is adding to the growth in wealth management primarily by allowing us to pick up incremental spread and cash sweep from deposits. In total, the bank has nearly $11 billion of assets after moving an additional $1.1 billion of sweep cash onto our balance sheet in the quarter. In the quarter, the average spread on the bank assets was 144 basis points compared to off-balance sheet cash earnings of 28 basis points. In addition, we are seeing good growth in banking products, including pledge lending that is gaining substantial traction with our advisor base since the product was launched in the fourth quarter of 2020. Expenses remain well managed. G&A expense increased 1% as higher activity-based expenses and performance-based compensation was largely offset by expense discipline. In the quarter, our pre-tax adjusted operating margin was 22.4%, an increase of 320 basis points from the prior year and 100 basis points sequentially. Let’s turn to asset management on Slide 11, where significant success is also being realized. Over the past two years, assets under management increased 18%. We also saw a net flow shift from outflows in 2019 to a 5% organic growth rate this year. As Jim mentioned, we are seeing positive flows across both retail and institutional distribution channels, supported by excellent investment performance, and like the industry, we saw a bit of a slowdown during the summer months, though our relative position among our peers remains strong. The operating leverage in asset management is significant with margins for the trailing 12 months of 44.6%, up 830 basis points over the last two years.  Turning to Page 12, you see these trends generated excellent financial performance in asset management. Adjusted operating revenues increased 24% to $915 million, a result of the cumulative benefit of net inflows, market appreciation, and performance fees. On a sequential basis, revenues grew 4%. Importantly, our fee rate remains strong and stable at 53 basis points. Expenses remain well managed and in line with expectations, given the revenue growth. G&A expenses were up 14% primarily from compensation expense and other variable costs related to strong business performance, as well as foreign exchange translation. Pre-tax adjusted operating earnings grew 44% to $285 million, and we delivered a 49% margin. Moving forward, we expect strong financial performance to continue and anticipate that margins will remain in the mid-40% range over the near term, driven by the continued flow momentum in equity markets at these levels.  As Jim mentioned, we are on track to close the BMO EMEA transaction in the fourth quarter. This acquisition will add significant capabilities from a strategic perspective and drive improved business fundamentals going forward.  Let’s turn to Page 13. Retirement protection solutions continue to reflect excellent underlying business performance, differentiated risk profile and a continued generation of substantial free cash flow. Pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were $192 million excluding unlocking, down from $206 million a year ago. Current year results reflect lower profitability from increased sales levels, whereas results in the prior year benefited from lower sales, as well as lower surrenders and withdrawals. In total, unlocking impacts in the quarter were immaterial, resulting from consistent client behavior and interest rates that were in line with prior year estimates. We saw a strong pick-up in sales of retirement and protection products in the quarter with a continued mix shift towards non-guaranteed retirement products. During the quarter, the variable annuity sales increased 28% from last year with 72% of sales in products without living benefit guarantees. Account value with living benefits represent only 62% of the overall book now, down another 200 basis points in the past year. We had similar trends in protection with sales up 77%, driven by higher margin VUL sales. This mix in sales and account balance for both retirement protection products are expected to continue. Additionally, in the appendix of this presentation, we have provided our annual update on our long term care business. You will observe that the business continues to perform in line with expectations from a claims perspective. The policy count continues to decline as the book ages, and we are garnering additional premium rate increases. Now approximately 90% of the book has extensive or substantial credible experience, and I will note that we did not incorporate recent improvements in mortality and morbidity related to COVID-19 into our long term assumptions. Overall, our actual performance continues to be in line with expectations. Let’s turn to Slide 14. In the quarter, you have seen transactions announced in the insurance and annuity space. In light of these announcements, I felt it would be helpful to provide additional context as it relates to how we view our business. As Jim has indicated, we believe our I&A business is a highly valuable asset with a client solution driven capability that has generated sustainable and predictable financial results and free cash flow generation, coupled with a low risk profile. The driver of this is our prudent approach in building all aspects of this business, resulting in a proven track record of superior value creation. The behavior of our clients has been consistent, reflecting the nature of the product sale as part of the financial sale. We have taken a conservative approach to product features, including guarantees and credit rates, as well as requiring asset allocation for living benefits. We have maintained consistent sales levels and industry market share over the last decade, avoiding the arms race seen from time to time in the industry, and our economic hedging program has performed well across market cycles with 97% effectiveness over the past five years. Finally, we have taken prudent and appropriate actions to manage the risk profile of the business. For example, we stopped sales of LTC in 2002 and have successfully implemented premium reactions and increased protection with our LTC reinsurance partner. We also sold our auto and home business, reinsured our fixed annuity businesses, and have reduced living benefit sales. This consistent and prudent approach has resulted in stable earnings with 24% margins and a pre-tax return on capital exceeding 50% with consistent free cash flow generation.  Our balance sheet fundamentals are strong with a high quality investment portfolio and strong risk-based capital ratio. This performance is best-in-class in the industry over many years. We have demonstrated superior return on capital, dividends paid, and capital ratios, and our net amount at risk is substantially lower than peers.  In summary, this is a very valuable business and we are well positioned. It is now only 20% of our earnings. We have demonstrated that the exposure profile is well managed and we completed our annual unlocking with very minor updates. With that being said, we will continue to evaluate options from a position of strength to make the best decisions to drive all aspects of shareholder value creation.  Now let’s move to the balance sheet, another area we have delivered strong results. Our balance sheet fundamentals and risk management capabilities are cornerstones of what we do. It starts with how we manage the business to generate substantial free cash flow in each of our segments. We had holding company available liquidity of $3.7 billion and excess capital of $2.7 billion at the end of the quarter. We prudently manage credit risk where we maintain an overall double-A-minus credit quality in our investment portfolio and have a highly effective hedge strategy. These strong fundamentals allow us to deliver a consistent and differentiated level of capital return to shareholders. As I mentioned, we returned 95% of earnings to shareholders in the quarter, and we are on track to hit our 90% target for the full year. We have executed our capital return consistently over the years. Our share count declined 28% over the past five years, even with issuing shares to fund the share-based compensation programs. Over the past year alone, the share count declined 5%.  In summary, strong fundamentals across our businesses delivered substantial free cash flow. We manage the balance sheet conservatively and we have substantial liquidity and capital flexibility. Combined, these attributes position us to continue delivering a differentiated level of capital returns to shareholders going forward. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Morning Jim and Walter. Hope you’re both doing well. Wanted to start off with a question, and maybe a multi-part question, just on the bank growth strategy. Given continued strong growth at the bank, up roughly 70% year-on-year, as we look out over the next three to five years, what pace of growth should we be underwriting and where do you see the bank levels getting to on a more steady state basis, and just given the meaningful gap between you and peers in terms of loan penetration and the strong demand for a pledged loan product that you mentioned, what do you see as an achievable loan penetration rate or target over the long term?
Walter Berman: Okay, so with the bank, as you noticed, and we have certainly grown the underlying assets in the bank, we will continue to do that. We have the capability of our overall cash strategy to switch from off-balance sheet to on-balance sheet and certainly manage our effective yield on that basis and give us alternatives, so we do see we have substantial room to grow as we take the deposits - right now, they’re in the $11 billion range, to be increasing that by at least $2 billion to $3 billion as we move forward through the years and evaluate the situation. It gives us certainly yield pickup from that standpoint and gives us diversity. As it relates to the underlying assets, we are seeing tremendous success as we look at our pledged loan activity and margin loan activity, which of course is in the broker-dealer, and the [indiscernible] we are investing to build that and we will see significant penetration capability with that as the uplift that’s taken place since December, when we launched the pledge loans, has been very good, and certainly the other products that Joe and his team are working on.
Steven Chubak: That’s great, and recognizing it’ a multi-year endeavor, just curious given some of your peers have loan penetration rates around 1% to 1.5% of AUM, do you view that as a credible long term target for Ameriprise as well?
Walter Berman: Yes, we do.
Steven Chubak: Okay, great. Just for my follow-up on organic growth sustainability, it’s certainly encouraging to see you maintain that 5% annualized organic growth rate. Also saw some improving trends in the employee channel as well as better momentum in AFIG, and was hoping you could speak to what’s driving that improved advisor adds, both in the employee channel as well as the financial institution channel, and just given those improving trends, how that informs your confidence level on the sustainability of that mid single digit organic growth rate.
Jim Cracchiolo: This is Jim. First and foremost, the organic growth rate that we’ve been getting, we feel very good about based on how we’re penetration our own client base today, how we’re enhancing and deepening the relationships through our advice modules, and the support that we’re giving the advisors with our tools and capabilities that really help them engage the clients more fully. We feel like what we’ve made is good investments there. Training and development is really starting to show its fruits. In regards to the external recruitment, that has picked up again, which we did as we move from more of the virtual back to in-person. We’re seeing good advisors join us, good quality books, and we feel like we have a good opportunity as people better understand the type of capabilities that we offer, the brand support that we provide, as well as the recognition that we’re getting there from a client perspective for trust in regard to our brand, and that’s very important. We see that both in the advisor and employee channel, the franchisee, but as well in the FIG channel. As you know, it took us a little while to integrate that into our platforms and capabilities, and now we’re actually adding new bank partners and adding advisors to those partners, so that’s actually taking shape nicely for us and we think there’s a good path forward on that.
Steven Chubak: Very helpful color. Thank you both for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners. 
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is on the G&A expenses in AUM and asset management. The overall expenses continue to surprise on the lower side, especially for AUM. The growth was less than 1% year-over-year and actually down quarter-over-quarter. I understand that the lack of travel and ability in returning to the office was a factor, but organic growth activities were very strong, so it seems like the expense management continued to yield very good benefits.  How should we think about the G&A expenses will trend going forward? I think in the past, you talked about 3% to 4% growth rates, but why isn’t that too conservative?
Walter Berman: The 3% to 4% is a good number from our standpoint. Certainly we do believe we are managing expenses well and certainly making investments, but as you indicated, certainly T&E expenses and other things have not exactly returned, but we do see that coming back into more steady state, but the 3% and 4% would be a good number in my mind. 
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Then in terms of asset management, retail flows were very good in the U.S. but EMEA flows continue to be a little bit weak. You talked about seeing some improvement since the second quarter. Can you just talk about what you’re seeing in that market and what can you do to drive better flows, and then what do you expect the flows in EMEA will look like once the BMO acquisition is closed?
Jim Cracchiolo: This is Jim. If we look at the wholesale flows in EMEA, they actually were positive and been maintaining a bit more positive over the course of the year. The U.K. was the area that, even though it has improved, so it was still in a bit of an outflow, it did improve over the last two quarters and, as you would imagine, the U.K. went through a bit more of a lockdown in the summer months, they are still working through some of their issues regarding Brexit, etc., just completing how that looks and how people should think about investing, but we actually see that with the economy starting to bounce back, the pandemic starting to get a bit less impactful, that we should start to see a bit more pick-up there, but that was the weak spot in EMEA, but overall it did improve over the course of the year. Now on the institutional side, we’ve seen good inflows in EMEA and in certain of the mandates, as well as in the U.K. we’ve gotten a big mandate there as well, so we see the institutional being a little firmer in that regard versus the wholesale or intermediate at this point.
Humphrey Lee: That’s great. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for the question. I want to go back to the discussion around the retirement business. Obviously you guys provided more details and tried to showcase the quality of the business. Should we read that as reaffirmation of your commitment to the business, or the fact that look, it’s actually a great business and might belong better with somebody else? As a threshold for us to think about, you highlight plus-30% ROE over three years in that business. How should we think of that as a metric for us to think about, like what you’d need to see to part with that business? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Alex, it’s an excellent question and we figured that by giving you more information, someone would read something into it different than someone else, so let me try to clarify that and what we tried to do there. We’ve seen the transactions, as Walter said, come out to market and people starting to realize that our book is a bit better than what they’ve seen out there, and very clearly we think it is significantly better. In that regard, the business is less than 20% of our total today. It is very well managed. It generates very strong returns and cash flows, and so the first thing I would convey to you as an investor and as an analyst is that it does not detract from our business. It provides a level of diversity, it actually gives us strong cash flows that we use for buybacks as a complement to free cash flows we generate in the other businesses, so it doesn’t in any way have a draw on capital, and that it’s been very steady and consistent with excellent returns on the overall capital that’s deployed there. One thing we would bring to highlight is as we hold the business, it should not be a discount or an overhang on us, is the first thing. The second thing we would clearly state, just like we’ve sold the auto and home, we’re reinsured part of the book, we’ve diverted our sales from activities that don’t give us really good strong returns, we’re very open to continue to explore strategic opportunities with the book, either reinsurance of aspects or even the sale of certain of the businesses or total, but as long as it makes sense from a strategic perspective, supports our clients, and we can generate reasonable value for that. We think it’s a good operating business, it’s really a great client-oriented business, it really has great distribution capabilities as part of our solution set, so it might be a great opportunity strategically for us to evaluate, but we wanted to be clear that this is not a discounted book that we must get rid of for whatever reason, because it doesn’t detract from us. In fact, it shouldn’t be a discount to the business today as we hold it, but if someone was or we evaluated strategically it made sense, I would tell you it’s a valued business that should be at a valued price. 
Alex Blostein: Got it, all right, loud and clear. Thanks for that.  My follow-up is around the asset management business. We saw that Columbia’s dividend income fund, I think had a soft close in the third quarter. This has been a really big contributor to the overall organic growth within asset management. Can you just spend maybe a minute on what the soft close really means in this context, if you were go to back over the last 12 months and say hey, if the product was closed back then, any kind of way to frame how much of a flow headwind this could create, but also in the same context maybe spend a minute on how the business may have been diversified a little bit more, so to what extent should we really worry about this product soft closing.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would not worry about it. We’ve been in a soft close over the course of the year, and what that really means is we still take additions to accounts that are already there, retail and institutional, which is still a good flow, it’s just that we don’t go out and sell to new clients to add new mandates to it, and since we have a really good book with the amount of incremental flows that come in from that book anyway, it still continues to be nice accretive. On the other side, to the point that you raised, we have been able to really diversify our mix and so over the course of the year again, we have more than 10 different disciplines that are adding over a billion dollars of flows to, so we feel really good about the diversification and what may still be in income products, if that’s where people are interested, versus as well our fixed income business is growing nicely with different types of investments there, as well as some of the other equity products that have also been gaining traction.  We feel like our line-up is pretty diversified now, and each of what we’re selling actually has excellent performance.
Alex Blostein: Thank very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken from UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.  Really encouraging and great to see the good fundamentals in AUM and the tick up there in FA headcount this year. I guess it seemed like from your comments that you think the growth is sustainable, so just would like to confirm that that’s your view; but also, could you maybe give some additional perspective on your approach to recruiting? Where do you think you might stand versus your primary competitors in the marketplace as far as competiveness of packages is concerned, and is there maybe a willingness to step up if you guys are conservative, maybe approach the market a bit more so you could drive a bit more of that headcount growth? Thanks. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so we feel very good about the continuation, our ability to continue to get good flows in the business and have good client activity and relationships, both on the client as well as with the advisor uptake of our capabilities. The same thing with recruiting - I think we really do have a really strong value proposition to offer advisors. The biggest thing that we try to do is educate advisors versus what people are selling out there, of what we offer more completely and comprehensively, and we think is it very differentiated, if we think that it really helps an advisor really improve their productivity and drive a really good, strong practice, and so that’s really what we focus on. Now, part of that is the package, financial for someone to transition, etc. We think that we offer competitive packages there. We don’t get overly aggressive as some that will sort of buy the business per se. We look at the economics of that and want to make sure that it is reasonable and appropriate through cycle. But we feel that the offering is competitive, and when you add that to the totality of what we provide and the support, we think it’s excellent value. That’s the way we look to compete in the marketplace, and we feel good about that.
Brennan Hawken: Excellent, thank you for that. Then following up on some of Steven’s questions around the growth in the bank, curious--you know, clearly the bank saw a nice uptick in yields here this quarter, and that’s really probably before you even saw some benefit from rates given how it happened late in the quarter, so clearly an attractive economic proposition. How do you think about the possibility to perhaps even accelerate the deposit growth in the bank, and when we think about this ultimately as a strategic driver of better economics in AUM, how do you think about where the bank would break down as far as proportion or mix of the deposits? I would think it should be the majority, but how are you guys thinking about it over these next few years?
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say we actually re-entered the banking business because we felt, consistent with what you said, that it was a good strategic opportunity for us to complement our business in the marketplace. Clearly we have some experience going back on that, and we actually grew the business nicely at that point in time. As you recollect, the bank is kind of new right now, so we’re just sort of ramping up. We’re putting the products to market, etc., and we think that we have a good growth trajectory of moving more deposits over. We think that the margins in that business could be really good - I mean, it’s been a compressed spread market right now that’s starting to open up a bit as we get down the road, which I think will be favorable for us to continue to do the shift.  We are launching more of the lending products in the bank and some more deposit gathering products in the bank as well for our retail clients. Now with that, it will continue to take time to develop those books, but we see really good traction in the ones we’ve launched already. We’ll be bringing more lending activities bank on balance sheet over time for mortgages and home equities and other things like that, so we do have our plans going out and I think it will be a great complement to the business.
Brennan Hawken: Sure, but is there any idea or aspiration or indication around proportional size of the bank versus other options for deposits?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I think from a movement of off-balance sheet to balance sheet, that will become the majority of where the deposits go, so exactly to your point, yes. As far as the lending penetration, again as we’ve increased the number of different products we put out there for what we’re going to penetrate, that’s what we’re working on now, but we feel like we can get some good penetration based on some of our past experience of what we work with partners on. 
Brennan Hawken: Sounds great. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Can you talk maybe about some of the flow synergies for the BMO EMEA asset management transaction and the backdrop of strong flows for Columbia Threadneedle, maybe the opportunity in the U.S. that the transaction provides?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we’ll hopefully be able to close this in short order over the next few weeks. We’re just waiting for one more regulatory approval. Once we have that on the books, we can start to give you more information on it. As you would imagine with privacy and other things in the European market, that it’s been one that we can’t really get into or even know some of the lines, but from the actual sales activity that they’ve been garnering over the last number of quarters, even though this transaction was done, has been very positive and favorable, so they’ve been in nice inflows there and that bodes well for us to assume the business.  We think that that can continue. We like a lot of their capabilities that we’re already thinking about how we would integrate that in and carry some of those capabilities, not just across our European business but actually into the U.S. From a U.S. perspective, we think that a number of their U.S. assets are going to transfer over to us. We’ve been working - it’s a client by client approval in activities, but that looks very favorable, and we’ll be able to give you more information as we get closer to the end of the year.
John Barnidge: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Maybe just staying on the BMO EMEA transaction, I think it’s a $700 million-plus layout of capital. Do you have an appetite to do any more transactions, and where might that be?
Jim Cracchiolo: We absolutely want to focus right now in the international market of closing and integrating in the BMO transaction. We have good plans to do that and leverage that capability, working with the people there. We think that they add good complementary investment processes and people and capabilities, and that’s our first order of business. Having said that, as we have said, we have capital flexibility if something else comes along that would be complementary, that fits, we would definitely look to explore it. Having said that, we’re not out in search of something to do right now, but you never know when opportunities may arise. But if we’re looking at the European part of that equation, we’re really focused on that integration.
Andrew Kligerman: I see, and if something were to come your way, any particular areas of note that you would strongly consider?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well again, what we’re continuing to do is look at what could be complementary in either distribution or product capability. Some of this may be alternative space or solutions, but again we feel like we’ve got a pretty good make-up, and what BMO actually provides is a complement to the areas that we wanted to further invest in, so that’s why again it would have to be really opportunistic rather than that we’re in the hunt for something that we need right now.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Maybe I missed this in the EMEA conversations, but--and you talked about flows exceeding your expectations, which is quite promising, but at some point, there would have to be some breakage. Could you give us a sense of how much breakage we might expect over the next year or two in the BMO EMEA operations?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well as you would imagine, anytime we go into a transaction or a deal not knowing, we always factor in a level of breakage, etc., and still feel very good about the arrangement that we’ve made and adding it to our equation. Having said that, we feel like from what we know today, that looks less negative and more positive than what we always initially assume, but again it’s early stages. But I think what’s important is that this will be complementary to us. We’re not integrating and consolidating investment processes and people, we’re adding them, we’re keeping them in tow as it is to really support clients the way they’ve been support, to add those processes and investment professionals to our capability. We also feel like we can add some further support to what they’ve done in EMEA to complement their business, that will be very helpful for their clients, so we feel very positive at this stage. As we get further into it, we’ll always provide you that color.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. Given the 747% RBC ratio at reverse [indiscernible] right now following the fixed annuity deal, do you plan to take higher than normal dividends up to the holding company this year and work that back down to a more typical level?
Walter Berman: The short answer is yes, obviously with the transaction on the fixed annuities that created that situation, so we will be adjusting that.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks, then just one follow-up on RiverSource. In recent quarters, you’re talked about receiving inbound interest in RiverSource from third parties. Can you just give a little bit of an update on that, and in particular are you receiving interest from strategic buyers or just financial buyers?
Jim Cracchiolo: It’s been the multiple of it, and they are continuing certainly as it relates to--as you’ve seen in the activity in the quarter, so it’s on both sides of it.
Ryan Krueger: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Lee: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just one on the asset management side. The operating margins were very strong. Wondering was this simply a case of operating leverage or where there any other particular drivers that you’d call out? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: No, the operating leverage and the margin have been quite strong, and then certainly again we’ve targeted 35 to 39%, it’s been running in the mid-40s, that is certainly a factor of the market situation which we expect will continue, if the markets [indiscernible].
Kenneth Lee: Got you, great. Just one follow-up, if I may. Wondering if we could just delve a little bit more into the organic growth improvement you’re seeing within the advice and wealth management side. Wondering if you could just outline what you think were the main contributors in that increase in growth rate over the past two years, and do you think that we could still see similar rate improvement going forward? Thanks. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I think we feel very good about that, the growth rates and the continuation, and we feel a lot--don’t get me wrong, the markets are good, but we feel a lot has to do, because you’ve seen a nice uplift from where we were, based upon the integrated technology and the solution and the advice modules we’ve been putting to market that really help the advisors engage a larger part of their client base and deepen appropriately. We also have added a lot of capabilities for them in our CRM systems, etc. to reach out to even more prospects and move upmarket more. We’re seeing a combination of things that are adding to that total flow picture, but what’s really important is the level of client and advisor engagement on things, and so we think that that has given us that level of uplift.
Kenneth Lee: Great, very helpful. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Just a follow-up on potential risk transfer. From what we’re seeing and hearing, it looks like pretty attractive pricing on what’s the majority of your business, which would be variable annuities and life insurance, but less so. You know, we hear the market for long term care transactions is pretty challenged, and obviously you haven’t had a deal on that market for quite some time. Is one option for you retaining long term care and selling the rest of your business, and if so, would that be a tough deal to structure or is that doable?
Walter Berman: There’s a lot of options coming in, as we talked about. You’re correct - LTC is certainly evolving at a slower pace than the others, but the good thing about it is the strength of what we believe is our position with that business, so yes, we could structure something of that nature but right now, I don’t want to get into speculation But the good thing about it is it’s performing the way we thought it would and we feel comfortable with it.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks for that, Walter. Then just a follow-up, the one--I kind of agree with everything you have on your slide in terms of the, we’ll say the positive attributes of your business relative to some of the other businesses that have been sold. Probably the most unique aspect is your distribution and, I think, the generally better margins and lower risk. Do you think if something does evolve here that you would get paid something in addition for that distribution, and if so, is there any way to think about that?
Jim Cracchiolo: Tom, again you’re right on point - I mean, we actually have one of the best channels if you want to sell a longer term solution, and the capability there is there for someone that really wants to continue to be in the business in a good way. Based on the type of offering, our clients look for reasonable and appropriate benefits, reasonable and appropriate pricing, and consistency of delivery, so yes, it would be--probably if someone’s in this business, it’s probably one of the best channels for them to access.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Just one more follow-up on RPS. I think in the slide, you highlight the very strong cash flow from this block, which has been over 100% of GAAP earnings, so a lot higher than peers. Was just wondering what’s allowing you to generate this level of cash flow, and is this a sustainable level moving forward if you hold sales and flows roughly stable?
Walter Berman: It is, and certainly we feel as you look at where we’ve been maintaining our RBC ratio, it is certainly the quality of the book and the cash flows within them, so we feel very confident with the capital requirements, looking at it from a stats standpoint, that this is a sustainable proposition. Obviously there’s been ins and outs [indiscernible] other aspects, such as auto and home and everything of that nature, but on a regular steady state basis, yes, it’s in the range.
Erik Bass: Got it, so you think of it as sort of 100% free cash flow conversion ex-the reinsurance deals that you’ve done in the past? 
Walter Berman: In a range, yes.
Erik Bass: Got it, thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Sylvia, and I'll be operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Second Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials and on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our second quarter 2021 earnings release, our 2020 annual report to shareholders and our 2020 10-K report.  We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. As you saw in our release, Ameriprise had another strong quarter, and I feel good about how we're performing at this point in the year. The environment in the U.S. continues to improve as the economy reopens more fully and equity markets remain strong. Recent spikes in the virus are putting some pressure on Europe's recovery. But overall, there's a lot to be hopeful for as we look ahead. As I consider this landscape, we're executing well across our businesses, driving growth through our lower capital fee-based businesses and freeing up capital to generate shareholder value.  We delivered another quarter of excellent organic growth in wealth and asset management and strong productivity across our system. This included strong client flows with more than $16 billion of inflows in wealth management and asset management in the quarter. And we ended with assets under management and administration up 28% to $1.2 trillion, another new high. With regard to recent strategic moves, we completed the RiverSource Life fixed annuity reinsurance transaction. This further advances our mix shift to capital-light businesses and frees up approximately $700 million of excess capital and our acquisition of BMO's EMEA asset management business, which we announced in April is on track to close in the fourth quarter. Let's turn to our adjusted operating results for the quarter. Momentum in the business continues, with revenues coming in strongly at $3.4 billion up 22%, fueled by organic growth in markets. Earnings increased 34%, excluding the reversal of the NOL a year ago, with earnings per share up 39%, reflecting strong business growth and capital return. And ROE remains exceptionally strong at 37.5%. As always, we continue to manage expenses well. Let's move to Advice & Wealth Management where we're consistently generating good growth. Our strategic investments continue to be an important part of what we're doing. People are coming to Ameriprise for a high-quality advice experience backed by leading-edge technology. Client satisfaction remains high and clients are engaging with us personally and through our extensive digital capabilities. Importantly, our advisers are embracing our training, coaching and powerful suite of tools that are fully integrated with our CRM platform. And we continue to add capabilities, including testing a new e-meeting tool that helps advisers prepare for client meetings in minutes. Our ongoing investments in the technology ecosystem are helping advisers connect with more clients and prospects and run their practices more efficiently. This high level of engagement is leading to really good client activity, asset flows and client acquisition. Total client inflows were up 54% to $9.5 billion and that continued the positive trend we're seeing over the past several quarters. Consistent with strong client flows, wrapped net inflows were $10 billion, continuing a very strong run rate. Transactional activity also grew nicely, up nearly 30% over last year, with good volume across a range of product solutions. All of this momentum, along with positive markets, drove nice growth in adviser productivity, up 14%, adjusting for interest rates to a record of $731,000 per adviser. On the recruiting front, we have 42 experienced advisers join us in the quarter, a bit below where we've been. We're hearing that advisers have been focused on all that comes with reopening and some held off on transitioning firms or delayed their start dates. That said, people are getting back to a more normal rhythm. We're now hosting in-person meetings that complement our virtual recruiting, and we feel good about our pipeline for the third quarter. Turning to the bank. Total assets grew to $9.7 billion in the quarter. We continue to move additional deposits to the bank, and we have adjusted our investment strategy to extend duration a bit.  We're also seeing a good pickup in demand for our lending solutions. Loan volumes are steadily increasing, led by a pledged product, which represents a nice opportunity for future growth. Wrapping up AWM on metrics and financials remain very strong. Margin increased 380 basis points year-over-year, ending the quarter at 21.4%, showing consistent expansion since the Fed cut short-term rates a year ago. Moving to Retirement & Protection Solutions. Results were good, and we continue to advance our strategic initiatives. With regard to Annuities, we had strong variable annuity sales with total sales up 88% from a year ago. This was driven by increased demand for both our structured variable annuity product and our RAVA product without living benefits.  Together, this represented over 2/3 of sales in the quarter, a continuation of the shift that we're driving. On the insurance side, Life and Health insurance sales approximately doubled driven by our VUL product, which is an appropriate product to this rate environment.  Now let's discuss asset management, where we continue to grow the business consistent with our plans. Assets under management rose to $593 billion, up 25% over last year from strong business results in positive markets. Regarding investment performance, the team continues to generate excellent performance for clients across equity, fixed income and asset allocation strategies, with more than 80% of the funds above medium over the longer-term time frames on an asset-weighted basis. At quarter end, we had 110 4- and 5-star Morningstar-rated funds representing more than 70% of our funds. This quarter, we had net inflows of $6.7 billion, an improvement of $4.1 billion from a year ago. Excluding legacy insurance partner outflows, net inflows were $8.1 billion. These results build upon the favorable net flows we saw over the past several quarters. Global retail net inflows were $4.2 billion, driven by another quarter of strong results in North America. Engagement with clients and intermediaries remain excellent. Sales and flows traction is broad-based with 15 of our investment capabilities, generating over $100 million of net inflows in the quarter. And in EMEA, retail sales have been weaker given the risk-off environment. As I said, we're hopeful that EMEA flows will strengthen in the second half as the post-pandemic reopening and economic recovery continue. In terms of global institutional, we saw a nice improvement with net inflows of $3.9 billion ex legacy partner outflows with wins across equity and fixed income strategies in both North America and EMEA. I feel good about our sales pipeline. Turning to BMO. As we discussed with you, the acquisition will add important capabilities and build on our reach in EMEA. Their business remains in positive flows, and we continue to receive good feedback from clients and institutional consultants. As I mentioned, we're on track to close in the fourth quarter.  In terms of the balance sheet, our capital management is excellent. The business continues to generate substantial free cash flow, and we're freeing up additional capital. In fact, the approximately $700 million of our reinsurance deal largely pays for the BMO acquisition, giving us additional flexibility to return capital to shareholders at an attractive rate. In summary, Ameriprise is in a terrific position. We're performing well and generating strong results. Our team is serving more clients and deepening relationships. We're delivering excellent organic growth in both wealth and asset management. And the BMO transaction will add an additional growth opportunity, and we're accelerating our business mix shift with the reinsurance of the fixed annuity block. I'd like to close by talking about our team. Our people have been coming back to the office a few days a week this summer and re-acclimating. It's been great to be together again in-person. We're looking forward to being more fully backed this fall where conditions are safe to do so while maintaining a level of flexibility. Now I'll turn it over to Walter and then take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered very strong financial results across the firm with adjusted operating EPS up 39% to $5.27. We continue to demonstrate excellent metrics, earnings growth and margin expansion in our core growth businesses of Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management.  Sales of our Retirement & Protection products were up significantly from last year, and were focused on low risk and higher-margin offerings. We're already seeing a shift in our import block and expect this to continue going forward. As Jim mentioned, in the quarter, we continue to advance our strategic priorities to expand our growth businesses and reduce our risk profile. We remain on track to close the acquisition of BMO's EMEA Asset Management business in the fourth quarter, which will expand our core geographic and product capabilities in attractive and growing market segments. Additionally, we entered into an agreement to reinsure approximately $8 billion of fixed annuities and closed on the RiverSource Life transaction in early July.  As noted, we will free up approximately $700 million of capital and will have a marginal projected impact on fixed annuity profitability. In addition to the reinsurance transaction, we continue to effectively manage our risk profile through product mix shift to lower risk and higher-margin Retirement & Protection Solutions offerings.  Our diversified model generates robust free cash flow and strong balance sheet fundamentals. We returned 92% of adjusted op earnings to shareholders in the quarter, aligning us to our projected 90% target for the full year.  Let's turn to Slide 6. In the quarter, Ameriprise adjusted operating net revenues grew 22% and PTI increased 35%, reflecting continued excellent business performance. Revenue and earnings in our capital-light businesses of AWM and Asset Management drove nearly 80% of the total, excluding corporate and other, a significant shift from a year ago even normalizing for the unusually high earnings in RPS last year. We remain disciplined on expenses. G&A expenses were well managed, up 6%, given the strong business growth in the quarter. Overall, we delivered another excellent quarter that underscores the strength of the business model that continues to yield robust profitable growth. Turning to Slide 7. Advice & Wealth Management delivered another quarter of excellent organic growth with total client assets up 28% to $807 billion. Total client flows were $9.5 billion, the third consecutive quarter of total client flows at or above $9 billion, demonstrating the sustainability of our organic growth. Our focus is not only on growth, but profitable growth. In the quarter, our pretax-adjusted operating margin was 21.4%, an increase of 380 basis points from the prior year and an increase of 70 basis points sequentially despite continued low interest rates. On Page 8, financial results in Advice & Wealth Management were very strong with pretax adjusted operating earnings of $423 million, up 56%. Adjusted operating net revenues grew 29% to $2 billion, fueled by robust client flows and a 29% increase in transactional activity in addition to strong market appreciation. On a sequential basis, revenue increased nicely to 5%. Ameriprise Bank continues to grow at a solid pace, reaching nearly $10 billion in the quarter after adding $700 million of sweep cash to the balance sheet. Expenses remain well managed, and we continue to exhibit strong expense discipline.  G&A expense increased 3%, reflecting increased activity and the timing of performance-based compensation expense. Going forward, we remain committed to managing expense and margin in a disciplined manner. Turning to Page 9. Asset Management delivered another strong quarter, driven by excellent investment performance and sustained inflows resulting in outstanding financial results. Net inflows were $8.1 billion, excluding legacy insurance partners, which is a continuation of an improved solid flow trend. Adjusted operating revenues increased 32% to $879 million, a result of the cumulative benefit of net inflows and market appreciation. On a sequential basis, revenues were up 6%. Our fee rate remains strong at 52 basis points, reflecting the strong momentum we are seeing across the board with strength in both equity and fixed income strategies. Expenses remain well managed and in line with expectations given the revenue environment. G&A expenses grew 12% primarily from the timing of compensation expense related to strong business performance as well as foreign exchange translation and higher volume-related expenses. As with AWM, going forward, we will manage the expense tightly. Pretax adjusted operating earnings grew 79%, and we delivered a 45% margin. Moving forward, we expect strong financial performance to continue and anticipate that margins will remain in the mid-40% range over the near term, driven by current robust equity markets. Let's turn to Page 10. Retirement & Protection Solutions continue to perform in line with expectations in this environment. Pretax adjusted operating earnings were $182 million. Sales in the quarter were up significantly off a low base in the prior year driven by the pandemic. Sales were above pre-COVID levels, resulting in an increase in distribution expense in the quarter. Additionally, earnings in the prior year were positively impacted by the lower surrenders and withdrawals relating to the pandemic environment. Importantly, we continue to reduce our risk profile by growing sales of retirement products without living benefits. Retirement sales increased 88% during the quarter, with 2/3 of the sales on products without living benefits. This is shifting the overall book and now only 62% of the AUR block has living benefit riders down over 200 basis points from a year ago.  In Protection, sales nearly doubled as we continue to see a meaningful increase in higher-margin VUL and a significant decline in IUL. This mix shift in both retirement and protection products are expected to continue going forward.  Now let's move to the balance sheet on the last slide. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain extremely strong, including our liquidity position of $3 billion at the parent company and substantial excess capital of $2 billion, which does not include the capital release from the recently announced fixed annuity transaction.  Adjusted operating return on equity in the quarter remained strong at 37.5%. We returned $585 million to shareholders in the quarter through dividends and buyback, and we are on track with our commitment to return 90% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders for the year. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Brennan Hawken from UBS.
Brennan Hawken: So just a quick one on insurance here. Now that you've got the fixed annuity sale announced, what are your plans for the rest of the insurance business? It seems as though there's a decent amount of demand, particularly from certain alternative asset managers to run the insurance business. How should we think about the potential for you to capitalize on that demand and offer up further opportunity to monetize some of these insurance assets?
James Cracchiolo: So this is Jim. As you -- as we said, our first focus was really to execute the remaining part of our fixed annuity book, which we think we were successful in doing that, that was just completed in July -- at the beginning of July. And so we are continuing to look at other opportunities that may make sense for us both strategically as well as tactically, for certain parts of our business.  And we're doing that more holistically to evaluate what that does from a client perspective, what it does from a company-wide perspective regarding our capital situation, our risk profile and also what the appetite is in the marketplace. So to your point, we're constantly looking at that as we now completed the fixed annuity transaction. And we'll see what opportunities may arise in the future.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then shifting gears, another strong quarter in AWM. The organic growth there, really quite good, building on success in 1Q. So to me, this really underscores that Ameriprise really is a wealth management firm at its core. Have you considered adjusting some of the AWM reporting or maybe providing some enhanced reporting that would be a little bit more in line with the wealth management competitors in the marketplace? And allow for a little bit more clean comparison on some of these metrics. Distribution revenue, including some components that are yield-oriented, compensation being part of distribution expense. Just some of these metrics that are probably really more tied to the insurance legacy of the firm that don't make for the easiest comparisons to the wealth management firms. And so just curious whether or not that's something you've looked at or is something you'd consider?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think to the first comment that you made, 80% of our total business right now is really in the asset-light asset management, wealth management segments with the wealth management really even driving the components of whatever is remaining in our retirement business, which is actually a high-returning subset of the company. But if you take that to your point, we have been moving more in that direction of disclosing more of that type of segmented results for our wealth and asset management. I know Alicia and team working with our finance people are looking at all those things.  And just like we introduced some of those additional metrics, as you would imagine, we have to go back and make sure that well, the data and everything is consistent quarter-to-quarter, how we look at it to track it, et cetera. So we're doing that now, and we'll come out with some other things as we move forward, but we want to make sure that we're just doing that in a way that is consistent with both the industry, but also that we're able to report it appropriately.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So first, I wanted to start with maybe a little bit of a deeper update on BMO EMEA asset management acquisitions. So Jim heard you guys saying that the flow is just still positive, which is great and the transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter. But now that you've had maybe a little bit more time kind of working through the transaction, maybe an update on sort of run rate revenues and pretax margins in that business? And how you think these margins eventually going to look like once you're fully integrated with Columbia Threadneedle?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So Alex, as you would imagine, a little different than a U.S. acquisition being in the international marketplace in Europe. We do not have as much access to underlying information as you would have normally thought in sort of where you're already in a deal in contract because of privacy and all the limitations there.  So it sort of gives us a little bit of a delay in what we're able to really look at in a much more detailed equation to look at the expenses, the details of that, the various aspects underline the absolutes to really then come up with what we would consider a combination of run rates and synergies and other things.  So we're just going to have to wait a bit. And it's not all usual, but it's one that we're -- we know that that's what is required at this point in time. So we will definitely provide that to you as we continue to gain information for that. So we're not holding it. It's just more that we don't really have it at the level that we would feel comfortable disclosing something that could change.
Alexander Blostein: Got you. All right. We'll stay tuned for that.
James Cracchiolo: That's not to say we don't feel good about it. It's just more that -- it's not something that we can be accurately reporting on.
Alexander Blostein: I got you. I hear you. Second question, Walter, maybe just your view on G&A outlook at a firm-wide level, I know there are moving pieces between AWM and Asset Management. But as you think about G&A holistically for Ameriprise off of kind of $820-ish million run rate in the second quarter. How should we think of that for the rest of the year and maybe even into 2022, given there's some evidence of inflationary pressures building in asset management compensation and things like that?
Walter Berman: Okay. First, let me start off. I think as we look at the results for the second quarter, we're managing expenses in a pretty disciplined way and certainly correlated to our revenue growth.  We do expect going forward that we are going to continue to have good strong revenue growth. So therefore, the expenses will correlate to that and -- but we will manage it in a disciplined way.  The thing that I would say at this stage, Alex, is that -- we are seeing -- we are going to start spending in development and other things. So -- but it's going to be measured. And certainly -- we do not see inflationary pressures yet. Certainly, our compensation is up, as we talked about, because of the performance characteristics this year versus last year.  But from our standpoint, the underlying expenses are being well managed, and we will continue to spend money as it's prudent, but you could expect that they're going to be a disciplined approach to it. But we don't see the inflation right now, just the normal increase that you could see with the top performance that we're having.
Alexander Blostein: Great. If I could just sneak one more in and a little bit in those. But I was curious about the point Jim, you made about pledge loans in the bank. Can you guys give us a balance of those loans in the second quarter versus what it was in the first quarter? Sort of the yield that you guys are earning there and the outlook for future growth definitely seems like one of the ways to grow the bank's NII in a bit of a unique way.
James Cracchiolo: I don't have that in front of me. Walter, I...
Walter Berman: No, I don't have the -- it is growing. And right now, the way we operate with our -- a third-party partner is we basically do the share in the underwriting and pay a certain expense. So the growth potential there is very good. I just don't have the number at hand at this stage.
James Cracchiolo: And Alex, since we just more fully launched this across the system in the fourth quarter of last year, we rolled it out. It's starting to really percolate. So what I would probably say is that we're in very early innings, but I think based on the appetite as well as where that fits in, I think it will be a nice growth area for us. But I would probably say it's still in the early stages, but one that's growing nicely and hopefully, will be to some larger balances over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Starting with AWM. Can you talk a bit more about the client trends and the outlook for transactional activity? And where are you seeing most of the wrap flows coming from?
James Cracchiolo: So I think the -- what we saw is a consistent pickup after last year's sort of low period, particularly on longer-term contracts. So as you saw I mean our sales of Retirement & Protection Solutions activity really picked up strongly, whether it's maybe our VUL product or it's a structured or even our RAVA product, which has no living benefits.  And so I think now as you look at the market environment and you look at the ability for our advisers to feel more comfortable actually executing those type of transactions in the environment and with the clients, even a combination of remote and in-person that has picked up nicely.  Now for other transaction activity, we see good activity there as well. And we had to pick up generally both in there and wrap all through these periods. So the wrap business is really coming from both new client inflows as well as new clients that we're adding. And we had good client acquisition also during the period, and the flows also were strong.  So I think it's a combination of those factors. I don't think there's one in particular. I think the environment, particularly with low interest rates now that people are looking for how do they get on -- a more return more holistically. In our wrap program, we do, do balanced portfolios and diversify it pretty well so that there is a level of what we would call not just overreliance on the equity markets, but not at the same time, just looking for yield from fixed income.  And so I think it's a combination of those factors. I don't know if that answers your question, but as you saw, it continued from the latter part of last year all through the first half of this year.
Erik Bass: Got it. Yes. I guess I was thinking about just the sustainability of the organic growth rate. So do you think there's still some dry powder from existing clients to drive flows into wrap or is it transitioning more where you need new assets coming into the platform?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say, it's not just the transition. I mean, as we said, if you look at -- even though we have strong sales of our annuities, it's still down a few hundred million in net flows because we're really putting out there the variable with the guarantees, et cetera. But we had a nice pickup on those that didn't have it.  But having said that, I feel that there is a continuation in the wrap. And that continuation will come not just from a mix shift per se. I don't think that's where the large part is. We're maintaining very large cash balances still, and we -- our flows in are also very good.
Erik Bass: Okay. And you mentioned the impact of low interest rates, just a quick one there. What are you doing, I guess, to mitigate the impact of low rates on the bank and certificate products? And then on the other hand, if we do start to see higher interest rates -- has anything changed versus the last tightening cycle in terms of your sensitivity to upside?
James Cracchiolo: No. In fact, I think we sort of hit -- we feel like we hit a low point. I mean, if you're looking at what is discussed of whether inflation is there or not there, what the Fed may do or not do, it looks like there's more of the potential for it to go back with rates going up, I'll let Walter speak to a little bit of the actual rates or what we're doing with the bank to complement that.
Walter Berman: So obviously, the bank is very opportunistic now because, obviously, if you look at our sweep account rates, the 27 basis points. And we're now -- new money is being placed at 140. We're putting an emphasis on more duration than credit. So we see seizing upon the opportunity to be prudent about it, not to extend you on credit, but certainly investing out and picking up that spread. And you should anticipate there will be more sweet money to play on balance sheet.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: With long-term care experience in the second quarter, would you say that's back to completely normalized levels? Or do you think it comes down more? I know in March, it was about $5 million in earnings on the 1Q '21 call.
Walter Berman: Yes. Thanks, it's Walter. So listen, 1 month, 2 months don't make a trend. But yes, the numbers that we're seeing are certainly returning to the pre-COVID situation. Yes.
John Barnidge: Okay. Great. And then my follow-up, how should we be thinking about timing and efforts to reduce an extended cost left with the fixed annuity transaction?
Walter Berman: Well, okay, as part of our program. We are certainly always evaluating reengineering and the stranded cost, again, is manageable from the fixed annuities based upon the expense base it had in the allocation elements that we feel comfortable that we'll be able to neutralize that as we do our reengineering and evaluate within the RPS product and also across the firm. So we will be able to neutralize the majority of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hung-Fai Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Hung-Fai Lee: Just to follow up on AWM activities. Given the strong rep falls and transactional activities. But as you think about it, how much of that would you attribute that to pent-up demand since last year versus the productivity gains that -- from the actions you've taken? And how do you think about that going forward?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think it's a combination. So again, we know the market conditions are favorable, and we know the equity markets are strong. And that always lends itself to a consumer appetite to some speak about being comfortable investing. I think part of it is not just the market but sort of the economy reopening and the feeling that there's not going to be a big shoot a drop, so to speak, in the near term.  I would also say that part of it is definitely the capabilities we put in place and the engagement we have with our advisers. We've done a lot over the last few years. Just the idea is like we're one of the few firms that were able to like fully operate virtually with all of our capabilities with not losing a beat with our advisers or engagement with the clients. Our digital activities with the clients and the advisers is very strong. We keep on adding capabilities there.  We are integrating everything in an ecosystem that works together, not just putting tools on a platform and saying, "Hey, we got this service and look how great it is." And usually, when we talk to you about it, it's not something like we just like thought of or just introduced or just added. It's something that we really have tested out. We've proven. We've actually rolled it out, and it really works well.  And so I would just say that has added a lot to our advisers having this type of engagement with their clients and also with the way they're able to transact with the firm and the information that we're providing. So I think it's a combination of that -- all of that. I mean I can't sit here and tell you how much we got from each. What I could tell you is the feedback from our advisers is very positive about what we have enabled for them and how that's operating as they're working through things, including some of the capabilities we've added on the whole advice modules and what that does in client flows.  So that's why we feel good about our system. And we feel like when we do discuss these things with you, it's not vaporware. It's not something that we just like introduced, and we're making a big marketing play on it. It's something that we feel really comfortable that has been executed.
Hung-Fai Lee: So it sounds like if market conditions continue to be favorable or at least stable, at least for the near term that the current kind of activities level should be at least sustainable in the near term? Is that the right way to think about it?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I can't sit here and tell you there's anything that we see has changed that from what we're seeing. I mean, as I mentioned to you, at year-end and then the first quarter. I mean I don't have a perfect crystal ball and if the market fell out or the economic situation changed or COVID jumped back up in some fashion that closed parts of the economy, we may see some effect. But I think as we're just chugging along right now, we don't see anything materially changing that outlook. And so again, as I said in the first quarter, no crystal ball, but we feel good about the continuation of what we have.
Hung-Fai Lee: Got it. My second question is related to asset management. The margin clearly was very favorable this quarter. But at the same time, adding the BMO block will likely lower your overall margin for the segments, given the business mix. But if the market conditions remain stable, any reason why the margin at Columbia Threadneedle would not remain in the low to mid-40s percent range kind of going forward?
James Cracchiolo: No. I would say this, we actually feel like if Europe improves a bit, and our flows turn around there, margins will be a bit higher. I mean we offset foreign exchange and et cetera, we think that would be a possibility. But even if you sort, even where there's a level of margin compression or institutional flows or a little low fee base, we've been able to maintain a 52 basis points over the course of the year, that spread because we are winning some mandates and getting good flows in certain of our products that have the fees.  I think Europe, U.K. would actually be favorable if that started to turn around to add to that. BMO is not a negative at all. I mean that's what you're doing is you're weighing in like $100-and-something billion of assets that have an institutional base mainly. And with that, they have a lower fee.  But we think the revenue contribution will be positive and the float situation, we can make positive as well. And so really, that's all you're doing is you're doing the math. But if you said you're at the 40s now and that will stay, and then you just add the institutional, adding that component, it will come to whatever the number comes to, and we'll provide that to you as soon as we get a more fine-tuned breakout of it.  But I would say there's nothing that I would sit here to tell you would change in that regard at this point.
Hung-Fai Lee: Okay. So -- but it sounds like for Columbia Threadneedle, there's still more kind of operating leverage that you can get as if you will turn around.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Crédit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Maybe just to quickly follow up on Hung-Fai's last question about Advice & Wealth. So $9 billion plus in wrap flows for 3 quarters in a row, you're sitting at $39 billion in cash or north of that, actually. These are more than double or around double the numbers we would have seen 2 years ago before the pandemic. So I just want to make sure this is the new normal.
James Cracchiolo: Well, I think, Andrew, it's an excellent question. And I think you're right. I mean listen here sometimes when we compare it to a little of the level of activity that we saw just prior quarters or year.  I think if you do go back to '19, our level of activity or productivity, our margins on that productivity and the amount of flow activity has definitely increased. We do feel we're more productive. We do feel that we're starting to hit on sort of the right channels for that growth. But I mean, if I can define the $9 billion or $10 billion, is there something from some pent up, yes, is something probably in there. But to your point, our cash balances are up as well. So it's not as though we lowered the amount that's sitting in cash and just moved it into wrap. So I think you're right in what you're concluding. I was just trying to sort of talk about it more from a year-over-year basis.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And maybe just following a little bit up on Brennan's question. These M&A blocks are pretty active out there. Maybe you could -- I could take it from a different angle, are you getting a lot of incoming calls? And with those calls, maybe even in consideration that going forward, you would manufacture and ultimately reinsure the product as you move forward on new business?
Walter Berman: Andrew, it's Walter. As Jim indicated, certainly, we are getting inbounds. We're evaluating both from a tactical and strategic standpoint. And I would say there is clearly interest. And certainly, we're looking at the best shareholder implications to it, taking into consideration all aspects, including PE multiple and certainly recognizing the quality of the book. But we are certainly getting inbounds.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. And maybe just lastly. So the round trip of excess capital will be around $2 billion after BMO and the fixed annuity block gets completed. Any sense -- and you're doing a great payout ratio of about 90%. Any sense of the possibility that you might ramp that up a bit in the back half of the year and next year?
James Cracchiolo: I think, Andrew, at this point, we want to execute the BMO transaction. We just completed the fixed annuity. As we said to you, even before we did those things, we would target a nice return, which we're doing, and we're consistent with that. So you can keep that as sort of our base right now.  But I think it will depend on market conditions and a sense of what opportunity arises in that regard. And it gives us also flexibility. So I don't want to commit to anything at this point. We want to complete the BMO transaction as we go through and see how the environment is. But I would just say it's a real positive to have the hand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: First question, just on, Walter, how we should think about corporate following the closing of the FA deal. The -- are we going to see an amortization of the negative seed flowing through corporate? And can you give some indication for what the earnings impact is going to be going forward?
Walter Berman: Sure. So yes, again, we haven't finalized exactly, but it's a reasonable positioning to put it in corporate. And yes, there will be amortization of the negative seed, but let me put this in context. As we evaluated certainly the FA book and its trajectory going forward. It was -- this transaction is going to be a positive from a P&L standpoint.  Certainly, you would see, as you project, it will be higher than what you're seeing right now. But all the projections are it will be certainly P&L positive to us as we go forward. And that does not even take into consideration the use of proceeds as it relates to the freed-up capital. So it's risk and P&L wise, as you look over the term of this and certainly the freed-up capital aspects of it are certainly very positive.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So Tom, it would be positive to what we would be experienced if we maintain the fixed annuity book and the losses from that. On a relative -- I mean, in an absolute sense, it will still be some negative in each quarter and -- but, Walter, the size of the negative per quarter.
Walter Berman: You're going to see, okay, right now, you saw it in this quarter, we had $6 million loss. So as you look out to it, in '22, it's going to get pretty close to when the amortization and the other aspects of it will equal pretty much probably $10 million a quarter, something in that range.
James Cracchiolo: Okay. Andrew -- Tom, does that make sense to you?
Tom Gallagher: That does, yes. And that's -- and Walter, that's -- I presume that's noncash?
Walter Berman: Yes. That's exactly right. because it goes -- accounting goes, it's the amortization right.
James Cracchiolo: Right. And that's not the -- and that does not include like the use of capital if we were to use it for buyback or other things or so to offset that. But what I would say is if we held it, you would have had a higher numbers but this was a very reasonable and appropriate way, and it also freed up that amount of capital upfront rather than just over time.
Tom Gallagher: That makes sense. And as -- and just to come back to the question of potential risk transfer, so the fixed annuity deal is done. I heard everything you guys have said about that you're getting inbound calls and you're evaluating things. If we think about, we'll call it, the most likely path of outcomes here. Would it be something similar to FA where you might do a slice of your remaining risk, whether that's life insurance, variable annuities, even long-term care? Or would you be open to doing something far more strategic like a full divestiture of RiverSource Life? When you -- and how -- I don't know how closely you've really looked at it yet, but when you think about the drag on your valuation and your multiple today from those businesses compared to bid-ask spreads in the market? Do you have any sort of sense for whether you think it could be a meaningful positive and something bigger would make sense? Or do you think it's more -- going to be more bite-sized transactions?
James Cracchiolo: So Tom, it's an excellent question. And what I would say is we're evaluating a lot of different aspects. So as an example, if something optimizes us for slices, we will look at that. If something strategic that really makes sense from what we're doing for our system or a client, et cetera, it makes sense, we'll evaluate it.  So it's not as though we're just being myopic at this point. We're looking at it more holistic. We will look at what that generates for shareholders as well as what it is from a client value proposition. But when I say that, I look at it, so just think about it for that 20% that's remaining, again, outside of the LTC, which we manage, and it's not going to be an earnings for us.  The rest of the business that we have right now generates a very good return. Now there are subsets like low interest rates for like the IUL book is not as lucrative as the VUL and other things like that. But even our annuity book has a very good return. It's well risked, even the guarantee portion and well managed. And so if there are assets that are favorable for us to evaluate something different, and we also take into account the PE, we'll evaluate it. If there are subsets that like we did with the fixed annuity that sort of optimizes the book right now as other things unfold, we'll look at that as well.  So I can't sit here and give you a perfect again view of the crystal ball, but we're open and thinking about what makes sense, but we look at all aspects of that, not just the financial aspect in the short term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to go back to AWM for a second. Jim, you had mentioned that you brought in, I think, 42 experienced advisers, which is about half of what you guys would normally do. I know you said there's some focus on reopening, et cetera, but -- can you talk about the competitive environment for advisers? And do you think you could get back to that kind of 80-ish plus adviser recruiting per quarter kind of in the near term?
James Cracchiolo: Yes, Suneet. So I think, listen, as we went through the quarter, we didn't expect it to slow down as much. But for a combination, again, we can't put a fine point on it, but in speaking to our people, et cetera. It wasn't that there wasn't strong interest and that we're having good conversations. But it's sort of where like some people who were there wanted to delay it, some people didn't want to sort of like, well, the reopening and what I'm looking at the markets are what they are, et cetera.  So right now, our pipeline looks really good, and we feel like we'll get back to those numbers, and that's really and maybe even a little more favorable. But I would probably say it was just the way it came. Now is there a competitive market? Absolutely. There's a competitive market. And we're being disciplined as well because we don't want to just -- if it's not right for us, we don't jump at it, just like we want it right for the adviser we're recruiting in that we can help them be successful.  But I would probably say the second quarter, I wouldn't attribute it to competitive frame. I could attribute to a confluence of factors. And that's really what I'm getting from my people. So as I said, I'm not coming up with that myself. It's really what I got as feedback as I went through the system.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. That makes sense. And then just a few quick production questions. First in asset management on the North American retail business. Can you give us a sense of where the growth is coming from in terms of channels? How much of it is A&WM versus the third-party intermediaries? And then I'll have a follow-up for A&WM.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So we have strong flows across our system in the U.S. in retail as well as we had some nice flows in institutional. In the retail, it's actually across the combination of those channels. We've actually picked up share in most of the intermediary. In AWM, it's just they're getting their similar share just that our growth is strong. And so they're getting a piece of that action. So they're no different than the third parties as far as what we're seeing in the pickup, but it's across.  And also, I think we did mention that it's not in just 1 or 2 disciplines. We have a range of products that are actually getting. And I think if you looked at the industry outside of passive, there was a bit more of a slowdown like in the equity sales, in the active. Our equity has held up pretty well. So even though there was a little bit of a slowing in certain aspects, it was still quite good.  So we feel good about the retail and the consistency of it and the variety of products that we're putting in the market. I think where we had a little more softness was really in Europe. We had positives in Europe, U.K. was weaker previously. And now Europe slowed down a little just because of what happened in the environment, but we're hoping that will bounce back.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. That makes sense. And then the last one I had on production. I think this might have been asked before and I didn't hear the answer. I apologize if you said it and I missed it. But in terms of the wrap flows, can you give us a sense of how much of that is coming from sort of the newer advisers maybe that you added over the past couple of years versus the sort of what I would call installed base folks that have been around for a while?
James Cracchiolo: We're seeing -- so on the new advisers, we can see the consistency of the ramp-up. Our ramp-up has actually improved a bit, and we're actually, on a relative basis, for the industry quite good. We're at the higher end of that. But I would probably see the flows are really coming from the combination of factors, but the legacy advisers are really generating good flows, organic flows.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Sylvia, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, Sylvia, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise financials first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are, Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insights into the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials and on our website at www.ir.ameriprise.com. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectation about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our first quarter 2021 earnings release, our 2020 annual report to shareholders, our 2020 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. Below that you see our adjusted operating results, which management believed enhances the understanding of our business, by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thanks for joining our first quarter earnings call. As you saw in yesterday's release, Ameriprise is off to a strong start in 2021. We're continuing the positive momentum from the past several quarters, as you can see in our first quarter metrics and financial results. Regarding the environment, equity markets continue to rally in the first quarter, as vaccinations increased and activity accelerated with the U.S. beginning to open back up. The economy is gaining strength with the further fiscal stimulus, as well as better employment data. With this backdrop, key for us is that we remain focused on serving our clients. Engagement is high, activity is strong, and we're bringing in record client flows across the business. We ended the quarter with assets under management and administration of 36% to $1.14 trillion, a new high. In addition, we recently announced the strategic acquisition of the BMO EMEA Asset Management business. Taking a step back and looking at Ameriprise overall, I feel really good. We're executing well and delivering on our strategy for growth that we discussed with you. We continue to transform Ameriprise with wealth management and asset management, now representing over 75% of operating earnings. You've seen the financials, revenues are up 10% over $3 billion. Earnings per share also increased nicely in the quarter, up 27% ex-the NOL benefit a year ago, even with low short-term interest rates this year versus last year's quarter. And ROE remains very strong at 30%. While we continue to invest strongly in the business, we are managing expenses thoughtfully. With our strong financial foundation and free cash flow generation, we’ve returned more than $490 million to shareholders in the quarter through dividends and our ongoing repurchase program, which is comparable to the last few quarters. Yesterday, we announced another 9% increase in our quarterly dividend, our 17th increase since becoming public 16 years ago. Let's discuss Advice and Wealth Management, where we've been executing well and driving growth. We’re benefiting from the strategic investments we've been making to deliver a differentiated client advisor experience built on advice. We've been on a multi-year journey to take our client experience to the next level. A big part of that is the training and support we provide advisors and ensuring that the new digital tools and capabilities are fully integrated within their technology ecosystem. One of our most significant investments, our CRM platform is increasingly serving as the hub for advisors, allowing them to collaborate with clients while driving efficiencies. And we've seen good uptake as advisors integrate these capabilities into their practices. This strong engagement is helping to drive good client activity, excellent flows and new client acquisition, as we continue to build on our momentum from last year. Our total client net flows was strong at $9.3 billion in the quarter, with total client assets up 36% to $762 billion. Our investment advisory business continues to grow nicely. In the quarter, wrap net inflows were more than $10 billion, up 55% over last year. This is another record for us and reinforces our excellent client advisor engagement and focus on organic growth. Transactional activity continued gaining strength in the first quarter, picking up 12% over last year, with good volume across a range of product solutions. Even with clients putting more of their cash back to work, client cash balances remain elevated at more than $40 billion. And advisor productivity was strong, up 8% adjusting for interest rates.  And we're bringing on new advisors. Our virtual recruiting program is driving good results, with 93 advisors joining us in the quarter. Advisors recognize what we have to offer in terms of our culture, technology, and high level of support. And as more states reopen their businesses and economies, we're looking forward to connecting with more advisors in person, as we move through the balance of the year. We also continue to build out the Ameriprise Bank, with total assets grew to $8.8 billion in the quarter. As we discussed, we plan to move additional deposits to the bank over the course of this year. Pledge and margin loan volumes increased nicely in the quarter, as our advisors engaged with their clients with our lending solutions from a liquidity perspective. Wrapping up AWM, even with interest rates at all-time lows, AWM margin increased 90 basis points sequentially, ending the quarter at a strong 20.7%. Turning to our retirement and protection solutions business, we're off to a good start and continue to adapt to the low interest rate environment. We have been very proactive in this climate, as we serve client needs and prudently manage the business. Variable annuity sales increased nicely up 33%, driven by our success of structured products, as well as our annuities without living benefits. As a result, the percentage of VA sales without living benefits grew to 64% of total sales in the quarter. With regard to insurance, our focus has been on our flagship VUL product rather than IUL. In fact, VUL sales were up 76%. We're focused on making sure we have the right product for this rate environment, while maintaining strong underwriting. Overall, I feel good about how the Retirement Protection Solutions business is performing in this challenging environment. As part of the strategy, we are actively pursuing a reinsurance transaction for the remaining close block of fixed annuities, and we feel we can execute it in the near-term. Turning to Asset Management, we’re generating strong results. Our team is engaged, serving clients' evolving needs well, and driving profitable growth. I'll speak to the strength of the quarter and then comments on BMO’s EMEA acquisition. With the continuation of positive flows in markets, assets under management were up significantly increasing 32% to $564 billion. We're investing in the business, including in transforming how we use data. This is both within investments in terms of our use of data in our research, as well as in distribution. In addition, and also key is the thought leadership we provide and how we are targeting the right advisors to drive meaningful engagement. Regarding investment performance, our teams consistently generate strong performance for our clients. It's across all categories, equities, fixed income and asset allocation strategies. As an active manager, our research expertise is a key differentiator.  I'd highlight the Columbia Threadneedle ranked in the top-10 over the one, five and 10-year timeframes in the recent Barron's Best Fund Family ranking, one of only two firms that ranked in the top-10 across all time periods. We also won seven Lipper awards in the U.S. this year, and over 22 awards in EMEA over the last year. This level of performance bodes very well in terms of earning future flows. At quarter-end, Columbia Threadneedle had 103 four and five-star, Morningstar rated funds globally, which represent to close to 70% of our assets. This shows the breadth and strength of our product lineup. So, with this type of investment performance and the strong execution of our plan, you saw that flows continue to be quite strong. In the quarter, we had net inflows of $4.9 billion, an improvement of $7.3 billion from a year ago. Excluding legacy insurance partner outflows, net inflows was $6.2 billion. Global retail net inflows were $4.6 billion, largely driven by the traction was seen in North America, with driving higher engagement with clients and intermediaries, including with the larger broker dealers and independence. Sales and flows traction is broad, and we're working hard to maintain that. In the quarter, we had nine funds that generated over $250 million in net inflows, including five equity and four fixed income funds. In EMEA, we've seen good flows in continental Europe and a number of key markets. In the UK, we remained in outflows, however, we saw improvement in the quarter as the economy started to reopen there more fully, and we're hopeful that investors’ sentiment will strengthen. In terms of global institutional, we had net inflows of $1.6 billion, ex-legacy partner outflows, driven by our results in EMEA. We've made considerable progress in strengthening our consultant relations and client service globally. Consultants have increased their ratings on a number of key strategies in recent quarters. This is important in terms of our ability to gain additional mandates from existing clients, and grow our sales pipeline. As you saw earlier this month, we announced our strategic acquisition of BMO’s EMEA Asset Management business. The acquisition is right in line with our strategy that we consistently discussed with you. It will add complimentary capabilities and solutions, with their established strengths and responsible investing, liability-driven investing, fiduciary outsource management and European real estate. It will also expand our scale in other traditional asset classes, especially in European fixed income. And recent flow trends in their EMEA business have been favorable. In addition, post close, BMO’s North American Wealth Management clients will have the opportunity to access a broad range of Columbia Threadneedle Investment Management Solutions. From an asset management perspective, we gain important geographic diversity. Upon close, EMEA's AUM will increase significantly to 40% of total AUM at Columbia Threadneedle, which provides a good balance to the U.S. business. We've always been a disciplined acquirer, and we expect this transaction will add to our strategic growth and generate a good return over time. Importantly, as we executed the team will remain focused on maintaining a strong business momentum. So, for Ameriprise overall, we're in an excellent position. The business is performing really well and delivering strong results. Based on the current environment, we feel comfortable that we will continue to generate strong returns with a strong balance sheet and substantial free cash flow. With that, Walter will cover the quarter in more detail, and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered a strong quarter of financial results and excellent business metrics, which are a direct result of our continued execution of the strategic priorities. We continue to demonstrate strong performance in our core growth businesses of advisor wealth management and asset management, driven by ongoing organic growth and expense discipline. At the core, we remain focused on accelerating our mix shift through specific actions. For example, our recently announced strategic acquisition of BMO’s EMEA Asset Management business will expand key capabilities in attractive and growing market segments, while also adding to traditional asset classes. This provides a larger combined capability to meet client needs. We have high confidence in the financial benefits from the acquisition as well. It will be accretive on a cash and operating basis by 2023, generating a 20% plus IR, and have a payback period consistent with the Columbia acquisition of eight years. In addition, we have established a strong partnership with BMO in North America, which we expect to generate strong profits. We are actively engaged in a fixed annuity reinsurance process and anticipate finalizing the transaction shortly. Lastly, we continue to effectively manage our risk profile and continued profit mix shift to lower risk and higher margin requirement and protection solution offerings. A diversified model continues to generate robust free cash flow and strong balance sheet fundamentals. We remain on track to return approximately 90% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders in 2021. Let's turn to Slide 6, Ameriprise's strong underlying business performance and activity levels in our core growth businesses continue to neutralize headwinds from short-term interest rates. As a reminder, this will be the last quarter where we have a reduction in short rates distorting the year-over-year comparison. Excluding the impact from interest, Ameriprise's adjusted net operating revenue grew 13%. Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses profitability continues to increase. With adjusted pre-tax operating earnings up 35%. General and administrative expenses continue to be well managed. Excluding the impact of share price appreciation on compensation, G&A expenses were up 2%, as we remain disciplined, executing reengineering initiatives. In total, we delivered excellent underlying EPS growth of 27%, excluding the net operating loss tax benefit, and very strong margins in the quarter. Turning to Slide 7, as Jim mentioned, Advice & Wealth Management continue to deliver excellent organic growth during the quarter, with total client assets up 36% to $762 billion. In response to the request from many of you, we are now disclosing total client flows, which increased 21% to $9.3 billion. From a product perspective, we had a terrific growth and our wrap flows, up 55% to $10.4 billion. Cash balances remain elevated at $40.4 billion, with a substantial opportunity for clients to put cash back to work in the future. On Page 8, financial results in Advice & Wealth Management were strong, with underlying adjusted operating earnings up 30% to $389 million, after the $78 million interest rate headwind. Adjusted operating net revenues were up 16% to $1.9 billion, driven by client flows, improved transaction activity and higher market levels. On sequential basis, revenues increased 6% from strong performance, despite fewer three days in the current quarter. Expenses remain well-managed, and we continue to exhibit strong expense discipline. G&A expense increased only 2%, and included higher volume-related expenses, bank expansion, investments for future growth and elevated share-based compensation. Pre-tax adjusted operating margin was 20.7%. Adjusted for Interest rates, the margin would have been 215 basis points higher. On sequential basis, pre-tax operating earnings increased 11%, and pre-tax adjusted operating margin expanded 90 basis points. Turning to Page 9, the significant growth and asset management was due to our investment engine, that is driving revenue growth through consistent investment performance and compelling thought leadership, leading to increased client engagement. Net inflows in the quarter was $6.2 billion, excluding legacy insurance partners, and $8 billion improvement from a year ago. Adjusted operating revenues increased 21% to $828 million, reflecting cumulative benefits of inflows, favorable mix shift towards equity strategies and market appreciation. The prior year quarter including an unfavorable impact from a performance fee adjustment, General and administrative expenses grew 12% from higher compensation expense related to strong performance, Ameriprise share appreciation, as well as the costs associated with increased activity levels. Adjusted for compensation-related expense, G&A increased a more moderate 5%. Putting this together, pre-tax adjusted operating earnings grew 45%, with a 43.9% margin. We continue to be very encouraged by the continuation of positive flow trends and strong profitability. Let's turn to Page 10. Retirement protection solutions continue to perform in line with expectation in this market and rate environment. While, we have a strong book of business from a risk perspective, we continue to execute our strategy to improve it further. In the quarter, 64% of retirement product sales did not have living benefit guarantees. This sales shift is already having an impact on our enforced law, with the account value of living benefit riders down from 65% to 63%. In protection, sales were flat, as we continue to see a meaningful increase in higher margin VUL and a significant decline in indexed Universal Life. These mix shifts are expected to continue going forward. Financial results continuing to be in line with expectations. Pre-tax adjusted operating earnings increased 10% to $183 million. We had a steep drop off in claims falling January's high level, and we were approaching pre-COVID levels of claims by the end of March. This business is very well-managed. Net amount of risk remains among the lowest in the industry. And our hedging remains very effective. Let's turn to Page 11. In total, the corporate and other segment had a $21 million loss in the quarter, which was a $29 million improvement from the prior year. Excluding closed blocks, the loss in the corporate segment was $63 million, which included a $15 million investment gain, largely offset by $11 million of higher share-based compensation expense. The year ago quarter had $11 million benefit from Ameriprise share price depreciation. Long Term Care had $46 million of earnings in the quarter. The high COVID-related mortality and terminations we saw in January declined in February and March, and we're approaching pre-COVID levels by the end of March. This benefit was partially offset by the COVID claims level in life insurance. Fixed annuities had a $4 million loss related to the low interest rate environment. As I mentioned, we're making good progress on our fixed annuity reinsurance transaction. Now let's move to the balance sheet on the last slide. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain extremely strong, including our liquidity position of $2.3 billion at the parent company, substantial excess capital of $2 billion, 96% hedge effectiveness in the quarter, and a defensively positioned investment portfolio. Adjusted operating return on equity in the quarter remains strong at 30%. We returned $491 million to shareholders in the quarter through dividends and buybacks. We just announced a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend, and we are on track with our commitment to return 90% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders this year. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, Jim or Walter, I was hoping to start maybe with some trends you guys are seeing in Advice & Wealth Management, obviously another really strong quarter, particularly in the wrap account flows, as you pointed out over $10 billion, and thanks for the new disclosure on the $9 billion for total. I guess the first question is there, just kind of around sustainability, particularly in the wrap flows. And maybe we can tackle it from a perspective of kind of given us a breakdown of how much of this is coming from existing clients sort of reengaging, given the fact that market backdrop is better versus new assets coming from either recruiting or same-store sales?
Jim Cracchiolo: Alex, this is Jim. Good morning. So, I think we're seeing good growth coming from all of the areas you've mentioned. We see a good additional flow coming from current clients, as we're deepening through the Advice relationship, that we've been really having our advisors really engage with clients on and the deepening, but we also see good new organic growth from client acquisition coming in as well from our advisors. And as a complement from recruits that we've added over the last year, as they transfer their book, they're bringing over some of the clients. But I would say, it's a lot coming from the organic growth from our core base, both for new clients that our advisors are bringing in, as well as current clients, where they are deepening the relationship and bringing in more of those flows as well.
Alex Blostein: Got it. That's great to hear. Shifting gears, maybe we can touch on the BMO acquisition. So, I'm hoping to get a little more details on that property. So, it sounds like the flows there are positive, maybe you can talk to sort of the sources of growth and kind of what products are driving flows in that asset? And I guess, more importantly, are you thinking about any risks from attrition, as we can typically see in an asset management acquisition? And then from a financial perspective, I guess, Walter that one was for you. I think, I heard you say accretion to operating earnings by 2023. I think, you guys are paying for this with cash, so I guess why is the deal not immediately accretive? And, I guess, within the same lines, maybe kind of help us with a jumping off point for revenues and pre-tax income, pre and post synergies for that asset? And a bunch of things in there, but strategic and financial highlights would be helpful?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So, what I can say really, is that we know right now that the EMEA BMO area is in inflows for the last number of months through the first quarter. They're seeing it. And some of their core programs and initiatives, the ones that we sort of laid out to you are the strategic capabilities, that we think that will really enhance and strengthen our areas to really get a more formal presence on the continent there, but also that we could leverage globally. We feel like as we go through this transaction, since we're not really what I would call meshing together, both investment process or distribution capabilities in some of those areas, they are more of an add-on to us that we shouldn't suffer. As you mentioned, a bit more of an attrition going through that process, we feel very comfortable that we're adding there people, we're adding the capabilities. And what we're spending more time integrating will be more of the back and middle offices, adding our capabilities, which are much more state-of-the-art, much more current in what can - we can provide them technology-wise and support-wise. And so we feel like it could be a win-win. We always factor in when we do a transaction, there is always some breakage, you can't really determine how much it is, but we always factor in that in thinking about a deal. But we're hoping that that would be one that will not be significant, based on what we're looking to do here, which is very different than merging and integrating front offices and people from that standpoint. We like their capabilities. We think that those capabilities which are added distribution globally, can actually enhance their flow picture as well. But we didn't count on the revenue flows, when we did the deal to make it like a make or break. We really look at this from having the cost synergies from the back and middle office, plus what they think they can grow, plus what we can add and then we complement that with our distribution as a plus. And so, we feel like this is really good strategic, is exactly what we were looking for. As a complement, it is one that we can easily handle through the excess cash and balance sheet that we have. And it doesn't take away from the organic growth that we want our people to continue to focus on in the Asset Management business.
Walter Berman: Alex, it's Walter. So, obviously, the BMO is generating an EBITDA, but again, it's a division of a large corporation. So, commenting on that number would be a little problematic. We certainly have done our analysis of it. But the big reason, obviously, for the - take the accretion in 2023 is the central amount of one-time expense that we will be absorbing between now and that timeframe. We feel very comfortable and that's why we gave you the book ends, as relates to the IRR on it and certainly the elements of payback. So, we are working through right now and certainly will keep you abreast as we go through this and get additional information as we go.
Alex Blostein: Gotcha.
Walter Berman: We feel good about the fundamentals of it.
Alex Blostein: And as we find with a typical kind of M&A transaction, are these integration charges going to be backed out of your operating reported results? Are you guys going to leave those in, because you think about 2022?
Walter Berman: No, as we normally do, Alex, we will back them out like most firms do.
Alex Blostein: Yes, makes sense. All right. Thanks very much, guys.
Walter Berman: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to start with Asset Management and the very strong margin that you guys reported in the quarter, the 43.9%, well above your 34% to 39% target. So, was there anything unusual in there that we should think about, perhaps normalizing in the balance of the year? And relatedly, what kind of gets you back down into the range? Is there an expectation that maybe investment spending will increase in the back-half, just want to get a sense of the trajectory of the margin? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, Walter why don’t you handle the first part and I'll handle the second.
Walter Berman: Yes, there is nothing unusual in this quarter. Suneet, what we do is getting the benefit of the leveraging, and the fact that we do not have wind in our faces relates to the outflows. So, it's really from that standpoint, it's solid performance on the inflows. And we feel the expenses will remain well-managed as we go forward. But it is really the benefit of the inflows and the market, nothing unusual.
Jim Cracchiolo: And when we look at going forward, longer-term, I mean, in the current period as markets hold, we don't see that reverting back to in the 30s at this point in time. I think longer-term, it's hard for us, because there's a business mix, as we said, even adding the BMO transaction, which is largely institutional. There'll be some differences there just don't fee, not that they don't have -- they have good sees, but on a relative compared to a retail side. So there are those various things. And as you know, there's always a mixed change that occurs over the longer-term and based on markets and a number of other factors. But, from a cost perspective, we do not see anything that would cause a problem. And then from a revenue, you can see that our fee basis has been holding pretty well, based on new assets that we're adding versus anything that a trading. So it's nothing in the near-term, it's just longer-term. It's hard to predict. We'll have to do some further work depending on, what happens over the course of the year.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then on the retail flows, can you give us a sense of how much of that activity is coming from AWM versus the third-party channels?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, I would say overall, we're getting very strong flows from our third-party channel. Ameriprise has picked up a bit, but in totality, it's really coming from the third-party channels. And so, I would say we feel really good. We've actually grown our share in seven of the eight top distributors in the U.S. We're getting it from a number of different disciplines, the broker dealers, the independence, all areas, et cetera. So, we feel very good. And we have a broader lineup that is actually selling pretty well. This is actually a time when even fixed income kicked in for us, where we were more equity. Now we are combination of getting good equity and fixed income has picked up as well. So we really feel good about the broadening there.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then just the last one for me, if I could. Just on M&A more broadly, obviously, the BMO transaction is what you're focused on. But anything that you guys are still needing to or desiring to have from an M&A perspective? Or do you pretty much have what you need post-BMO in-house?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we actually feel like the BMO was one of the primary areas that we wanted to really complement, which is growing a bit more and balancing out for more of the solutions-oriented business, a little more institutional business, a little more weight for our distribution, particularly in that area for EMEA. So, we feel like that was our primary focus in what we were looking to do if we did it an incremental acquisition right now, and we want to concentrate on getting that integrated well. We feel like we got good momentum in the core of the businesses, both in U.S. as well as what we think we could expand internationally with some of our capabilities, now institutional as well. With the products that we have, we got some very good consultants have approvals and ratings, which we think will expand our platform capabilities to what distribution. So, we're feeling pretty good about that. That was one of the things that we wanted to focus on in the near-term, and we think that this deal gives us some of that ability here.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken from UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. And thanks, actually, for the total client flow disclosure, the net new assets across the Wealth Management business. Certainly, that helps to show the strength of the business. I was curious if it's possible to get a longer historical time series for that data. And maybe, for right now, how indicative is the roughly 5% total organic growth rate that is reflected in the three quarters that you disclosed? How does that compare over time to sort of the organic growth rate implied by the total client flows over a period of a few years?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, I think I'll have Walter respond a little. What I can say is that, and we've always sort of mentioned, we feel like the numbers. And I think, Walter's team is trying to reconcile going back based on the definitions they utilized, which is I think the ones being utilized in the industry a little more today. Our client flows, we think are pretty close to sort of a wrap flows. There may have been a period just after the sort of the discussion on the DOL, et cetera, where there was more of a shift from some brokerage activity to the wrap that we saw some blips in some of those initial quarters. But I think if you go back over the last number of quarters, you probably see more of a client flow close to again the wrap flows. There may be some timing issues, quarter-to-quarter et cetera, but I think that's along the lines. But Walter, you know, you know more?
Walter Berman: Yes. So right now, we're working on that and so we will follow-up and get you to 2020. But what Jim is saying, I believe is a good representation of it. So, if you give us a chance, we'll get that out as we look at the new definitions and openings of the data. Okay.
Brennan Hawken: Yes. Great. Thank you for that. Much appreciate it. And helpful to have the high-level indication. Thank you. So for my follow-up, another question on AWM. It was really good to see advisor headcount pick up here this quarter. So why not get a little bit more aggressive on the recruiting front or in a bolt on M&A to try to grow that headcount more rapidly? Effectively, when we look across a lot of the wealth management peers just to get the best valuation and stock tend to have solid growth in net new assets and in advisors. And obviously churn is an impact. And so what steps do you think you can take to continue to kind of grind down churn? And then, is maybe picking up on the aggression for recruiting something that you think is compelling at this point given where the market is for the advisors? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so good question. I think, the way I'd probably answer that would be that, we will continue to look at bringing in good advisors to the firm, and we could probably a bit more there and we're reviewing it. But very important for us, we want to bring in the right advisors that fit the brand, the culture, the compliance, understand what their focus on growth. We don't want to just pay advisors to join us or be part of a network and process for them. We want to have advisors join us that we can help grow their productivity, grow their client relationships, have great client satisfaction, be with us a long time that really builds on the culture and the brand. We think we have a great value proposition for advisors once they join us, both from how we onboard them, how we give them support, the leadership, the technology, the capabilities. We just don't want to roll up a bunch of firms or independence and just associate and process for them, per se. So that's very important to us. I think we could probably, maybe we could be more aggressive out there. But we also think it's very important for the long-term. The other thing we really spent a lot of time different than other competitors about this rolling up advisors, is that we focused on our 10,000 advisors growing their productivity, having strong client satisfaction. And I think when you compare us, the last time we did that analysis, which we update, we're more than 2.5 times any independent on annual productivity growth, on a compound basis for a long period of time. And the same thing against the warehouses. So that's where we put a lot more of our energy. But, to your point, we complement that with having good recruits and having good retention. And we'll continue to look at whether we could step that up, or there may be some other firms, small firms suited to our cultural mix. But that's what we've been focused on and we've been successful with.
Brennan Hawken: Great. Thanks for that color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. I wanted to go back to the advice and wealth and that $10.4 billion in net wrap flows, just a phenomenal number. And I'm kind of thinking back to pre-COVID and it seemed like a normalized range, and a very good range would have been $4 billion to $5 billion. And it's kind of gradually jumped up. And now I'm looking at the deposit base of $40.4 billion. And so my question is, what's the right strike zone for wrap net flows? Is it $10 billion? Is it $6 billion to $8 billion? Where do you think a normalized number is? And given $40.4 billion in deposits, what can we look toward in the near-term?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, Andrew, I think it was a very good question. You with someone else, a couple of people had asked from the fourth quarter on a similar basis when we had a good pickup in flows and client activity as well. What we've been seeing is, and it's probably a combination of factors. I mean, we have a reopening of the economy. I think people have starting to feel a bit more comfortable. I think the markets have done well. So there's a little bit of that where people feel a little more comfortable in what they are doing right now. And so, I think that's part of it, because of the positive nature of the reopening and the vaccine rolling out et cetera. But I also feel part of it is a level of engagement that our advisors are also having with their clients. We've really rolled out our whole foundational advice in complement through our comprehensive advice. We have over half a million of our clients already have goals online that are very active with. We have been rolling out our integrated technology in the way our advisors continue to connect with clients and understand the nature of what conversations they should be having. We'll be rolling out more tools along those lines. So, we feel like we've stepped up on level of having the advisors engaged with the clients and giving them a lot more of the tools and capabilities to do that more seamlessly in an integrated fashion. And I think that's having some effect. I mean, it's hard for me, not knowing the market cycle, and some of the things popping up around, but I feel good that we're going to continue to at least continue to gain those type of flows. I can't predict whether it's 9, 10, eight, six, or whatever. But I feel like we're in a good spot right now. And we're very focused on helping that to continue.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. So, very good momentum. And then thinking about the long-term care block, which earned $46 million versus what one would normally, we expect to be breakeven. And I suspect, there were some COVID effects that caused that uptick in earnings. Where do you see earnings going over the near and intermediate-term in that line item? And then secondly, given that rates have come up a bit a lot in the last 12-months, do you think that there's a stronger possibility that you could divested that block? Is there interest?
Jim Cracchiolo: Walter, I'll go with you.
Walter Berman: Okay. So Andrew, on the $46 million, that is the realization of unfortunately the mortality and lower basically new entrants into nursing home, the frequency. So as we indicated, that is starting to slow down in March. It basically dropped to around $5 million. So, we're seeing, we're gauging it. And certainly we've gotten the benefit of the situation with COVID. But we have our programs that are working, as we indicated our benefit of programs, our price increases and other things and the claims are being well-managed. And same with the expectations. So, I can't say but certainly by the trend, it's slowing down now, as relates to the situation with COVID.
Andrew Kligerman: And just interest in the block itself from acquirers?
Walter Berman: We, again, certainly the interest rates certainly affect that. And we certainly, we will evaluate, and certainly the bid is coming in, and we are open to evaluate the elements within that. But again, we feel we have this LTC under control, but certainly, we would look at opportunities to reinsure that.
Andrew Kligerman: And maybe if I could just sneak one quick one in at the end. Just G&A overall was up 2% ex-the effect of the stock and so forth. So, as we look forward, and hopefully the market opens up, could you give any insight into what we could expect would be the overall growth in G&A, given that travel and entertainment might pick up? Do you think we could see a real sharp pickup in G&A? Or do you have a way to just kind of keep it under control as we move forward?
Walter Berman: It's more of the latter. I think we as you noted, we are managing our expenses well. And even with the return to what G&A and other things of that nature, we believe we will stay in a more controlled situation with that. And as you know, normally we get questions on AWM, to range on that is, you saw 2% and we think it's going to be in the 3%, 4% range. So well-managed, as we go forward.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. A few follow-ups on AWM. Yes, appreciate that new disclosure on total enterprise flows as well. I guess, if we split those two businesses, Walter, how did the revenue yields and margins compare between wrap and non-wrap businesses for you? Because, clearly your flows are being driven by wrap. Our presumption has been wrap has much higher margins and fee yield, but just curious if you can quantify that?
Walter Berman: Well, we have very strong transactional activity in this quarter, so obviously, that drove a good profitability for us. And as we look at the margins and the profitability of these programs, they are both very good as timing, as you know, in wrap, you get your P, as relates to it. On the transactional, you'll take it upfront or it's very much back loaded. So the profitability of these are certainly with from a data standpoint, extremely good. And distinguishing between them, they're just different, and they fit into the conference retirement approach that we take. So they're necessary for our clients, but they all generate good, acceptable returns to us.
Tom Gallagher: And, Walter, just to follow-up on that. So from your perspective, there's not meaningfully better margins, if you, I guess normalize and you spread them out over the life of the business between wrap and non-wrap. Would that be a fair characterization? Are they just different?
Walter Berman: They're different, and they'll both generate good returns for us. They really do. They are different, and different characterizations meet different needs, and timing your profitability. But they both really do generate acceptable and good returns.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just a question on the weighted average gross field for the cash type deposits. You break out last quarter was 69 basis points, this quarter it was 65. The rate of change is clearly slowing. Given what interest rates have done recently, do you think we're near a bottom? Assuming their clients continue to maintain these high balances and these accounts, do you think we're closer to a bottom or levelizing? Or do you think we might still see a little downward pressure on the margins?
Walter Berman: I don't see downward pressure on the margins. I do see, obviously, we're evaluating from our standpoint, investment opportunities that we have for that product, and certainly looking now at duration versus credit. But I would say, it certainly has slowed as you noted, but I can't say whether it's bottom. But it certainly slowed. And we're evaluating now looking at both the asset side of it, and then we'll see what happens on short-term.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks. And then one final one, just the fixed annuity transaction, I think the expectation was, it would garner approximately $700 million, I believe. Interest rates have changed meaningfully, though, I don't know whether that would meaningfully impact your execution price on that or not. And then also, just to confirm, are you guys really at this point, just focused on an isolated fixed annuity deal? Or have you considered broadening out whether that's to Andrew’s question, long-term care or variable annuities, or life insurance, or at this point, it's really just fixed annuities?
Walter Berman: Right now, we're focused on fixed annuities, as Jim and I have indicated. We are working on that on to bring that to closure. And yes, interest rates do affect it, but the range that you're talking about should be certainly achieved from that standpoint. And as I indicated to Andrew, we do get constant requests for evaluation of different offers, and we evaluate them. But right now, we're focusing on the fixed annuity.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. On the transactional activity in AWM, can you give us any sense of if it's remained elevated as you have gone through April?
Walter Berman: Yes, I believe it is continuing. Again, this is preliminary information coming in. But yes, we're seeing still continuing trends.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then on the fixed annuity reinsurance, do you view that as providing additional capacity for buybacks above and beyond the 90% that you target? Or should we think about that more as replenishing capital that you'll use for the BMO transaction?
Walter Berman: Well, again, we are sitting in strong capital position now, as we indicated our excess capital is in $2 billion, certainly, we're going to generate strong capital or free cash flow going forward. This transaction will replenish. You can look at it that way, the BMO transaction and then we make our decisions, looking opportunistically what's the best way to deploy that. But at this stage, we're sitting in very good position. And certainly the fixed annuity transaction will certainly offset the BMO substantially.
Ryan Krueger: And then just to confirm that the 90% capital return target is just buybacks and dividends and excludes the M&A, is that right?
Walter Berman: That's right. Yes. Our 90% is buybacks and dividends. Right.
Ryan Krueger: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC.
Kenneth Lee: Hi, good morning. And thanks for taking the question. I'm wondering if you could just remind us how sensitive Ameriprise's earnings? And specifically, within the Advice & Wealth Management, how sensitive the earnings could be to any potential Fed funds rate increase? And more specifically, just wondering whether you could potentially see a benefit immediately. Thanks.
Walter Berman: The answer is, you will see a benefit if you're talking about AWM on the Fed funds. And so, if you look at, say $25 billion, looking at just concentrating on the sweep accounts, it's $250 million from over a year period on 1% encouragement, that's the dimensions of it. And then it's a matter of gauging how we return that to the client. But normally you have a differential between when the Fed fund changes and then we evaluate the competitive situation. So, that's trying to dimension it from that standpoint.
Kenneth Lee: Great. That's very helpful. And just one follow-up if I may. Wondering, within the asset management side, why don’t if you could just talk about some of the contribution that you're seeing from any solutions-based mandates? And one could also just share with us how this could potentially change once the BMO EMEA Asset Management acquisition is integrated? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, institutionally, and even from a retail, we've been getting sort of mandates a little more that our solutions oriented. And we also, as you also know, have a UK real estate property business, and we have a smaller U.S. business as well. So this would complement it nicely and bring some of that advanced capability in Europe to there. We know ESG is very big, and they're a leader in ESG, as well. And we've been ramping up our activities in ESG in the UK, for European activity and UK activity. So overall, we feel like it'll help us hit the ground, running further in Europe. But we're also looking to further use that solution capability complementing what we're already doing in the last for the U.S. And we think that that will give us a greater ability to bring in more solutions-oriented business for the longer-term. So, I don't know if that answers your question. But we had invested in solutions, we do have some of the different strategies already coming to bear for some of what we're doing internationally and domestically. But this would advance us further.
Kenneth Lee: That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Just hoping you can provide some more color on the potential opportunity from the BMO Wealth Management relationship in the U.S.? And how meaningful could this be in terms of incremental flows or AUM?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So in the U.S., we're looking to first provide our platform capabilities to BMO Wealth Management. But, in addition, we'll be looking to convert some of their activities over to us on the retail side for us to actually manage those activities for them. And working with BMO now we've crafted a relationship and arrangement on that. We're not purchasing their U.S. business, but we're working on sort of an agreement, revenue type agreement, as well as a distribution agreement to pick up a level of their activities there. I don't have more detailed information right now, Walter, I don't know if you have it.
Walter Berman: No, not at this moment. I think we're just working up from that standpoint to our transfer clients over and we're discussing with them to just what Jim has indicated. And anything we've talked about before, as related to the financials, that does not include that aspect of it.
Erik Bass: Got it. So, this would all be potential upside in terms of kind of revenue synergies, as well as, obviously you don't have the assets, so there's no attrition, it would all be wins that would kind of be incremental flows in the U.S. to the extent they emerge.
Walter Berman: Yes.
Erik Bass: Perfect. And do you have a sense of what their total AUM is in the U.S., kind of asset management business that could be up for grabs?
Walter Berman: We know the amount, but we just don't know what's going to transfer over. So, I'd rather not say. This time they're working on that right now.
Erik Bass: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: No further questions at this time. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Shelby and I’ll be your operator for today’s call. At this time all participants in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, Sylvia and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on Slide 2 you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insights into the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials and on our website at www.ir.ameriprise.com Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectation about future events and overall operating plan and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter 2020 earnings release, our 2019 annual report to shareholders, and our 2019 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, we see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter. Below that you’ll see our adjusted operating results, which management believed enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thanks for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. As you saw in our release, Ameriprise delivered an excellent quarter and a very strong year, considering the challenging operating environment. In the quarter, equity markets rallied on positive vaccine news, the outcome of the U.S. election and the likelihood of further fiscal stimulus. The strength of our advice value proposition, investment expertise and solutions are translating to our business results. Client activity inflows in the quarter continue to be very strong. And we set new records, including ending the quarter with assets under management and administration of $1.1 trillion, an important milestone. Revenues in the quarter were quite good, up 3% to over $3 billion, driven by strong business fundamentals and positive equity markets, offsetting the interest rate headwinds. Earnings per share also increased nicely in the quarter, up 8%, and ROE remains very strong at 36%. During the quarter, we continue to make good investments in the business as well as continuing to execute against our reengineering goals, resulting in a 1% decline in G&A expenses. We're always looking to drive efficiency and invest strategically to extend our position. It's core to how we operate. We also returned more than $500 million to shareholders, which was 90% of our adjusted operating earnings and among the best in financial services. For the full-year, we returned close to $2 billion. Very clearly, our ability to consistently generate substantial free cash flow as well as to reinvest and return to shareholders are key differentiators for us. Let's turn to Advice & Wealth Management, where we delivered a very strong and good organic growth. Beginning with our clients with delivering a differentiated level of advice, keeping clients focused on their goals, which was key in a volatile, disruptive year. Total client assets were up 14% to $732 billion, driven by excellent client flows and positive markets. As you know, we've built a leading investment advisory business, and it continues to grow nicely. In the quarter, wrap net inflows were close to $8 billion, up 82% over last year. This was another record for us and a great indication of our excellent client adviser engagement and focus on growth. Another highlight was transactional activity bouncing back and up 5% over last year. And client cash balances continue to grow and ended the quarter at $41.5 billion, up $2.1 billion from last quarter. Meanwhile, we're continuing to invest to make our offering even more compelling for clients and advisers. We continue to see very good engagement in our digital capabilities, allowing advisers and clients to interact and transact seamlessly, and the majority of clients now have their goals online and follow their progress. Our advisers are utilizing our tools and capabilities on our integrated technology platform. They are reporting that they're processing business more efficiently and spending more time with their clients and growing their practices. That's evident in increased financial planning and adviser productivity, which was up 8% adjusting for interest rates. You've heard me share that one of the greatest benefits of being an Ameriprise adviser is our caring culture, including truly best-in-class support and strong field leadership. I recently spoke with all of our field leaders to kick off the year. They're energized about Ameriprise and are focused on continuing to drive productivity and growth. This high level of support is also reflected in our recruiting success. Our virtual recruiting program is extremely effective and continues to drive strong results with 82 experienced advisers joining us in the fourth quarter. We're recruiting top advisers from across the industry who recognize that Ameriprise offers value proposition, technology and level of support that can help them deliver an exceptional adviser based client experience and take their practices to the next level of success. And we have a track record of helping advisers grow 2.5 times faster than peers which is very compelling from a competitive perspective. So far, in 2021, this momentum continues, and the recruiting pipeline remains strong. It was also great to see that our client service teams were once again recognized by J.D. Power for the excellent experience they deliver. This certification recognizes best practices from the highest performing contact centers across all industries, not just financial services. Regarding the bank, total assets grew to $8 billion, with $7 billion of sweep deposits. We plan to move additional deposits to the bank this year. We also added pledged loans to the product portfolio in the quarter, and we're seeing a good response to date. It's an appealing product for high net worth clients seeking liquidity. Wrapping up AWM, margin was strong at 19.8% and was up 60 basis points sequentially. As I mentioned earlier, expenses continue to be well-managed with G&A up only 2%, and that includes investments in the bank.  Next, Retirement & Protection Solutions. This business is performing well and in line with our expectations. We're executing our plan to drive a mix shift in the business, focusing on higher returning products given the rate environment, which is further reducing our risk.  Variable annuity sales increased nicely, up 20% driven by the success of the structured product we introduced earlier in the year, more than offsetting reduced sales of living benefit products. Very importantly, this increased the percentage of VA sales without living benefits, which grew to 58% of total sales in the quarter.  In protection, while sales were down 4% year-over-year, we've seen improvement quarter-to-quarter. Sales of our flagship VUL product doubled in the quarter, offsetting the reduced sales from IUL products. This product both better meets clients needs in this rate environment while generating good returns for the firm. Clearly, as Ameriprise continues to grow overall, the Retirement & Protection Solutions segment will represent a smaller part of our business mix over time.  With regard to fixed annuities, I know some of you are interested in our progress regarding a reinsurance transaction. We are actively looking to execute a transaction this year and are encouraged by the recent uptick in the 10 year rate.  Turning to Asset Management, we continue to build on our progress and have a great story to share as an active manager. The team is serving clients well in driving profitable growth. We continue to have excellent client engagement and investment performance. The investments we're making, including in data and digital are helping to drive organic growth at Columbia Threadneedle with strong results in North America.  We're targeting advisers better and delivering a compelling experience. And importantly, we strengthened our relationship with our distribution partners across regions, including with the large broker-dealer firms and independents in the U.S. We're also investing in our operating platform including important work to reduce duplicate legacy systems.  In the quarter, we completed the final phase of the installation of our global trading portfolio management system, which will help our investment teams and drive additional efficiency and scale globally. With a continuation of positive flows in positive markets, assets under management grew 11% to $547 billion.  Our Asset Management business is making strong contributions to our overall earnings and free cash flow. And margin for the quarter was nearly 40%. Looking ahead, we expect to remain in the 35% to 39% range. However, if these market levels hold, we should come in at the higher end. Strong investment performance has been essential to our success, and our teams have been collaborating really well through this pandemic.  We have steadily invested to build a strong global platform with a disciplined research focus. And our people are delivering exceptional performance across all categories: equities; fixed income; and multi-asset strategies.  At year-end, Columbia Threadneedle had 108, four and five star funds, which shows the breadth and strength of our product line-up. In equities, on a global basis, over 70% of our funds on an asset weighted basis were above medium while beating benchmarks over one, three and five-year periods and that's across domestic and international strategies.  With regard to fixed income, we also had great performance. More than 75% of our taxable funds on an asset weighted basis were above medium or beating benchmarks over the same time frames. So with this type of investment performance and the growth focus across the business, flows continue to be strong. Overall, excluding former parent outflows, we were net positive $8.3 billion for the quarter, an improvement of $4.1 billion from a year ago. In terms of total retail flows, excluding former parent, we were net positive by $7.7 billion, including reinvested dividends. These positive flows were driven by continued momentum in the U.S., where we were net inflows for 10 months of the year, and that included this location in March. For the quarter, U.S. retail had $7.1 billion of net inflows. In fact, 30 Columbia strategies were in net inflows and 10 had gross sales in excess of $1 billion in 2020. And that's across equities, fixed income and our multi-manager lineup. In EMEA retail, we were in net inflows of more than $600 million in the quarter with particular strength in Continental Europe, which more than offset outflows in the U.K. We're optimistic that the resolution of Brexit and the gradual reopening of the U.K. economy will be positive in terms of investor sentiment. And in terms of global institutional, we continue to gain traction, have a significant opportunity and platform to grow. We have a compelling lineup of capabilities and excellent investment performance. We recently added to our Consultant Relations team and strengthened client service. In the quarter, we had net inflows ex forma parent of about $500 million, driven by continued strength in EMEA. The pipeline looks attractive across our regions. So when I look across asset management, I'm very pleased with the momentum over the last number of quarters and ability to sustain them. Stepping back to metal price overall, we’re in a terrific position. We are delivering strong result and further reinforcing our record of navigating uncertain times. I'm incredibly proud of our employees and advisors and the resilience that they've shown during this pandemic, they've stayed focused on our clients while continually and drive the strong results you're seeing. Nearly a month into 2021, I feel very good about the high level of client engagement and business activity that we're generating. From a capital perspective, we're continuing to deliver a differentiated level of return. Our balance sheet fundamentals are excellent and we're generating strong free cash flow. With that, Walter will cover the quarter in more detail and then I'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered a strong quarter of financial results and excellent business metrics, with adjusted operating EPS up 8% as strong underlying organic growth more than offset headwinds from low interest rates. Assets under management and administration reached a record $1.1 trillion including nearly $15 billion of inflows from RAP and asset management. We achieved our targeted reengineering for the year while investing for future growth in Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management. We continue to effectively manage our profile with continued mix shifts to lower risk, higher margin, retirement and protection solution offerings and are actively exploring additional reinsurance opportunities. In 2020, we returned over $1.8 billion of capital to shareholders. Our strong balance sheet fundamentals, coupled with sustained underlying business growth are driving free cash flow generation across our business segments. This positions us well as we enter 2021. Let's turn to Slide 6. Ameriprise adjusted operating net revenue grew 6% driven by strong underlying business trends and equity market appreciation. After excluding the benefit of $92 million of higher short-term interest rates in the prior period, general and administrative expenses are down 1%, even as we make investments for growth, including the bank. Expenses also include higher compensation associated with the impact of AMP share price appreciation in the quarter and strong business performance. We are able to achieve this result through disciplined reengineering initiatives. In total, we delivered strong underlying EPS growth, excluding interest rates of over 20% and very strong margins in the quarter. Turning to Slide 7. As Jim mentioned, Advice & Wealth management delivered robust organic growth. We continue to benefit from sustained traction and experienced adviser recruiting, a personalized client experience, effectiveness of our digital tools and success in reaching more of our target market. As you can see in these core areas, we had strong growth in client assets, wrap flows and adviser productivity. This is a good foundation as we move forward. On Page 8, financial results and advice wealth management was strong, with underlying adjusted operating earnings up 19% to $352 million after the $92 million interest rate headwind. This was driven by strong wrap net inflows, improved transactional activity and higher market levels as well as continued expense management. Pre-tax adjusted operating margin was 19.8%, which would have been 160 basis points improvement year-over-year, excluding change in interest rates. On a sequential basis, the margin improved 60 basis points. Turning to Page 9. Asset management delivered very good financial performance and continued improved flow trends. The cumulative impact of outflows has been a significant headwind for us in the past. As flows improved this year, that has declined, and if inflows continue, this would provide a tailwind for us in 2021. In the quarter, we had inflows of $8.3 billion, excluding former parent related flows, which is a $4.1 billion improvement from a year ago. Investment performance, table stake for net inflows is excellent across a diverse product set. Adjusted operating revenues were $798 million. Revenue increased 7%, reflecting improved flow trends, stable fee rate and market appreciation after normalizing for the timing of the performance fees. General and administrative expenses remain well managed, reflecting disciplined expense reengineering that funded investments for growth. Adjusted for the timing of performance fees and other compensation related expense, G&A increased 2%. Putting this together, pre-tax adjusted operating earnings grew 13% with a 39.5% margin. Overall, we are very encouraged by the continued progress the business is making that is resulting in both strong flows and financial performance. Let's turn to Page 10. Retirement and protection solutions continue to perform in line with expectations in this market and rate environment. We are executing our strategy to shift our risk profile. In the quarter, 58% of sales were on products without living benefits, up 24% a year, driven by our new structured variable annuity product, along with the decline in sales of VA products with limping in benefits. In protection, sales were down 4% in total, with a meaningful increase in higher-margin VUL and a significant decline in index Universal life, a product that is not as attractive in this rate environment. These mix shifts are expected to continue going forward. Financial results continue to be in line with expectations. Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 1% to $180 million. Like the industry, we are seeing an uptick in claim counts related to COVID-19, but we've experienced a limited financial impact. Overall claims were more favorable than the prior year. This business is well managed. Net amount at risk remains among the lowest in the industry, and our hedging has been extremely effective. Turning to Page 11. In total, the Corporate and Other segment had a $60 million loss in the quarter, which was a $39 million improvement from the prior year. Excluding the closed block, the loss in corporate segment improved 23% to $79 million. The prior-year period had elevated losses related to impairments in the affordable housing portfolio. The current year had approximately $24 million of incremental compensation expense related to the impacts of share price appreciation and company performance. In our closed blocks, long-term care had $21 million of earnings in the quarter due to a significant increase in terminations and lower new claims. Fixed annuities had a $2 million loss related to the low interest rate environment. We continue to evaluate opportunities to execute additional reinsurance transactions this year. Now let's move to the balance sheet on the last slide. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain extremely strong, including a liquidity position of $2.3 billion at the parent company, substantial excess capital of $1.9 billion, 98% hedge effectiveness in the quarter and 97% for the full year as well as a defensively positioned investment portfolio. Adjusted operating return on equity in the quarter remained strong at 36%. We returned $502 million to shareholders in the quarter through dividends and buyback, totaling over $1.8 billion for the full year. Overall, this was an excellent result for the quarter. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: I'd like to start with the Advice & Wealth Wrap net flows. I mean, $7.9 billion was phenomenal. Just 1.5 years ago, we thought the run rate was just a little over $4 billion. Could you give a little color on the background? What drove it so high this quarter? And what kind of a - what might be a sustainable range?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, Andrew, this is Jim. We continue to see a good pickup of activity over the course of the year. We were still having very strong wrap flows even in the prior quarter, as you saw in our results over the year. But we saw a bit of an increase in the fourth quarter. We actually grew our client base. We - our new client acquisition picked up even more. And we saw a good level of activity with our advisers. Now some of that could be people feeling a little better as the vaccine came about as well and the idea that the economy and activities would continue to open up. But I would probably say we've seen a more consistent strong flow coming in. So, we feel good about the underlying growth factors. And it was both from the legacy clients that we have organically as well as some new clients that we added.
Andrew Kligerman: And then with regard to general and admin across the board, I mean, just a real solid outcome, down 1% year-over-year. I think earlier last year, you were guiding to about $125 million expense general admin decline year-over-year. And it was down about $76 million as we looked at the quarter. And I think some of that was the share price. Some of that was maybe other investments that you were making in the company. But just kind of looking forward, could you kind of see another $50 million pickup getting back into that $125 million objective, could you go further? Where are you looking toward G&A into 2021?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So we definitely more than achieved the reengineering goal that we mentioned to you of $125 million. So that's embedded in our numbers. I think what you're seeing overall, and we've been talking about that, not just for like the fourth quarter, but over the course of the remaining part of the year after the pandemic. And so we had increased our reengineering goals in that regard, and we did achieve them. Our expenses are being managed very well. But I would also say, we did also increase some investments we were making. We wanted to accelerate because of the great productivity we're having to even add a bit more in some of the technology and the capabilities that we wanted to bring to both the advisers and from a client perspective and our web activities. So our investment agenda last year was actually a bit higher in total dollars than in the year before. So that was embedded in our numbers. What I would say is the pickup you saw in a little bit of expenses were more from the stock price appreciation and what that does in some of our deferral programs on a mark-to-market. And that absorbed and some true-ups and some compensation based on the year and the strong fourth quarter. So I feel good about the expenses going into the New Year. I think they will increase if the economy opens up a bit more as we bring travel and T&E and some other expenses back to some extent. And we continue our investment agenda. But I think we're going to manage expenses pretty well. And you can - you know how we do that over time, but we'll continue to look at the business growth, the revenue growth and the market climate as we do that.
Andrew Kligerman: Maybe just lastly, on the fixed annuity block, I think you lost what $2 million in the quarter. Target was to free up about $700 million in capital, but with kind of a money-losing line like that, do you think you'll get close to the $700 million? And how imminent is that fixed annuity block sale?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. I'll let Walter respond on the fixed annuity side.
Walter Berman: So as Jim said and I said in my talks, we are certainly actively looking. And we do believe that certainly, we have freed up the capital that's there. And then we have to gauge the basic and then in implications of the rate, but we certainly feel that we will free up a reasonable amount of capital, and we're working to evaluate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling and Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Just staying with AWM for a moment. The transactional activities for mutual funds and loan duration products appear to be back to pre pandemic levels. Can you talk about how they trended throughout the quarter and what you are seeing into January?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we definitely saw a pickup as we went from the second to the third to the fourth quarter in transaction activities, and they got back more of that to a normal level. In fact, they were up 5% over the year before is fourth quarter. So, we felt good. The pickup was, as you mentioned, both in the brokerage activity, but as well as in some long duration. I mean even in our business where we sell our annuities, there was a strong pickup and continued in our structured annuity business and even a pickup in the insurance business. So we feel like we've gotten back to a more normalized level, and we're thinking that, that will continue as we go through the New Year.
Humphrey Lee: And then in terms of kind of capital deployment, as you plan for 2021, can you remind us kind of how you think about capital deployment priority in terms of returning to shareholders versus M&A for whether it's AWM or asset management?
Walter Berman: Yes. So we have a consistent capital deployment strategy, as you've seen over the years, we first of all, make the right investments in the business that we think are good and appropriate for us that will get strong growth and productivity from. From there, we then evaluate the opportunities that may, from both - continuing to us to increase our dividend, buyback appropriately based on the free cash flow that we generate, which is very strong, but we also evaluate acquisition opportunity. And in that regard, we do see that there is more opportunities coming about, but we're very disciplined of what would strategically help us grow, what we can get good returns what would fit into both our culture and the environment to keep us on track. And so we will continue to evaluate that, we have excess capital that would help along those lines, as well as, you know, what we would do as we look out based on the cash that we generate. So that's the way we look at it, we haven't changed that philosophy. And we'll continue to focus in that way as we move forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay, Mr. Walter, I just say that we're still targeting about 90% for this year. I think your question was on buyback.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. I guess on the M&A side, just to elaborate a little bit, is any kind of preference between scale versus capabilities?
Jim Cracchiolo: We look more for additional capabilities, and that will continue to add our ability for us to grow. I mean, in certain acquisitions, it does provide some additional scale, we do and we've invested heavily into our platform, capabilities and technology that we could add more assets with very minimal costs. So we feel that we have that ability as well. But, primarily, we look strategically about how we continue to round out and have a strong quality asset manager globally.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Campbell from Barclays.
Jeremy Campbell: Just want to stick there with asset management for a minute here and you give some good color. But, hopefully, you could spend some time going a little more detail around the fun flows, and kind of just wondering, which high performing strategies maybe showing accelerating inflow momentum? And maybe if there are strategies that are showing either fading, a fading headwinds or an inflection from outflows, the inflows, any color there would be would be fantastic?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think if you look at our supplemental, you'll see, first of all, we've had very strong investment performance across our fun family. I mean, particularly if you look at, take equities as an example, are beating the benchmark on the one, three and five year, three and five years especially strong. Our fixed income strategy is strong. Threadneedle is having very strong performance across their range. So we feel like we have a broader good lineup of funds, as I mentioned to in my talking points, there were over 30 funds in that gross more than a $1 billion. We had good net inflows and a number in the range of funds, so it's broaden from where we were. So we are continuing to see good flow in equities, or particularly in the income-oriented equities across a lineup. We're seeing a pickup in activity in global and European activity in some of our funds there. In fixed income, we see it in certain of our income ranges, like mortgages, et cetera. And you also in equities, and manage the - we have risk allocation funds that are doing well. You know, and also growth and we're probably going to see a bit more of a shift a little bit more into the value maybe, which we have a lineup there as well. So I would say it's broadened out, so I would also reckoned that, if you look at our lineup in equities, it's been very strong as from a flow perspective.
Jeremy Campbell: And then anything notable that that's maybe inflected from outflows, inflows over the past year as the overall numbers have improved?
Jim Cracchiolo: I don't have that in front of me. We can look at it. I would probably say, you know, we've seen some turnaround like in like, some of are more concentrated funds that may be the performance wasn't as strong previously that has bounced back, where, you know, just based on the lower sales activity, there's always a level of redemptions. And so you move into a net outflow. But I think some of those have really rectified themselves in some of our fund groups like contrarian and a few of the larger fund areas like that, that are seeing some nice performance, our select growth area, et cetera. So it's some of that is more of a - yeah, to your point a little bit more of a turnaround or adjustment in - picking up the sales and lowering of the redemptions?
Jeremy Campbell: And then just one final one, just a clarification on the fixed annuity block. I think, you know, one thing we've heard in the industry is that that with rates rising in the last quarter of the year, like the bid/ask has widened out a little bit. You know, what are you guys seeing around demand for that, that, you know, block of assets, especially, now with, with Blackstone getting even bigger among the alternative guys that have already played in the sandbox there too.
Jim Cracchiolo: Walter you want to?
Walter Berman: Yes. It's Walter. We're seeing good demand, as you're indicating. And certainly while our spreads are widen well, excuse me, rates are widen. We've seen some narrowing spreads, but we feel very comfortable. We're ranges that transactions can be executed.
Operator: Next question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Thanks for taking my question. Just one on the advice and wealth management business, we’ve been seeing a nice recovery in margins over the last few quarters? Just wondering, if you could just give us a little bit of a color around where you think margins could trend over the near-term? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think what we would probably say is, we see the trend line continuing, we see our advisor productivity as still quite strong up. I mean, if you adjust for sort of the interest advisor, productivity was up, 8% or more. And that's across a very large base. And so that's really positive, we've seen a pickup as is you saw in our flows and fees - our financial planning is up. So, I would say that, we want to continue to see that trend line of the margin continued to accrete. We also think we sort of hit a low point on the interest side of that. And over time, as we deploy a bit more into the bank, and get some spread there, that will be helpful as well. So, I would probably want to see that a margin continued to be targeted to get back into the 20 plus percent range.
Kenneth Lee: And just one quick follow-up just on that sixth annuity reinsurance again, and it sounds like, it's not too much dependent on 10 year yields further rising. But just want to check in to see whether the outlook for executing your transaction is predicated on any further increase in 10 year yields? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I would say, we're in the - we're in the range, and certainly, from that stand, because - with the rates where they are and looking at the spreads that transactions can be done. So while certainly be beneficial, if you get a higher rate coming in. But we are certainly feeling comfortable in this range. And we are - as Jim indicated pursuing.
Operator: Next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Just - I guess a follow-up on what you're thinking on risk transfer, is one of the reasons that we haven't heard that you've executed a fixed annuity deal yet, because you're considering doing something broader on risk transfer, potentially, including long term care or other insurance businesses, or should we think about those potential transactions being done separately?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, Tom, I would probably say as we look at it, and I'll have Walter comment. We always evaluate our businesses and look at them both individually and collectively. But there's nothing that ties together, us doing a fixed transaction, fixed annuity transaction versus evaluating something in addition to or different than. So Walter, I'll let you.
Walter Berman: Yes. So let me just say this. On fixed annuities, there's a higher confidence. And clearly, that from our standpoint, that's what we're focusing on. And but as Jim has said, we will entertain and look at that from that standpoint, the quality of our book and the earnings and everything, it certainly has potential, and we will continue to evaluate it. But right now, we're focused on fixed annuities.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. The other thing I would say, Tom, is as you saw, we have shifted our emphasis and also both the new business being put on, but also the current business, derisk a lot in our book, just like we had closed off fixed, are shifting now to structured from guarantees, are shifting from fixed insurance to variable, which is a better product, both for the client and us in this rate environment. So we're continuing to change that mix and the shift of that mix, but we will definitely continue to evaluate if there are other books that could be or should be reinsured or that would make sense for us.
Tom Gallagher: I guess a question on advice and wealth. The - and Jim, I heard your comments about I guess, the confidence in terms of the quality of the flows, and is it fair to say that the move-up to almost $8 billion of wrap flows could be a new level that you might be able to sustain? And I guess just relatedly, I just want to make sure there was nothing unusual or unsustainable in this quarter's result, like big ticket, new advisers transferring assets over? Do you feel like this could be a new higher level for AWM?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say, Tom, as I mentioned, all of the full - mainly the increase of the total flows, we've had more of an ongoing of bringing in new advisers. And so there is nothing special in the fourth quarter. It was a continuation. I mean we continued to bring in a good level of top advisers in the industry with good production. But as you saw, that's been consistent. Third quarter, we brought in good, even the second quarter after the pandemic that picked up nicely and the first quarter was good. So - now that continues as an ongoing trend line in the spot of numbers. But I would say that it was more of increased activity from our current client flows as well as new clients that are current advisers we're bringing into the franchise. Now, whether that continues at 8 billion being the base? I can't tell you that, right? I think we all saw a pickup in some level of activities in the fourth quarter and the industry clients put some more money to work because maybe it’s a bit more optimism of the opening. But I would say underlying it, we feel good about the activity, the level, it wasn’t like it went from $2 billion to $8 billion, it was $6 billion in the third quarter. So - but whether it's eight, or seven or six, I can’t tell you that exactly, I mean, there is always some level of seasonality et cetera as well. But I feel good about the underlying, and I feel good that there will be a good underlying trend there as we move into this year, if there is no major disruption. So that’s what I would say.
Tom Gallagher: And then Walter just one final one. The tax rate moved up a little bit, can you talk about how would you think about modeling it over the next year or two, should we see a little bit of an increase because of the mix moving to some higher tax businesses now?
Walter Berman: Yes. So I think we pretty much hit our target for the yearend. And you are correct, I would say probably a good number think about. It will move up because of the business mix shift. And we're, I would say, move up maybe to 18% would be something like a reasonable number.
Tom Gallagher: 18 in 2021 and 2022 would you think? Or
Walter Berman: No, this is 2021
Tom Gallagher: Just - more gradual.
Jim Cracchiolo: 2021 best guess right now, and that's without any change in tax laws, obviously.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to go back to the retail flows. If we just think about it at a high level, it seems like over the past couple years on a gross basis, your gross inflows have been, you know, tracking around 13 billion a quarter and now we're at something like 16 billion for this year, or for 2020. I guess the question is how much of this improvement would you say is due to unperformance and how much of it is due to, sort of, structural changes around distribution platforms and, and how you can prove your positioning there? If there's any way that you can help us think about that?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think, Suneet it's a combination of factors. I think we've definitely - first of all, we have - we've had some strong investment performance, but I think it's been very consistent. And it's been, and now, for some that were underperforming, has bounced back nicely as well. So across a larger range, we have very good performance. So I think, you know, investment performance is part of a given here of what's necessary. I think that the team has done a really a great job of broadening the distribution, getting better relationships established more on the various platforms, and the due diligence and et cetera. I think we have a wide range of products that are wider range that have been considered than in the past, as well, and particularly in certain categories that are making sense, like I said, an income categories. So I think it's a combination of factors that we worked hard at over the last number of years that is starting to show some good results. You know, we've made a lot of investments both in the AWM business to continue to get flows and productivity and the same thing in the asset management business. You know, we continue, we actually completed our whole trading and attribution platform. You know, in Columbia Threadneedle, the ability to share research globally has improved the ability to actually get more data and analytics, informed to our investment people, our distribution people to improve targeting to understand where there might be some good opportunities. I actually think that Europe showed a nice bounce back, remember we had to go through a lot of change there of establishing a whole European lineup of funds with Brexit. And it sort of took us out of the market a bit for a while. And now that we're we've got that lineup established, we saw really strong flows into Europe, this last quarter. UK still a little weak, because sort of, Brexit in the economy being closed, but we still see some signs that you know if that can open with Brexit, you know, moving to another - completion there that that would also help. So I think it's a combination of factors, just as you said, I wouldn't point to one, but that's what gives us a good feeling as we move forward.
Suneet Kamath: And then I guess, moving to AWM, if we look at the capital that you have in that segment, you know, up about 300 million year-over-year, I'm assuming that's based on the capital you're putting in the bank. So the question is, how much capital, would you be willing to put in the bank to support growth? And how do you think about that, sort of, the trade off in terms of capital that you could use for other purposes, and then growing the bank.
Jim Cracchiolo: So I would start, but I’ll let Walter to complete. I mean, we feel like as we can continue to derive good margin and good returns from the bank activity as a compliment to get greater spread or growth in various loan books there, like, our pledge assets was growing nicely in the fourth quarter, we took over half of that book back. And it - the growth is being picked up, which is - will be a good product for us. So we feel very comfortable continuing to add capital as required there. As you can see, all overall returns for the total firm are up in the mid to upper 30s. So it's not as though we have a return issue. And would still, even with that, our cash flow and what we generate is strong. So it still gives us a good capital that we could continue to return or look for organic acquisition. So I don't think that is going to be a pressing issue for us. But, Walter, if you have something to comment.
Walter Berman: No. The only thing I'll add to that is that, we have in our plan allocated additional capital for the growth that Jim was talking about and feel comfortable where, obviously, return is, certainly good, when we look at it relative to the off balance sheet. So we feel comfortable with that. And to - then maintain that risk return equation. So, yes, we have allocated more capital to it, and we have the capital to do that.
Jim Cracchiolo: And also Suneet, as you can see, whether we evaluate the sale and do a transaction of fixed annuities, that will free up capital there, or even lighten some of the areas of where we’re having some of the fixed books.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: A couple of follow-ups around the asset management business as well. Could you guys talk a little bit about the - around sort of the incremental improvement in retail flows that we've seen for several quarters now? And by the way, it feels like that's continuing into the New Year, which is great. But that incremental improvement, how much of that is coming from AWM versus third party distribution? I know that's been a big focus to comping some bigger third-party distribution platforms. And as that occurs, how sort of does that mix shift, if it's meaningful at all, sort of impact the profitability for AMP as a whole? So in other words, like if you get much bigger in third-party distribution, does it impact sort the net profitability from wide kind of flows that are coming through those channels?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, I'm not sure I understand the second part of the question. But would I - I would first - for the first part, I would say, we've seen a nice pickup through the third-party channels in complement to Ameriprise. Ameriprise actually picked up a bit. But what I would just say, it is no different than what we're seeing as a pickup across the major distributors that we have. And so, both have been positive in that regard, because of the combination of the products that were put into market and the performance, et cetera. From a regard to what does that mean, the economics between the internal sale and the external sale to us is the same. I mean, we pay the same on it. The fees are the same on it, et cetera. So I'm not sure there is a material difference in that way. But, overall, as you continue to get good flows, I think the return will be good for us.
Alex Blostein: If no material difference, then what can skip like that second part? I guess when it comes to M&A, you gave a little - you've given a little bit of color. So it sounds like, if you were to do something on the asset management M&A side, you're kind of looking at capabilities over capability type of deals over big deals for scale purposes alone. So, what are the capabilities that you guys still find compelling, in particular to better complement the rest of your platform?
Jim Cracchiolo: So I would say, Alex, as we look at our business, we look at our business, we have a good line-up. We have scale. We have a global platform today. It's not as though, however, I could say, we have everything we would want in fixed or equities or solutions in all parts of the world. So I think we individually evaluate that from sort of sort of the core of what we do manage today, as well as looking at more of the type of platforms that are necessary. So we're growing a bit more in our solutions business. We're adding some alternatives, some real estate and things like that over time. So it's more of all their other distribution capabilities and other methods to add to and how we manage assets for clients, things like that as well as from a product perspective. We're not against adding scale. Let me be very clear about that. But it would have to be a transaction where it gives us a complement of things rather than we just want to put assets on the platform.
Alex Blostein: All It sounds like a pretty wide range thing, I guess. Just a quick follow-up for Walter, I think there was an early question on G&A, at a firm-wide level, not - I know people like to ask about AWM, but if you think about for a while G&A, about $3.1 billion in 2020. It sounds like that could grow a little bit if maybe T&E comes back and things like that, what is a reasonable growth rate for 2021 of that $3.1 billion number?
Walter Berman: As, like I said, we're managing expenses so well, and we're looking at the environment, but I would say that you should look for a couple of basis points that we will evaluate on that a couple of cent points on that. That's the range as we look at it. And we're looking to again, sticking to our investment strategy at the same time with our reinsurance programs, but that's a reasonable range, a couple of percent points.
Operator: Our Next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I just had a quick one. Could you talk a little bit about your expectations for further growth in the bank over the next year? And the opportunity to move more sweep assets there?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I'll begin and let Walter. So we see an opportunity to continue, as we said, both for the movement of some of our sweep activities further into the bank. As you saw over the course of last year, we moved the bank up from roughly $4 billion to $8 billion. So we gradually started to shift more into the bank. We see that continuing in the 2021 here in the New Year. We're also trying to add more on the product capability, like we picked up the pledged loan book. We launched the mortgage product. We'll start to look to add some deposit products, other deposit products so the latter part of the year, maybe into next year. So there are different things like that we're looking at. But we feel the opportunity that we'll continue to shift a bit more into the bank on a gradual quarterly basis as we move forward.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Walter, do you want to add anything?
Walter Berman: No, no. I think to the other part of your question, we certainly have the capacity of our wealth balance sheet to accommodate, what Jim just said to in the plans that we filed to grow the banks and the capital. So we have certain position with that.
Operator: Our last question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Can you help us think about the overall organic growth in the AWM business, we can obviously see the wrap net flows in total client AUM? But are there other metrics you can point to that help to paint a more holistic view of organic net flows and new client growth, and how this compares to some of your peers?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean, I could probably say that organic growth in client acquisition is up. Nicely, both for the overall client base, but in particular, also for what we would call the targeted clients that we want in the five to five category. That has been nice and strong and picked up nicely as we went through the quarters in the year. The flows from the current client base, continues to be good and actually pick up further in the fourth quarter, as I said to you. The years that we're bringing in and the business and production they're bringing in, continues along the trend line that we spoke to you about, particularly as we continue to move more years into both the employee channel and the independent channel, and that has picked up nicely and continue to add scale to us. So, it's a combination of factors. We continue to get more efficient based on the technology we deploy that helps advisers concentrate more on their client engagement and can actually focus more on what they can do to deepen. Our advice formula is working really well. We have more than 50% of the majority of our clients now have goals online that they can track and progress with and see very visibly of what they're doing and executing their strategies. So all of those things, we feel really strengthen the underlying core of the base. And so remember, with the client base we have, with the deepening we have with those clients, with the further engagement around advice and with our advisers now feeling a little more comfortable dealing with the pandemic that they can go out and get more new clients and add clients in this environment or as the environment improves, and open, I think, will be a positive for us. So, I can't judge it against any particular. I know a number of our competitors have - if I look at what the warehouses were reported, et cetera, I think we're standing pretty strong against that. If I look at competitors that have acquired and have added through acquisitions, of course, you're always going to see an increase because of what's put on from that end on a comparative basis. So I can't necessarily separate them. But I feel organically and from a core business, we're doing very well.
Erik Bass: Thank you, I appreciate that. And then, just one question for long-term care. Obviously, good results this quarter. How are you thinking about the potential for IBNR, given that people may be eligible to make a claim, but haven't because of the pandemic and not wanting to enter facility or have people come into their homes? And I guess related to that, the improvement in the books performance over the last year. Does that have any potential impact on your ability to execute a reinsurance transaction for it?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Walter, you've been working closely on that so.
Walter Berman: Okay. So we - as you saw this year, we saw improvements both, unfortunately, termination and less people entering into long-term facilities care. We have not built any of that into our unlocking assumptions, and we are not - again, we're monitoring the situation. And we're seeing. But with the programs we've put in place, both on premium increased benefit shifts and things like that and the claims that we're seeing, and we feel very good about the book, and it's risk protected risk situation.
Erik Bass: And - so no change really in terms of the either appetite for reinsurance or kind of ability to execute on something...
Jim Cracchiolo: We see some interest in it. We feel very good about the position of the risk profile that we see. But certainly, we've seen some interest and we'll just continue to evaluate.
Walter Berman: I think as we continue to see what is happening both in our book, but also as we evaluate client behavior or happening what's in that regard. I think if anything, the risk profile continues to look as more favorable. And as people better understand what that is in the marketplace and what they might be interested in, I think it does open up some additional thoughts or opportunities possibly as we go forward. So I think we're very open to continue to see how that plays out and through, and maybe that will provide other evaluation and opportunities as we go along.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Sophia and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, Sophia and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Third Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our Web site. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insights into the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call maybe forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our third quarter 2020 earnings release, our 2019 annual report to shareholders and these may be supplemented in our third quarter 2020 10-Q report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the third quarter. Below that you'll see our adjusted operating results, followed by operating results excluding unlocking which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. We completed our annual unlocking in the third quarter. The comments that management makes on the call today will focus on operating financial results, excluding unlocking. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning and thanks for joining our third quarter earnings call. Clearly, the operating environment in the quarter had ongoing challenges with both elevated market volatility and the impact of extremely low interest rates. While there has been good growth in equity markets, volatility has returned given the election and the unknowns related to the virus. Overall, I feel very good about how Ameriprise is performing against this backdrop. Client activity and organic flows are strong, which is a real positive as we operate through this pandemic. We continue to invest strategically to further enhance our position. In addition, our capital strength continues to be a clear differentiator. Our results are good considering the environment extremely low interest rates pressured our results, which is why revenues were down 1% with adjusted operating earnings per diluted share, down 1% excluding unlocking and the sale of the Auto & Home business. Due to significant move in short-term rates, revenues and earnings were reduced by $116 million year-over-year. This precipitous drop in rates muted the underlying revenue growth in earnings, which would have been up 3% with EPS up 18%. We've offset some of the interest pressure with good expense management. In fact, G&A expenses were down 5% year-over-year and we will continue our disciplined efforts here. We continue to have good margins and generate substantial free cash flow, while we invest in the business and return to shareholders. Our return on equity remains well above many peers at 35.5% ex unlocking. In terms of assets under management and administration, we ended the quarter with a record of nearly $1 trillion. Let's begin with Advice & Wealth management, client activity and flows the good, the Ameriprise differentiated advice value proposition works well both in this environment and for the long-term. Total client assets increased nicely up 9% to $667 billion with strong client inflows including $5.2 billion in wrap flows, which is a 26% improvement over last year. Meanwhile, transactional activity picked up from the lows of last quarter and although it's 3% below last year, it is returning to more normal levels as conditions improve. Client brokerage cash balances are very high 24% year-over-year. And as opportunities arise over the next few quarters, we expect clients put even more of their money back to work. Being digitally enabled with extensive web and mobile capabilities has been core to the excellent client engagement and the client satisfaction we're driving. We're working with clients really well in this environment and we're getting very positive feedback. Our advisors are helping their clients stay focused on their long-term goals, which they can track online. We're also receiving great feedback from advisors about our integrated ecosystem of capabilities, which is helping them operate their practices remotely, processed business efficiently and serve their clients well. This high level of support gives us the ability to help advisors to be more productive. Advisor productivity was up 3% in the quarter, even with the slowest summer months in this pandemic and the low interest rates. The significant drop in short rates also muted the underlying growth in productivity, which would have been up nicely at 8%. Turning to recruiting, we welcome 99 highly productive experienced advisors to the firm in the third quarter. Activity continued to pick up over the summer as our virtual recruiting program helped us connect with even more top advisors across the industry, including from wire houses, independence and our IRAs. The fact that we had such good success in getting advisors to move during this period points to the strength of our value proposition. We’re using our capabilities to engage more advisors and onboard them quickly in this environment, the pipeline continues to look good. In regard to our banking activities, we had more than $6 billion of sweep deposits and 7 billion of total assets at the bank already. And we expect to continue to move additional sweep deposits next year. We also launched our mortgage program nationally and we will be adding pledge loans in the fourth quarter. Our lending capabilities are a great complement to our advice value proposition and the bank allows us to help clients with both sides of the balance sheet. AWM margin which was strong at 19.2% and that's what the full weight of interest rates. In fact, the margin is up 160 basis points from the second quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, expenses are well managed with G&A up only 3%. Keep in mind that that includes investments in the bank, as well as increased volume related expenses from business growth. So as we grow from here, we feel good about our ability to continue to drive margin improvement. Now I'd like to move to retirement and protection solutions. As we discussed with you, we continue to reposition the business to reflect the interest rate environment and our conservative risk appetite. We're managing our books in a very intentional way in terms of product changes, sales priorities and product exits. As part of the strategy, we moved our close blocks of fixed and fixed indexed annuities to the corporate segment. And we continue to reassess reinsuring our close, fixed annuity in force blocks. Additionally, we are proactively shifting our variable annuity mix away from products with living benefits. In fact, on new structured products and variable annuities without living benefits represent 56% of total VA sales in the quarter, more than double where it was last year. And this complements the wide range of competitive products from other firms that we offer in our channel. In protection, we're taking similar steps with a focus on growing our high-end margin, VUL and disability products. In fact, we saw a strong pickup in VUL sales of 58% year-over-year. We reduced our focus on IUL as it is less attractive in this interest rate environment. You can expect that we will continue to manage the business in this manner. And this will help accelerate the shift in our business mix to wealth and asset management. Now I'll turn to asset management where the improvements we've been making are translating into good results. Assets under management at Columbia Threadneedle were up 6% year-over-year to nearly $500 billion. In terms of financials earnings were also strong up 14% with good revenue growth and excellent ongoing expense management. In fact, margin came in at nearly 44% well above our target range. Our investment performance has been excellent during this period of intense volatility. This is a great credit to our global investment operation and outstanding research. In equities on a global basis, more than 75% of our funds on an asset weighted basis were above medium or beating benchmarks for one, three and five-year periods. And within that, I also like to highlight that nearly 50% of our funds were in the top quartile. While, this performance is broad based importantly, it is particularly good across strategies we have focused on in terms of client demand. In fixed income globally, our teams are delivering good performance. Our taxable performance is very strong at about 80% of our funds above medium or beating benchmarks over one, three and five-year periods. And in tax exempt fixed income, our three and five-year performance globally strong with some weakness in the one year. I like to turn to flows now starting with global retail, we had another good quarter. Retail inflows were $1.7 billion, not including $300 million of inflows from former parent related retail assets. This was a significant improvement year-over-year. In the U.S. net inflows ex former parent were 1.5 billion as we continue to deliver very good results across distribution channels, particularly at large broker dealer firms and independence. We're in net inflows at seven out of eight of our top firms and we're now delivering positive flows in each of the past two quarters. Year-to-date net flows were $3.5 billion and an EMEA we return to net inflows of 200 million after a long period of headwinds due to Brexit and economic weakness in the region. In terms of institutional, we continue to gain traction globally, winning good higher fee mandates in all three regions. We did have two low fee redemptions in the quarter that totaled $4.4 billion. One was an insurance client that sold the business and redeemed which we fully expected from the transaction. The other was from a client who was in a Quan strategy for well over a decade and a half and redeemed largely due to an asset allocation decision. Adjusted for these two moves and former parent related outflows, we had 1.7 billion of net inflows in the quarter. The institutional mandates we're winning are attractive, higher fee businesses, that more than offset the loss revenue from these lower fee outflows. Overall, in institutional, we strengthened the core of the business in terms of consulting relations and client service and we continue to build our pipeline. We will also soon complete the final phase of the installation of our technology platform for trading and portfolio management globally. This will help reduce our use of duplicate legacy systems drive additional efficiency and improve scale. To sum up asset management, we have excellent investment performance and we're making real progress in our distribution activities and intend to keep that focus. So for Ameriprise overall, when I look at the business, we have strong value propositions, terrific distribution and clear focus on execution. We are serving our clients well, while generate significant free cash flow and shareholder value. And from a capital perspective, we're able to deliver a differentiated level of return when most of our peers have pulled back, all while maintaining excellent balance sheet fundamentals. We returned $448 million to shareholders in the quarter and are on track to return close to 90% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders for the year. And you saw the Board approved a new $2.5 billion authorization through 2022. In closing, I'd like to take a moment to highlight that earlier this month, we reached our 15th year anniversary as an independent public company. I'm proud of what we accomplished, the respective brand we built and how we care for our clients, advisors and employees. We've been able to deal with very challenging environments during these 15 years to emerge even stronger, just as we're doing today. As we move into the fourth quarter, I continue to feel good about how we're operating. Now Walter will cover the quarter in more detail and I'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise has delivered very strong financial and metric performance in light of the interest rate environment, both on a consolidated basis and across the business segments. Both revenue and EPS were down slightly year-over-year on a reported basis as the interest rate headwinds of $116 million or $0.68 per diluted share muted results. Normalizing for that, Ameriprise delivered revenue growth of 3% to $3 billion and adjusting operating EPS growth of 18%, $4.27. These favorable trends are evident across our business segments. Underlying advice on Wealth Management earnings were up 14%. Asset Management earnings and retirement and protection solutions were both up 14%. I'll get into the details on subsequent pages. Turning to Slide 6, in AWM, total client assets grew 9% to 667 billion and wrap assets were up 14%, reflecting continued strong wrap net inflows. Wrap outflows increased 26%, 5.2 billion. Advisor productivity continues to trend upward, reaching 668,000 per advisor on a trailing 12-month basis. Reported year-over-year growth was 3% but the growth rate increased 8% excluding the impact of interest rates. Strong experienced advisor recruiting, new digital tools and capabilities and serving more of our target client market are the key drivers of this trend. Lastly, cash and certificate balances remain elevated at nearly $40 billion. We earn 29 basis points on our off balance sheet brokerage accounts reflecting the low Fed funds rate. Our investment yield at the bank was over 150 basis points, demonstrating the yield opportunity from bringing balances onto our balance sheet. As you can see on Page 7, financial results were clearly impacted by headwinds from rates, Advisor & Wealth management adjusted operating net revenue and earnings both absorbed 116 million from the precipitous decline in short-term interest rates. For comparative purposes, revenue was up 6%, PGI was up 14% and the margin was up 130 basis points if they are normalizing for interest rates. This was driven by strong wrap net inflows, productivity gains, bank growth and market appreciation as well as effective expense management. G&A expenses increased 3% in line with expectations as we continue to invest for future growth where appropriate, including the bank. We will continue to prudently manage our expense base and adjust accordingly based upon the environment. Turning to Page 8, Asset Management delivered very good financial performance and continued improvement in flow trends. In the quarter, we had continued inflows and higher fee retail assets and institutional flows were positive, excluding significant outflows in two low fee mandates and former parent assets. We will continue to leverage global operational capabilities and provide diverse product offerings with strong investment performance. Overall, we are encouraged by the continued progress the business is making. Adjusted operating revenues was 739 million flat compared to a year ago quarter, which included 33 million in performance fees. Adjusting for the timing of the performance fees revenues increased 4% reflecting improved flow trends, market appreciation and an increase in the management fee rate to over 52 basis points. Adjusted operating expenses remain well managed. General and administrative expenses remain well managed reflecting discipline expense management, with the reengineering initiatives funding target investments for growth. Pre-tax earnings were 198 million up $0.14. Results include 18 million of performance fee timing in the year ago period and approximately a net variable $10 million impact on one-time items in the current period. The strong performance were driven by improved net flows, market appreciation and expense discipline. Pre-tax adjusted margin was quite strong at 44%, reflecting the positive revenue and expense trends. Turning to Page 9, you will see our new retirement and protection solution segments as we continue to implement strategy to target our focus, the businesses are a smaller portion of our earnings, so we combined the lines into one segment. We are taking a more focused strategy for this business as demonstrated by changes to our product features, which focus on lower risk, and higher margin products while continuing to seek reinsurance opportunities. Additionally, we discontinued the sale of fixed annuities and fixed indexed annuities in the second quarter. As a result, we moved the fixed annuities business into the corporate segment [indiscernible] just as we did with long-term care a few years ago. We are seeing a nice mix in sales to retirement products without living benefits. In the quarter 56% of our sales were on products without living benefits, up from 25% a year ago. This improvement reflects traction and our new structured variable annuity product we launched earlier this year. In protection, sales of higher margin VUL were up 58%, while index universal life, a product with lower margin in this interest rate environment declined 68%. We're continuing to assess and adjust product features to reflect the current interest rate environment. Financial results continued to perform in line with expectations. Pre tax adjusted operating earnings increased 14%, 206 million, excluding unlocking impacts that were previously announced. This is primarily as a result of lower surrenders and withdrawals that reduced the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, as well as lower sales and higher end market levels. Claims have performed within expectations and we are not seeing material impacts on our protection business. In addition, a close block of long-term care earn $6 million excluding unlocking which reflects favorable claims experience. As we preannounced, our unlocking impact in the quarter was approximately $350 million after tax, of course, retirement and protection solutions, long-term care and fixed annuities are merely as a result of changes to our interest rate assumptions. Importantly, the changes made this quarter, we're on a GAAP basis and changes in both the interest rate and grading period do not impact excess capital, which is calculated on a statutory basis. In the fourth quarter, we completed our statutory analysis reserve called asset adequacy testing. We proactively completed an off-cycle asset adequacy test in the third quarter in conjunction with our unlock analysis. We determined from that analysis, that there is no material impact on reserves on a statutory basis. Now let's move to the balance sheet on the last slide. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain extremely strong, including our liquidity position 2.8 billion at the parent company, substantial excess capital 1.7 billion, effective hedging at 91% and a defensively positioned investment portfolio. Our adjusted operating return on equity in the quarter remains strong at 36%. We returned 448 million to shareholders in the quarter through dividends and buybacks. We are on track to return 90% of our earnings to shareholders in 2020. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: First question is around the real pickup in activity in the life sector around these annuity blocks. Notably, we saw a bid for American equities on something and then we saw equitable with their variable annuity transaction and now you've put your fixed annuity business and run off. So the question is, are you seeing a lot of interest in your fixed annuity block. And as well, in your variable annuity block and what’s your appetite, is this something that you think you might do in the near term?
Walter Berman: Andrew, its Walter. The answer is yes. We are seeing increased interest in these blocks. And certainly, as we've indicated, the fixed annuity block is certainly one that we said it's not a matter, it's a matter of when. So that is clearly something that we are exploring. And as we've also indicated that we certainly will look at some of the potential activity in variable annuities and other activities within our retirement protection block. So yes, we are certainly evaluating and certainly looking at the alternative implications of it.
Andrew Kligerman: Any sense of the capital and the variable annuity business that you could free up from something like that.
Walter Berman: But obviously, you see the allocated capital, we have it at the stages, with the markets it's at our lower end, but it will free up a reasonable amount but you would have to then make the trade off to the earnings. So that's something that we are constantly evaluating. And certainly on the fixed annuities, it's a better equation.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And then just shifting over to advice in wealth management, you had transactional activity picked up a little bit, I think it was like sequentially 6%, but still down somewhat from last year. Do you see that that area, picking up anytime soon? Or is this COVID environment very pressured and maybe contrast that a little bit with your record quarterly wrap account flows of 5 billion in the quarter?
Walter Berman: Yes, Andrew. Obviously, the transaction is driven by the annuities insurance and that's been impacted, but we are seeing improvements. So we are certainly -- that will be, we're expecting that will continue, but it's still be measured.
Andrew Kligerman: And on the wrap side, is that sustainable at 5 billion plus, that was a terrific number.
Walter Berman: I think we're enjoying good -- very strong productivity and certainly we feel comfortable with the continued growth.
Operator: The following question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: I guess my first question is, given the recent transactions in the asset management space and the industry is an ongoing quest for scale. How do you see like Ameriprise as a potential buyer or a potential seller of the asset management business? Or do you think you can stay the course and grow organically and remain competitive?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Hi. This is Jim Cracchiolo. We feel very good about our asset management business today as part of Ameriprise. And we are -- as you've seen -- been very focused on investing in the business, really rounding out the business appropriately to places where we think that we can really provide good active management both domestically and internationally. We've been investing in our platform and our capabilities and our products and services and widening our distribution capabilities. And we're getting some good traction. Now, having said that, we think the world continues to consolidate we agree, we think that there may be some opportunities for inorganic in addition to the organic. So we're very open to continue to explore those opportunities. But we're not looking to get rid of our asset management business. In fact, we're looking to ensure that we can really have a good strong quality asset manager and that we can grow in the environments in which we will be in.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. And then, looking at the expenses for quarter, if it continue to be a good story, as I think about the 125 million year-over-year lower expense target that you laid out last quarter, like how much of that will be a permanent reduction as opposed to something that will come back when we come of the pandemic.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Very good question. I'll start and then Walter can complement my answer. So we are as you know, there are a number of savings that came out rather quickly because of the lower T&E and less travel and expenses for people in certain of their activities. And we think that that will gradually come back, we don't think that's going to be 100% bounce back, because we think we are moving to a world that even if the environment starts to open up, there are efficiencies of operating somewhat virtually and some of the things that we've done and are doing versus just get back out to the travel that once we and others have done, so there will be some permanent savings from that. But some of the costs will come back on a gradual basis, depending on how the economy opens up and travel is allowed. From that perspective, however, we are continuing to reengineer and so a number of the costs that we are reducing, we think will sustain. And even though we will be probably investing and growing in certain respects, as we said, we're also looking for further efficiencies. And so we have our reengineering plans to keep expenses tight. But that also assumes that we will continue to invest appropriately, but we will manage our expenses quite well. But in that regard, we have not gone into any major restructurings at this point in time, we have not laid off people in this environment. And it depends on the environment we're going into. But we've been always able to manage our expenses while you saw that through this. And we will be able to continue to do that as we move into 2021.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: You have anything to add on that or…
Walter Berman: No, no. I think you've covered it.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Question, maybe building on the counter on M&A and the question earlier. So help me, get maybe a little bit more understanding in terms of, if some opportunities came about on the M&A side within asset management? Are we talking more kind of holistic integrations or more sort of targeted kind of tuck-in acquisitions that gives you more kind of product or distribution capabilities? And if so, what is sort of the pieces of the mosaic? Do you guys feel like you're missing within the asset management business? So scale deals, just kind of adding to what you have versus more tactical kind of product capability deals.
Jim Cracchiolo: So Alex, I would probably put it this way, we feel like we have a pretty rounded global asset manager today, it doesn't mean that we couldn't add complimentary products, we couldn't expand in certain of those disciplines in certain regions, our international, domestic, we think we can. We're not the largest asset manager out there but we do have a good makeup today. And there are always products and services, particularly a little more in the solutions oriented space, maybe at some more in the fixed income space and expanded distribution, maybe a little more in the institutional space. So that the ways that we would look at complementary activities regarding whether it would be a fit in, something smaller that would be old versus something a bit larger to get greater scale, it really depends on the opportunity. I think one of the things that Ameriprise has done well with Columbia Threadneedle is, we've been able to do both, we've been able to take small acquisitions and fit them in and get complimentary benefits. And we've been able to do larger acquisitions, such as the Columbia deal, where we've been able to integrate that very well derive good shareholder value at the same time getting a bigger rounded asset manager. So I think some of the capabilities that we have in doing that, I think we've proven that would be appropriate if there's something that would make sense for us to do. But as I said, we're mainly focused on continuing organic focus and then as opportunities arise, evaluate.
Alex Blostein: Got you. Thanks for that. And then, shifting gears a little bit, I was hoping to talk about organic growth within the advice and wealth channel. So you guys added a significant number of advisors again, this quarter. I was hoping you could talk about sort of the productivity or the revenue sort of embedded in that pipeline over crude. And how should we think about the time between sort of you bring these advisors in versus the revenue coming through because it feels like the recruiting dynamic has definitely picked up, so I wonder whether into what would extend this could lead to sort of better organic growth over the next couple of quarters.
Jim Cracchiolo: So let me begin and then I'll turn it over to Walter to maybe more totally give you an answer. What we're seeing is, we are bringing good advisors in that pipeline has picked up and our ability to actually have people join us is really good and strong. But one of the keys also is how to onboard people. And what we found is that we and we've done a competitive review of this, we've been able to bring people on board and very well and quicker, really than many others and get them set up quicker to be really more productive. And we find that that is very helpful for advisors making that transition. Now regarding what that looks like, I think, Walter -- I'll turn it to Walter. But the ramp up still takes a little bit because it’s a not 100%, where they start day one, but that does ramp up over the next number of periods. So Walter, why don't you go ahead.
Walter Berman: So Alex, on the ramp up from an experience advisor, it's in a two to three year cycle to get back to the trailing 12 GDC. So you'll start seeing back and obviously, if it builds up after for six months, and that starts once they onboard. So you can start seeing that trend line take place as we're adding and we're getting the throughput coming through for the additional advisors coming in.
Alex Blostein: Got you. Great. And the last one again, advice and wealth. Thanks by the way for all the added disclosure around interest rate sensitivity. So kudos to Alicia and her team for getting out there. But if you were to think about the pressure on AWM from the spread business, feels like we're basically there, and it's all in a run rate. So just curious if you can confirm that. And b, since that's such an important input into the margin dynamic for AWM, can you talk a little bit about the trajectory for margin expansion from here off of cut on this 19-ish rate that we saw in the quarter? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So Alex, let Walter answer the interest rate first, then I will get to the margin expansion.
Walter Berman: On the interest rate, yes, you are seeing that the basic steady state is there from that standpoint, and on the sweep accounts, and certainly it will start seeing -- the improvement coming in from bank but on these sweep accounts, you should -- it's built in at the stage, just steady state run rate.
Jim Cracchiolo: And then, Alex, when we look at the margin overall for the business we continue as you saw have good productivity increases with our advisors, we continue to have good uptakes of tools and capabilities that our advisors are feeling very good about and even operating in this virtual environment. And as they continued to really use those tools more fully, as we continue to help them manage through this environment, we feel very good about their ability to bring in client flows and to keep those clients active and focused on their goals. And as many of our clients now have their goals even tracked online, which is very helpful. So now we feel good about that journey. I mean, you're always going to be a blips up and down based on quarters and activity. But overall, we feel like we can continue that journey and our productivity has been quite good against the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Much of the institutional outflow, as you noted, came from a low fee long-term client, have you gone through Asset Management mandate to identify other potential low fee flows at risk for withdrawal?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, we had like this quarter, there were these two, right. Part of, one of them that insurance mandate we lost part of that in the last quarter was included in our net flows, because of the sale of the business and this was the second part that came out. As the net of that we actually got some of the client proceeds back to reinvest, but on a small amount based on what was transferred. And then, the other one was it was a very long-term client that had a reallocation. And so those things happen from time-to-time, you can't predict those things, depending on the cycle that you're in. But we feel, again, good about the type of mandates that we're winning. I think loss than this is, you get the size of that outflow, but the mandates we're winning have higher fee. They're across all three regions. They're in good product, whether they be equity, fixed income or in even property. So we actually feel like if we can continue to grow those type of mandates, the fees will more than offset anything that you will get on some of those bumpy outflows. Yes, we always look at what clients and what types of potential redemption. But I think we had a little more of that this year, because of the cycle and the reallocation and some sales of activities. The earlier part of the year, we had a very low short-term, one from another long-term client. So there are things like that are already embedded in the flows this year, but the new inflows we're getting we feel very good about.
John Barnidge: Great, thank you. My follow up, I think you may have alluded to this a little bit with the protection. But do you have a view on potential secular demand change for traditional life insurance products from the health crisis?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I think you saw very clearly, with the low interest rate environment, some of those products that were really growing in a lot of space previously over the last two or three years now have shifted a bit. And for us, we're very focused on making sure that our clients get the range of products. So it's not just what we offer, but it's also what we offer from all of our competitive frame. But we have seen a pickup in some of the variable universal type activities, that a little more asset accumulation, we feel there's a good opportunity there for us. Whether it's a permanent, I think there is a bit more focus coming back on having insurance appropriate protection. But I also would say in this environment, it's probably not the first thing advisors are looking to sell. And that's why some of the long-dated contracts is starting to come back nicely, but it's taken a bit longer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: So I had a question on asset management. Clearly very strong margins this quarter, exceeding the upper end of your guidance range, even if we back out that 10 million or one-time item. So the question is around sustainability, should we now expect margins can some of the shift in the assets which we are attracting towards paying higher fee to remain at or modestly above your prior guidance absence big swings in the market. So it's a probably gotten range of 35 to 39 still a better target as we go towards 2021.
Jim Cracchiolo: So I think, as you saw, we are getting good fee for the products that we both have in our growing and we've maintained those fees over time. But I would probably say I would still put it back in range of the 35% to 39% on average, is the way we're looking at it, which I think you'll find will be a very strong margin on a competitive universe. And so that's the way I would think about it. Walter, did you have anything to add on that?
Walter Berman: I think -- really has to look on average over time, we still in the 39 to 40. I think Jim you are spot on, on that. Nigel, so I think that's a good guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Campbell from Barclays.
Jeremy Campbell: Just a couple of follow ups in asset management. Can you give us a sense of the fee rate differential between the outgoing products mandates and the inflowing strategies?
Walter Berman: So if we're talking about institutional, I would probably say that the relative is probably maybe four to five to one, something like that. Maybe probably, yes, probably about four times the higher fee on the new coming in something I don't have the exact but it's in that ballpark.
Jeremy Campbell: Great. And then, sorry, if you guys covered this, juggled on a couple of calls today, but second consecutive quarter of retail inflows, can you give us an idea of what products and strategies are flowing well in that channel.
Walter Berman: So on the retail side, we are getting good flows in our income equity, income oriented products, in our dividend categories. But we also seen inflows in some of our fixed income, we’re seeing it in a few other of the sort of equity types and solutions. So it's very, but if I had to pick a bigger category for us, our equities is actually one of the bigger area for us in inflows and mainly in the income oriented space. And then, we have growth in the fixed income more in sort of the varied solutions, multi-asset like strategic income and other places like that.
Jeremy Campbell: Great. And then, just finally, just maybe, as a follow up to Alex's question, and I know you mentioned kind of solutions, when he asked about M&A earlier, but as you kind of look, especially on the retail part of the asset management equation here, is there any kind of product or strategy where you have some wide space that ideally you might like to shade in whether it's a building organically or doing a kind of bolt-on inorganically?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I would probably say. So first of all, I think there is significant room for us based on our performance and the type of products we've had, the credit orientation that we have to really grow our fixed income space, but we have a lot of good product, I think we need to just take a bit more space in the channels that we're in, both domestically and institutionally. I do believe that if I look at some other areas to look at, we feel like there's an opportunity for us to grow our property business, particularly in the U.K., we feel good about the mix we have in the product. But it's not to say that we couldn't add some more in sort of the solution oriented space, or maybe even gain a bit more traction in the leveraging of our international lineup. So now within that there's always some products to fit in. But I think we have some good core capabilities. We're not in like in fixed income, there are some of the larger core plus products, et cetera, that there is some larger providers that get a bit more flows. But I think we have a very good credit orientation in our fixed income that we can gain more space.
Operator: Next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the risk transfer question and what you're thinking there. I know the question was asked about, would you consider broadening out from fixed annuities to variable annuities, but I guess my question is, would you or would you contemplate something even bigger, which might include your long-term care book? I think in the past, Walter, you'd mentioned the bid ask spread was probably too wide. But given, I would say recent developments, could have potential risk transfer, deal be it and larger and include potentially all of Rivershore’s life.
Jim Cracchiolo: Walter, why don't you respond to that?
Walter Berman: Tom, as we said, we will evaluate and certainly opportunities has to make sense from a shareholder standpoint, but certainly, we would evaluate reinsurance, we are seeing interest and balance coming in. And again, it does get back to what is the best interest of the shareholder, we have certainly our product capability and what it generates is quite good. So, on that basis, yes, we're open for opportunities as they present themselves.
Tom Gallagher: And I guess, just a follow up for Jim or Walter. And if, depending on how big you would consider going with risk transfer? Would you consider a whole divestiture of the life and annuity business? Or do you still feel like that's kind of a key core piece of the go forward franchise?
Jim Cracchiolo: So Tom, I would say this, we feel as we've said in the past, we feel very good about this area in regard to what we have -- what we manage, how it adds in to our solution set would advise. Now, strategically, we will always evaluate what would be appropriate opportunity here, that would if it can leverage the business better or in some way be good for the client because of the shareholder and employees. So we are open always to evaluate and we're open to have good dialogue, if something does make sense. But as Walter said, I mean, there are a number of options here, including sort of reinsurance both on a product or even on a -- some kind of portfolio basis as well. And so, yes, we will always entertain where maybe, with certain partner or partners, it could be leveraged and presented in a way that can be good for us and good for them and good for our clients. So that's the way we would think about it. But we think about that for the business overall, every day.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. That's helpful. And then, just my follow up is, the bank seems to be consuming a decent amount of capital. And I know, that's been part of the AWM, we'll call it franchise build out or enhancement plan. How do you think about sort of a capital -- return on capital associated with those continued investment, relative to AWM is a great cash flow generator, capital light business, but I guess as you -- as money, as more money is being put behind the bank, it becomes a little more capital intensive, how you're thinking about that balance right now.
Jim Cracchiolo: So overall, as I mentioned strategically and Walter can talk to you a little more about tactically. Yes, we feel like the bank -- the kinds of products, adding to our client orientation are good and appropriate, our advisors want some of those products and services for the clients as part of the portfolio of have a deeper relationship. We're not looking to like some others grow the bank separately, or apart from it's really an adjunct to a wealth management business. So we're not really looking to build a large bank portfolio commercially, or in an orientation and just direct to clients and adding those types of portfolios or higher credit risk in that portfolio based on the consumers just coming in as a direct lending opportunity. So things like pledge activity, things like mortgages and home equities attached to things where, like credit cards and other things attached to the client activities we feel or good and appropriate. I think what we've seen right now, and your point is very valid. I mean, right now, because of interest rates and spreads are little tighter. It's not generating as higher return as it could be in one normalized environment. But we feel like things over time can normalize, we can invest out appropriately and get some better spread than we get with sweep. We think that we can get some good returns from the business and actually add to our margin. And since it's on a client orientation, it does reinforce the relationships that we do have. And so yes, it takes a bit more capital upfront, but it's not as though the AWM business doesn't generate tremendous amounts of capital that can be utilized for it. So we feel it as a compliment. But Walter, I don’t know if you want to add anything.
Walter Berman: Yes. The only thing I would add is some time we generate a lot of equity. And currently, we have the capacity to grow the bank. And as Jim said, it does add basically spread our margin to the business based on picking up over 100 basis points with really investing in high quality books. So yes, that we are balancing those equations, but we feel we have the capacity and it makes sense.
Operator: Next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: I just want to stick with the bank first. So Walter, I think when we originally started talking about the bank, you guided to maybe 200 million of earnings over sort of a five year period. Obviously, the rate environment has changed. But just wondering if you could provide an update in terms of where you think bank earnings could be in a couple of years.
Walter Berman: As we talk about it, that was a different set of circumstance and spread. But we do believe certainly, the bank will make a reasonable contribution, but we are again, the spreads that we were anticipating are 40%, 30% of what we anticipate when we're doing it. But it really does make sense. So it will make significant contributions to AWM. But we're being measured about it. So it's going to be a slower trajectory on that one Suneet. I just can't give you the numbers because really sticking with this sort of situation, it really gets into what's available out there. And where we do see spreads going. But it is growing and we're growing it and we're getting a good return. It's giving us reasonable returns, and it's generating income. That was really very prudent as investments.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Just to follow up on that, and if we can't get the earnings number, can you just help with the margin that you'd expect to generate from that bank?
Walter Berman: The margin on the bank, when we do, isn't it 40% to 50% range clearly on that basis of reasonable range.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. And then, do you want to add anything else?
Walter Berman: No, no.
Suneet Kamath: No. Okay, sorry. So then, just to circle back on recruiting and I guess maybe for Jim, 99 recruits in a quarters is a pretty big number. And I know cultural fit has been a huge part of your recruiting story in the past. So how do you get comfortable recruiting that many people in what I assume is a completely virtual recruiting environment? How do you make sure that the cultural fit is there, when you can't kind of meet face to face?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we're doing a lot of virtual engagement. So when we were talking to both -- for recruits and both for them to make an informed decision and for us to make that decision, as well, they are in contact with both strong in this field leadership, with the recruiters, even with executive management, we hold a lot of events and activities so that they can really kick the ties virtually of what we do and how we do it from a technology or marketing and support or advice, value proposition, the leadership, the training, the development. And so we want people to make an informed decision to join us. And we want that decision to be informed from our end that they would actually work out well here and be productive and help them grow their practices. So we feel good about what we've been able to do there. I think you could see from some of the people joining us, they are joining us for the value proposition overall. The technology, the integration of that technology, how it helped people grow their practices, the support that we give them, the culture that we have, I think those things are all very critical. Yes, it's always would be helpful that if you're in person, you can see and touch somebody a little more in that sense. But I think on the other side of it is, people are still able to make informed decisions and connect. But it is one where there is effort that goes into that appropriately for them to make those decisions. I think it's an excellent question, Suneet. And I think we have all been learning for how to operate virtually a bit better. And we probably all long for the time when we can get back out. But I think it has worked well. And people can see the difference of how they're supported today and what they're looking forward for the future.
Suneet Kamath: And can you just touch on competition for advisors in particular with respect to compensation?
Jim Cracchiolo: Sure. So I think it's always a competitive world out there. And so I think as you look at it, we offer I think competitive packages appropriate for the advisor, their productivity and what they can do in their growth and ramp up. There will always be some people who will toss a bit more money at an advisor. And if the advisor leaves to do the extra money per se, that's not necessarily always the ideal situation. But we feel like for both what we do and what we evaluate and the type of people we bring on board, we feel like it is a good conventional package for both the advisor as well as for the firm and what we can do in helping that person become productive and the returns that we can get when that happens. And these are evaluated both individually and holistically with both the AWM business orientation as well as both these financial organization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: I was just hoping you could provide an update on the current state of the DOL fiduciary rule and the SEC's regulation best interest? And how do you see the outlook for these potentially changing if we get democratic control of the White House and Congress?
Jim Cracchiolo: Good question. So we have been able to fully execute against the SEC’s best interest standard appropriately and that went fully into place. And we feel very good operating under it as well. If there's a full change both the administration and Congress and there is something that comes changes again, or comes back based on previous proposals, I actually would say that Ameriprise is very well situated in a competitive set to deal effectively with it. We have very strong standards against the best interest of what we implemented even before the SEC moved to what they moved to. We have great compliance, both from a field of centralized resources, we do look at all of the products and services that we sell, we have very good due diligence in place. And what some of the additional things that would have been required, we were ready to move on previously, since there would be enacted. So I would actually say it might be a competitive benefit in the circumstances on a relative basis, not that we would want more regulation, et cetera. But I think we would be very able to handle it.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then just a quick follow up for Walter, is there any go forward earnings impact from the assumption updates and unlocking?
Walter Berman: There will be some minor, but we are evaluating that right now. But there will be some minor going forward.
Erik Bass: Okay, thanks. I mean, any quantification you can give or it sounds like it won't be sizable. 
Walter Berman: It's totally manageable from that standpoint, but it will have some impact.
Operator: We have no further questions. And thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Sylvia, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, Sylvia, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Second Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On slide two, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insights into the company's operations. Due to unprecedented external events in the second quarter, we believe GAAP results are not comparable to the prior year period. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our second quarter 2020 earnings release and our 2019 annual report to shareholders, and these may be supplemented in our second quarter 2020 10-Q report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On slide three, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that, you'll see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Ameriprise delivered another good quarter given the market headwinds and the challenging operating environment. The strength and stability of our diversified business continues to help us serve clients exceptionally well. I'm very proud of our team, how well we're operating during this time and the results we're generating. Clearly, the Fed decision to lower interest rates in March and the volatility in the equity markets affected our business in the second quarter. Markets will continue to experience a level of volatility based on the shape of the recovery. But we are well positioned to manage through this uncertainty. Today, I'll provide an update on our second quarter results and how the business is performing. Importantly, I will discuss these results in the context of the key themes and long-term priorities that we spoke to you about at our Investor Day presentation in November. First, further strengthening our position as a leading wealth manager with a great reputation, compelling capabilities and deep client relationships. Second, continuing to transform our global Asset Management business to meet client needs for active management, evidenced by our net inflows in the quarter. Third, managing our Insurance & Annuity books of business thoughtfully and strategically. And finally, we're driving shareholder value through our combination of businesses, free cash flow and capital management. Our financial strength positions us well to continue managing ongoing volatility and economic uncertainty. Our balance sheet and liquidity are very strong, and we generate a high-return for shareholders. As I reflect on the quarter and the first half of the year, I feel good about our strategic direction, how we're executing and the results we're generating. We're focused on our clients in delivering good organic growth in client flows. We're navigating this climate well. Regarding financials, on an adjusted operating basis, ex Auto & Home, net revenues were $2.8 billion, down 6% compared to last year, reflecting significant pressure from interest rates and lower average equity markets that I highlighted. For the quarter, adjusted operating EPS was $2.64 and was substantially impacted by the reversal of the tax benefit realized in the first quarter and the Fed cuts. Excluding these items, EPS growth would have been 12%. And ROE was 35.6%, which remains among the best in the industry. As you review our financial results, you'll see that we were able to mitigate some of the revenue pressure through good expense management and strong capital management. In fact, adjusted for the impact of the tax item, EPS growth is good, and our ROE is near the top of the industry. And our assets under management and administration ended the quarter at $947 billion, up 3%, reflecting strong client flows and point-to-point market appreciation. Now I'll discuss Advice & Wealth Management, where we're delivering good growth in assets and flows and absorbing market pressure as well. Total client assets were up 4% to $630 billion. In the quarter, we had strong client flows with nearly $5 billion in wrap net inflows, which is consistent with our strong start to the year. And very good when considering the volatility and unease in the markets. Clients brokerage cash balances remain high but came down a bit on a sequential basis as clients started putting money back to work as markets stabilized. Our goal-based value proposition is resonating with clients as they navigate these markets. We're seeing good uptake and foundational advice and much greater use of our digital capabilities, including online gold tracking and record engagement on our websites and mobile apps. In fact, site visits are up 50% over last year. And traffic to the Ameriprise app increased 70%. And clients are highly satisfied with the Ameriprise advice experience. 96% say their advisor provided advice that addressed their needs and that they were highly satisfied with the outcome of theirs with their advisor. 92% say they are likely to recommend the experience to friends or family. Additionally, our CRM platform is an important component of the Ameriprise client experience, particularly in this remote working environment as advisors leverage these capabilities to track and act on client data and activity. We consistently invest in our own technology, which is leading to continued strong client satisfaction, engagement and growth and advisor productivity. In fact, net revenue per advisor increased 5%. And which is quite good considering the weight of low interest rates on the business as well as lower average equity markets and the change in methodology of billing based on beginning of the month asset levels. On the recruiting front, we welcomed 75 productive advisors to the firm in the quarter across all our channels. Advisor movement in the industry slowed considerably in April due to market dislocation. We quickly moved to an all virtual recruiting program and activity picked up in May and June. Many advisors have more time to evaluate options and they're taking advantage of our video sessions, webinars, virtual VIP meetings and open houses to get to know Ameriprise. It is a very efficient way to showcase our effective advisor value proposition. These experienced highly productive advisors are attracted to our client-first culture, and they've been particularly impressed with our technology as well as how we've been supporting our advisors during a challenging time. We're very well positioned on the recruiting front, and the pipeline looks good. With regard to Ameriprise Bank, this is an important growth area for us that we continue to ramp up. We're beginning to invest out the cash that we move to the bank. We're also building out our capabilities. We just launched our mortgage product in July, and we will be rolling out our pledge loan capability in the fourth quarter. So in terms of AWM financials, margins remained quite strong at nearly 18%, and that's after the significant impact of the Fed interest rate reduction. We've consistently had strong sustained margins in AWM that compares very favorably to peers, and that remains true today. And as we grow the business, we are closely managing expenses given the revenue environment, while still investing to drive future growth. In Insurance & Annuities, we've been very deliberate in how we're managing these businesses. We've adjusted our products, features and pricing consistent with our risk management approach and the environment. In Annuities, total variable annuities sales were down 17%, reflecting client concerns about the pandemic and market volatility as well as the mix shift we are driving. We continue to see very good uptake of our structured annuity we launched earlier this year. When you combine these sales with our flagship RAVA VA product, more than 50% of new Riversource annuity sales in the quarter were in products without living-benefit guarantees. As we progress through the year, we should increase even further consistent with our plan. I'd also add that due to the rate environment, we stopped new sales of fixed and fixed index annuities. In Protection, life sales were also down. However, we've been focused on shifting from IUL to VUL, where we have been a leader. VUL sales was stable, and the decline was in IUL. As with our variable annuities, we continue to make pricing and benefit adjustments, including cap rate reductions and adjustments to our underwriting as appropriate. Like others, we have seen a slowdown in long-dated products, and we're working hard to help advisors serve their clients and grow their books with Insurance & Annuity solutions in this largely virtual world. Overall, we will continue to manage this business prudently, and it continues to be a good source of free cash flow. Moving to Asset Management. We had a good quarter that reflects the momentum in the business that we've been building and discussing with you. The trends in the business are quite positive, especially in North America. At the end of the second quarter, AUM was $476 billion, up 2% from one year ago, even after reflecting lower weighted equity markets. It was also up 12% sequentially, reflecting the recovery in the U.S. equity markets in the quarter and our improved flow picture. Our AUM growth was driven by our North America business. We are generating good earnings in Asset Management. And while pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were down, that was largely due to lower performance fees and lower average equity markets compared to a year ago. The success we're driving in our flows is a result of our focus and progress in a number of key areas. First and foremost, our strong investment performance. Our short and longer-term equity performance has remained strong through this volatile period, with around 70% of our funds above medium or beating benchmarks on an asset-weighted basis. Performance is especially good in key strategies like income-oriented equities, an asset class that we believe will continue to be critical for years to come. And in fixed income, we saw a bounce back from underperformance in March that impact the short-term numbers. Long-term numbers across equities, fixed income and asset allocation remained strong in both the U.S. and EMEA. In addition to good investment performance, we're concentrating even more on strategies that align with investor needs and also improve the effectiveness of our distribution. Columbia Threadneedle was in net inflows in May and June and ended the quarter with $2.6 billion in net inflows for the quarter, a more than $4 billion improvement from one year ago. This is a nice continuation of the improving trends that we've seen over the last year. Regarding global retail net inflows, North America retail was in net inflows of $3.1 billion ex-parent with $400 million of outflows in EMEA. U.S. retail had very good results across distribution channels including large broker-dealer firms, independents and DCIO. We're generating good results from our effective segmentation and targeting as well as the benefits of our data strategy. In fact, North America was in net inflows in four of the first six months of the year, led by strong flows in equity income and complemented by certain fixed income asset allocation and other strategies. In addition to these North America retail inflows I spoke about, we continue to build out our model delivery business and had $315 million of assets under administration flows in the quarter. In EMEA retail, we were in net outflows as the equity market environment there is more challenging and investors remain cautious. That said, overall flows improved nicely from a year ago particularly in key markets, including the U.K., Germany and Italy. And in global institutional, excluding former parent assets, we had net inflows of $211 million, a nice improvement from last year and that includes outflows of $900 million of low-fee assets from an insurance client that we expected. We were able to offset that by winning higher fee mandates, including improved traction in Asia and with nice diversity across equity and fixed income. Key to these strong results is our excellent virtual engagement with intermediary and institutional clients that reflects the benefits of the technology investments that we've made across the firm. Going forward, our teams will operate using both in person and virtual engagements, which should further improve efficiency and cost of acquisition. So to wrap up Asset Management, we're delivering good results and improving trends, and the team is focused on continuing our progress going forward. Now let's turn to our ability to return capital to shareholders, which is underpinned by excellent free cash flow generation and balance sheet strength. The business continues to generate good free cash flow that we invest for future growth and return to shareholders. Our balance sheet remains very strong with approximately $2.2 billion of liquidity that we held at high levels since increasing it early in the year given the volatility in the market and economic uncertainty. Excess capital remained strong at $1.9 billion, and as we have noted, we have a high-quality, diversified investment portfolio with an average rating of AA- and a limited exposure to industries that are currently under pressure. And we restarted our buyback program in May, reflecting the strength of our free cash flow generation and capital position. In closing, we continue to focus on our clients and helping them navigate this environment. As I've discussed, we're getting good traction in Advice & Wealth Management and the trends in Asset Management are positive. Overall, the company remains strong. And we're able to return to shareholders at a differentiated level through an increase in our dividend and restarting our share repurchases. We regarding our team, while the vast majority of our employees and advisors continue to work from home during the second quarter, we have begun to gradually initiate a return to office. As you expect, we're taking a thoughtful, phased approach. We're beginning to open a number of corporate sites and our branches and franchise offices around the U.S. are starting to reopen safely. Throughout this period, our top priorities have been serving our clients as well as the health and safety of the Ameriprise team. Our people are collaborating well and they're highly engaged, and it's getting noticed. I'm pleased that we were named once again as a best place to work by the Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. I feel good about how we're executing and operating through this pandemic. Uncertainty remains in the environment, but we're very well positioned. Now I'll turn it over to Walter, and then I'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. As you are aware, we are operating in a challenging environment with interest rates, equity market volatility and that pandemic continuing to create significant headwinds. Ameriprise delivered adjusted operating EPS of $2.64 in the quarter as strong underlying business performance was negatively impacted by $1.90 from the reversal of the first quarter tax benefit and the full impact of the Federal Reserve cuts in March. Strong momentum in flows continued in the quarter with nearly $5 billion of wrap net flows and over $2 billion of net inflows in Asset Management. Balance sheet and risk fundamentals remain strong. We have successfully maintained strong engagement with clients, advisors and sales teams to deliver exceptional service while nearly 95% of our workforce continues to work remotely. Excess capital ended the quarter strong at $1.9 billion as we continue to generate substantial free cash flow. Let's turn to Page six. The market dislocation in March related to COVID-19 continue to adversely impact financial performance. We realized the full impact of the Fed rate cuts in March as well as a 3% lower average equity market. Additionally, reduced sales and longer-dated Insurance & Annuity products negatively impacted transaction activity in the quarter. Our underlying business trends remained solid in the second quarter. Flows were very strong in both wealth management and Asset Management. We are managing expenses very tightly in this environment, and we have returned nearly 90% of earnings to so far this year after resuming our share repurchase program in May. Let's turn to Page seven. As we continue to navigate this operating environment, balance sheet strength and risk management foundation will remain keys to our success. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion of excess capital and substantial liquidity. Year-to-date, we have generated free cash flow of nearly 100% of earnings. Our investment portfolio continues to remain defensively positioned and performed well in the quarter. We are currently in a $2.1 billion unrealized gain and less than $4 million of impairments and loan reserves in the quarter. We continue to manage the business prudently from a risk perspective with effective hedging. And as you would expect, we are making appropriate product changes to address the interest rate environment. From an operational risk perspective, we continue to meet client and advisor needs while ensuring the safety of our employees. And our business has performed well during the pandemic as demonstrated by flows in wealth management and Asset Management. Life mortality remained stable despite the pandemic, reflecting the unique characteristics of our client base and approximately 70% of our block is reinsured. In the quarter, our closed LTC blocks saw fewer clients entering nursing homes and increased mortality related terminations from clients on claims. As you can see on Page eight, financial results were clearly impacted by headwinds from rates, markets and client behavioral changes related to the pandemic. Advice & Wealth management adjusted operating net revenues declined 7%, absorbing the expected $122 million impact of lower revenue from the precipitous decline in short-term interest rates, as well as $37 million from lower transactional activities associated with the pandemic and $27 million from lower average equity markets. We are navigating this market environment as we have demonstrated during previous downturns. Importantly, organic growth remained strong with solid client flows. Including nearly $5 billion of wrap net flows, 9% growth in wrap assets and improved advisor productivity. And as Jim has mentioned, advisor recruiting in the quarter was very good, and that momentum continues. These business metric trends will continue to support good organic growth as we move through this uncertain period. Revenue in the quarter did not fully reflect the growth in wrap assets because of our methodology of billings based upon beginning of the month assets. While markets were down 3% on average, the impact of markets based upon our billing implies an impact of markets being down 5% on average. As a result, equity market appreciation in the second quarter will benefit third quarter revenues. Expenses were well-managed in the quarter, down 1%. G&A expenses increased 1%, in line with expectations as we continue to invest for future growth where appropriate, including the bank. Excluding the bank, G&A expenses were down 1%. We will continue to prudently manage our expense base and adjust accordingly based upon the environment. Pretax adjusted operating margin was 18% in the quarter, a strong result in this environment. Turning to Page nine. Asset Management delivered strong net inflows, a continuation of the favorable trends over the past several quarters. We remain optimistic in our continued traction on flows and favorable fee mix shift. We will continue to leverage global operational capabilities and provide diverse product offerings with strong investment performance. We are encouraged by the progress the business is making and how that will contribute to revenues over time. Adjusted operating revenues decreased 6% as $2.6 billion of net inflows partially mitigated the impact of lower average equity markets, lower performance fees and the impact of net outflows from prior quarters. Adjusted operating expenses improved 4%. G&A expenses declined 2%, reflecting disciplined expense management with reengineering initiatives funding target investments for growth. Pretax adjusted margin remained strong at 35%. Turning to Page 10. Annuities and Protection results continued to perform in line with expectations in this market environment. Variable annuity pre-tax adjusted operating earnings increased $32 million to $151 million, primarily as a result of lower surrenders and withdrawals that reduce the amortization of deferred acquisition cost as well as lower sales and higher ending market levels. Fixed annuity pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were $4 million, reflecting continued lower interest rates and net outflows. Protection continued to deliver stable earnings during the quarter at $70 million, reflecting favorable claims. While variable annuity sales declined overall, we are seeing the desired mix shift in sales to products without living benefit guarantees. We recently launched our structured variable annuity product and over half of variability sales during the quarter with those without living benefit guarantees. We expect this trend to continue. Additionally, we discontinued new sales of proprietary fixed annuities and fixed index annuities given the low interest rate environment. Now let's move to the balance sheet on slide 11. I've already highlighted many of the elements of our balance sheet fundamentals, our strong liquidity position, substantial excess capital, effective hedging, and a defensive positioned investment portfolio. Our adjusted operating return on equity in the quarter remained strong at 36%. A resumed buyback in early May and through the first half of the year have returned nearly 90% of earnings to shareholders. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin to question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. 
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I was hoping you could provide some more color on the outlook for expenses in the Advice & Wealth segment. And are you making any adjustments to the plan you talked about previously, given the revenue headwinds in the business?
Walter Berman: Yes. This is Walter. Jim you want to?
Jim Cracchiolo: No. Go ahead.
Walter Berman: Yes. So if you look at our expenses, we are targeting right now for AMP totally to be down about $125 million year-over-year. And when you consider that normally you have volume increases and certainly, of investments being made. That's a substantial savings of over $200 million. And we so we've looked at the situation, we have evaluated and we've put that in play as it relates to AWM, we are certainly continuing to invest for growth, but we will still monitor the situation as it relates to the revenue generation and keep in proportion, certainly looking at the expenses that we have. So the answer is we are, and we have implemented programs.
Erik Bass: Got it. I mean I guess, does that imply that expenses or G&A ex the bank could continue to be down year-over-year?
Walter Berman: Yes, you should expect that they will certainly track and be level or down as we move into the balance of the year period.
Erik Bass: And then just two quick things for Annuities. You mentioned the favorable benefit from DAC amortization this quarter. So just hoping you could help us think about the earnings run rate for that business going forward. And then does the decision to stop selling fixed annuities? Have any implications for how you're thinking about the in-force block?
Walter Berman: Well, okay. So let me start latter. On the fixed annuities, we decided because we felt from a standpoint it was not meeting our shareholder objectives, and we certainly have other products that are available. And we still intend to pursue reinsurance of the fixed annuity block as situations evolve. So from that standpoint, I think it's totally aligned with the objectives that we've said before. On the VA, certainly, we have seen our lapses improve from that standpoint. And that was part of the benefit, but we also had the big lift relating to the equity markets and a shortfall in sales. So as sales improve, we will see some denigration. But we certainly we see that we got a lift in this quarter because of those items, and we should be back to a more moderate pattern as we go into the third quarter and the fourth quarter, but still a very good performance.
Erik Bass: Got it. So should we sort of average the first two quarters of the year, to sort of think about the run rate? Would that be reasonable?
Walter Berman: Actually, it's yes, it's an interesting way of approaching it, but it is probably going to be in that range, yes.
Erik Bass: Okay. Thank you.
Speaker: You're welcome.
Operator: Our following question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks, good morning. Just sticking with Advice & Wealth Management. First, on the transactional revenues, I guess, down I think you said $37 million versus last year. Can you just talk about what the strategies are in terms of trying to turn that around? Does it require sort of new products that are more competitive? Or just what's the strategy behind that?
Walter Berman: Jim, I'm going to get... First, obviously, in this quarter, it's very difficult to sell some of the long-dated products when you're not face-to-face. And so they're adjusting on that. So certainly, that has caused a bit of a dislocation as it relates to the ability, and certainly the environment. As people see this sort of environment they pause. So as it relates to products, we are adjusting the products for the environment. And certainly, we've launched a new structured project, which seems to be doing very well and meeting our expectations. So I think it's a combination of that. Jim, I don't know if you want to add to anything on that?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Suneet, I think, as you would imagine, after the tremendous market volatility and market depreciation that occurred at the end of the first quarter and then moving to virtual, advisors were very much focused on engaging clients, keeping them on track to what they needed to achieve longer term, managing their various portfolios. And having types of conversations remotely regarding Protection and life insurance and longer-term contracts wasn't necessarily their priority, and they find that probably a little more difficult to do. I think you can see that across the industry. So we do believe it will come back. But to our point, we have a whole range of products on the shelf that has nothing to do with our individual products for them to sell. But imagine they're not really locking in some longer-term fixed type of contracts like IUL and in insurance right now with the lower rates. But our structured annuities are really doing well, and we just launched that. So that will ramp up. And I do believe this will come back in time, but you got to look at the dislocation and working remotely and where advisors had to keep their focus.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Got it. And then the second question is just as we think about like there's a lot of moving pieces in Advice & Wealth Management. But when we think about that sort of earnings base of, I think it was $271 million pre-tax or the margin, how should we think about those two things trending over the balance of the year? I know you don't give guidance, but just any color to try to get sense of all these moving pieces would be really helpful.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say this. I think overall, listen, we really have been impacted as others have with the short-term interest reduction, the address the full factors in our numbers right now. But if you look at where our margins were when the Fed rates were this low back two or three years ago, you'll find that our margins have continued to improve, disregarding the spread revenue. I think as I look at it, we have built we do bill or wrap up accounts at the beginning of the month, so we didn't get the full benefit of the market recovering there. Our wrap flows continue to be quite strong, of $5 billion. We brought in just as much in new client business during that time. We have good productivity improvements in our advisor base. They're uptaking our technology really well, even through this pandemic. We have really great engagement remotely. And I do believe that we're making good progress in getting more advisor-based relationships that will both cause more growth and deepening. The clients we are serving now, as I mentioned in my talking points, the satisfaction is really high. So that will mean good flows for the future and good referrals. And I think we'll continue to work on getting that productivity as we continue to work through the pandemic. So I feel good. And the last point very clearly is we invested in the bank for a good reason. We believe that over time, we will get good spread out of the bank as we invest and as we grow the banking institution. We don't really have any bad credit on the bank right now. And so it's a positive for us as we start to invest and grow. And I think all those things will come to fruition, but I feel like we're still very much on track to where we were and how, but you're going to have some impacts based on the market volatility and the interest rate environment. But I don't feel any different. I actually would say, I feel really great about the type of results we got in the second quarter through this pandemic.
Erik Bass: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just to follow-up on AWM. So you talked about the advisors focused in during the second quarter was kind of engaging customers to focus on long-term objectives and selling some of the insurance products were not their priority. But do you see any change kind of throughout the quarter and maybe into July? Has there any change in terms of transactional activities? And how maybe how should we think about that in the third quarter?
Walter Berman: The transaction activity is improving gradually, but it is really we have to we're watching that because as it evolves, but it's beginning to show some signs, but again, it's we're monitoring it right now.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Shifting gear. In Asset Management, very good net flows for the quarter. I think in retail, it's probably the first time we've seen positive net new sales for quite some time. Can you talk about like what you saw in the quarter? And how should we think about the momentum that you're seeing in Asset Management in general?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say, as I looked at the number of managers reporting so far, we're one of, I don't know, three so far that I saw in positive inflows during the quarter, a significant improvement for us and a continuation of the improvement we've seen over the last few quarters. We're getting good results. I mean, we've been in nice inflows in our equity business, which is different than what you'll see in the industry. And we feel very good about our activity levels, particularly in the U.S. across our distribution channels. So that continues to do well for us. And the blip up that we saw in the redemptions in March and beginning of April have back come back down to more normalized levels. So our sales have really increased tremendously year-over-year. In Europe, it's still a bit weaker. It's improved nicely from where it was a year ago. But it's still a bit weaker based on the European risk-off markets, but that's starting to recover. And we see some of that improving, continue in improving as we go through. So overall, we're feeling good about the Asset Management business. People have been able to really engage remotely and we're continuing to have a good lineup of funds. The investment performances are really good so far. And we're hoping that we can even gain a bit more traction into the fixed income that would be complementary for us.
Humphrey Lee: And then in your prepared remarks, you talked about you're able to win some higher fee mandates in Asia. Can you talk about like what is the potential in that particular market?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So what we've been focused really is one of our big outflows in the quarter was a very low fee insurance mandate that we expected based upon some changes in the business that we were supporting from the outside client. But we are bringing in a bit better in the mandates, both in some fixed income as well as equity product. And some of those are from our institutional international clients, both in APAC as well as in EMEA. And so we feel that we can continue to improve that pipeline and get some good mandates that have some good fees.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. I wanted to go back to Advice & Wealth and talk a little bit about the sweep accounts, which were very high still at about $31 billion. And then the bank deposits declined, I think, from $6.2 billion down to $5.3 million. So the question is, why did the bank kind of go backward a little bit in terms of deposits? And how can you or can you move a good chunk of those sweep assets over to the bank over time?
Walter Berman: Yes. So Andrew, let me answer that. Obviously, there are two programs that work within the bank. One is from the sweep account itself, which have more of a permanent nature, which we're starting to now build. The other is a program that we transfer in money for our to the bank for managed account activities, which obviously has pretty high velocity in and out. And that's what you saw at the end of the first quarter, a lot of managed activity came in, in cash. And we obviously, some of that got redeployed in the quarter. So that was the drop. But now you'll be seeing us starting to build more of the sweep balances coming over to the bank as part of moving from away from a third-party on the Promontory. And that would be a building event. So it was just the aberration of that short-term cash that went in and out at the end of the first quarter and started getting redeployed in the second quarter.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. And Walter, could you and that makes a lot of sense. Could you possibly put numbers around your expectations for bank deposit growth?
Walter Berman: We again, if you look at peers and look at us and certainly, we see a very large opportunity of the mix that we have of funds deployed to Promontory, third-party banks versus being redeployed at the bank, as Jim said, it's a big opportunity for us to take advantage since the sweep accounts are at certainly low earning point, to start swinging in. So you will see from our standpoint, we haven't we're working through our plans now. But in the ranges of $3 billion to $5 billion coming out over between now and end of next year, that seems like it's reasonable as we work through our plans. That's the sort of numbers that we can see. And we certainly have the capacity to do.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And then, Walter, with regard to share repurchases, this quarter was great. You started in May. You did $251 million. I think you're targeting somewhere in the 90% to 100% of earnings range. Do you see a path to getting back to kind of that normal more normal level of maybe more than $400 million a quarter in share repurchases?
Walter Berman: Again, Andrew, we have the capacity. There's no question about it. As we evaluate it, we are certainly one of the few that are actually redeploying capital back to shareholders to repurchase. So we're going to continue to monitor, but certainly, it's going to be one of the areas that will certainly continue to return. I'm not exactly sure at this stage where the levels will be. But certainly, with the strength and capacity we have that will be an opportunity for us as we look forward. I don't again, I'm not going to quote whether we go to $400 million, whatever. But we are certainly one of the few that are actually buying back.
Andrew Kligerman: And just lastly, are there any M&As out there that you could deploy capital toward right now that seem more imminent?
Walter Berman: Jim?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, Andrew, we have flexibility. And I think as opportunities arise, we continue to sort of look at things appropriately. We feel, however, we have a good organic hand that we continue to play. But if there are complementary things, and let's say, Advice & Wealth or in some of the sectors of the asset management world, we have the ability, and we've been very successful in the past. So those are the things that, depending on the environment, may come out.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thank you. Given we're all sheltered in place, and I know how much travel factors in for the asset management industry broadly, both on the buy and sell side. Can you talk about savings you've seen from lack of travel? And how much you see that remaining on a maybe semi permanent to permanent basis?
Walter Berman: Yes. So certainly, as we looked at our T&E and our meetings as the world has changed. From that standpoint, we that is part of the savings that when I spoke about that we will have as the difference versus last year. T&E, perhaps in meetings is a reasonable, I would say, of the savings, maybe in the area of about 25%. And the redeployment is going to be based upon how we reassess our ability to do business in this environment. And so we're not really exactly sure. We're working through plans about how we do face-to-face or we do virtual and as we change the way our business model works in this environment. So that's an open switch right now. But certainly, we are getting a good savings coming from and that's going to certainly increase as we go through. But this first quarter was basically a freeze, and then we'll start evaluating that hybrid model of how we operate going forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say that we will, going forward, have a hybrid model. We see good opportunity to engage virtually that will be complemented by face-to-face. We don't think that face-to-face will go away. We think that may be important in certain new types of business activities and engagement. And as well as for more deeper engagement, but we do believe that we can complement it with the virtual capabilities that we have and that we've been learning from. And we think that will be embedded in the way we do business moving forward.
John Barnidge : Great. Thank you for your answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. Good morning. A couple of follow-ups on the bank. I guess the one more explicit, I guess, near term question. Walter, can you tell us what the NIR at the bank was in the second quarter? And then slightly, I guess, bigger picture, strategy related, heard your comments about moving $3 billion to $5 billion. I guess that's through the end of next year from third-party bank sweep to the Ameriprise Bank. That doesn't seem particularly aggressive, I guess, given that it's you guys are sitting on $22 plus billion of third-party cash sweeps. So why not move a little bit faster? It feels like you could pick up anywhere from 50 to 70 basis points on that cash right now. Is that something client related, meaning you guys need clients to actually opt-in to go to the Ameriprise Bank? Or what are sort of the constraints you're dealing with there that's preventing you from going a little faster?
Walter Berman: Yes. So I think there's two things that let me deal with that part of your question. One is, we have arrangements with Promontory banks, and we said we honor those arrangements. It is not a customer restricted element from that standpoint at all. And also, it's a matter of ensuring we have this is where it becomes trying to gauge the investment opportunity that we want to make that has the right return but also has the right risk elements to it. So I'm giving you a range. We certainly have flexibility within that. And it depends on, again, deploying that cash effectively that meets our return and risk characteristics is probably a gating factor as we're evaluating this environment. That is one of the factors that will go into the evaluation.
Alex Blostein: All right. And NII, in the bank in the second quarter?
Walter Berman: The I'm trying to the net interest margin from interest income in the bank trying to see from I don't actually have that in front of me. I will have to get that to you, okay? I'm sorry about that. All right?
Alex Blostein: No worries. And then just a follow-up question, again sticking with AWM for a second. Again, near-term and the longer-term piece there. But I guess in the near term, any way you can just give us G&A guidance for third quarter and fourth quarter and give us a sense of how much of that is still related to the bank buildout and when you expect that to fade out? And then a bigger picture question for both you and Jim. I guess, when you think about the experience in that segment over the last several months and the ability to still recruit pretty aggressively despite people working from home, what are sort of the key lessons learned that we might take away from that, that could improve upon the profitability of recruiting going forward?
Walter Berman: All right. So as far as the expenses, as I said, the expenses, we are anticipating, certainly, that it will build. As you take a look at what we saw, what the expense differential was in the first half as we go to second, you'll see a build there. As it relates to savings, as we get toward that target of being $125 million under for the company. And the bank does play a big role in the expense base that we have in AWM, it's in $50 million range, and we build through it. So it's a factor, but again, we're making investments for our growth, and the bank is an important part of that. And now on the recruiting side, I think we have seen a good recovery. The teams have gotten in and really developed a capability of virtually meeting with prospective experienced advisors. And now they're evaluating, again, certainly seeing a lot of advisors. Now the question is the close rate and how to handle it. And I think we are feeling confident that we getting a good trend line as we adjust to this hybrid model. And I think that we've been quite effective, not only in arranging meetings with them and then coming to closure, but also on onboarding. It's been extremely effective. So we're feeling quite good about our situation right now.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thanks very much.
Jim Cracchiolo: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Yet another question on AWM to start with. The if I just look at NII in the segment, it dropped from around $100 million last quarter to $77 million this quarter sequentially. And what why did it drop so much? Are those floating rate assets? And would you expect that NII to stabilize?
Walter Berman: Yes. So we have a combination of what's been taking place in our net interest income and distribution as you look at the bank and other things. We have certainly in the bank have had the majority of the assets that we had in the bank were floating rate. And then we started augmenting them in the third quarter at the end excuse me, at the end of the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter with fixed maturity. So you've been getting a combination. But clearly, the investments that we've had in the bank are were totally floating rate, agency high-quality paper that obviously has gone down, and then we started now investing that on fixed maturity. So that's the combination that you're seeing. Plus from that standpoint, that is an impact. And we've adjusted our transfer pricing, okay? So as it relates to the market. But that's between the institutions. But that's what's taking place. It's primarily floating assets dropping off, us now starting to add fixed maturity assets, which are higher yield, being very prudent about what investments we look at, and that is the main driver.
Tom Gallagher: And Walter, where would you expect incremental pressure? Or do you feel like that should be more stable going forward?
Walter Berman: I think we're at a pretty good point of stable from the floating range side. Listen, I can't I'm not predicting, but certainly, as it relates to it and as we now start investing out on the fixed maturity curve, you're going to start seeing that increment up. And especially as we add as we position the portfolio and we add new liabilities in to invest out on.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. So that could actually go up a little bit then?
Walter Berman: Yes. Yes. Again, it depends on we're being very, very measured and trying to be certainly, there's opportunities out there, but we want to make sure as we do our investments that it's meeting our yield curve objectives, yield objectives, but also meeting our risk objectives. So we're the team is doing a great job. But again, it's you have to be careful with the paper out there.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And I guess just a follow-up. So broadly, then the cash sweep, it looks like the margin compression there should be behind you. And then when you think about spread income, whether that's bank NIM or otherwise, would you say if you look out, assuming rates remain where they are over the next few quarters, do would you expect any incremental week pressure, adding all these things up? Or do you would you expect that to be behind you?
Walter Berman: I would say that as we start implementing the strategy for fixed maturity investments, we are going to start seeing that spread income giving us a lift. And I do believe that the floating side, again, I can't tell you where rates are going to go, but certainly, I believe that, that's probably more behind us than versus headwinds, but who knows where the environment is. But certainly, with us taking out positive actions to start investing out on fixed maturities will start to yield and improve our yield.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Got you. And then that's helpful. And then just my final question is just on long-term care. One question is that's clearly trending favorably right now. Would you just given, I guess, the big both we'll call it mortality related plus lower submitted claims incidents, would you expect that to remain at a similar profitability level? Or at least at a higher than normal profitability level for the next couple of quarters.
Walter Berman: Yes. I have seen unfortunate improvement because, obviously, it has impacts to our clients. Certainly, from our standpoint, we don't know if that's a long-term trend. But on the short-term end, with what's going on in the various states, certainly, it looks like it's continuing to be problematic. I don't know if it's going to spill over to the nursing homes. The actuaries are looking at it and but we are seeing the benefit so far. I can't really tell you if it's going to continue. Certainly, it's not going to get worse for us from that standpoint. But I can't really tell you whether that trend is going to continue, but it's one that we benefited in this quarter, for sure.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our last question will be from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks, good morning Walter, first, I just wanted to clarify your comment that expenses were expected to be down $125 million year-over-year on a consolidated basis. Was that total expenses or specific to G&A expenses?
Walter Berman: That was G&A. I was talking about G&A.
Ryan Krueger: And then on fixed annuity reinsurance, I mean, I guess, should we I guess, are you would you still consider doing a transaction in the current interest rate environment if you can get acceptable pricing? Or should we think about that as more off-the-table in the near term, contingent on rates rising?
Walter Berman: Our objective has not changed. It's certainly is something that we intend to do. We are getting inbounds, and we are evaluating them. But there is a challenge with the interest rate environment. But certainly, we are getting inbounds coming in, and we're evaluating it. So it's something that is not if we can to do it, it's when we're going to do it and what is going to be appropriate balance on a shareholder basis. But it's still our objective set.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: We have no further questions. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Sylvia, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, Sylvia, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's First Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website. On Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the Company's operations. Due to unprecedented external events in the first quarter, we believe GAAP results are not comparable to the prior period. And reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our first quarter 2020 earnings release and our 2019 Annual Report to Shareholders, and these may be supplemented in our first quarter 2020 10-Q report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I hope you and your loved ones are staying safe and healthy. Clearly, this has been an extraordinary and challenging period globally. I'm proud of how well Ameriprise has responded to this pandemic. From the start, our priority has been serving our clients as well as the health and safety of the Ameriprise team. We've benefited from our substantial business continuity planning and investments and quickly shifted approximately 95% of our employees, advisors and field staff to working from home in mid-March. We've been able to maintain very strong client and advisor engagement with very little disruption. Our technology capabilities have been outstanding. Our teams are working seamlessly and collaboratively in this virtual work environment. We're helping clients stay focused on their long-term goals and navigate tough markets. The strength of our advice value proposition and the solutions we offer are ideally suited for this environment, and we're operating with an excellent financial foundation. We maintain a large excess capital position, substantial liquidity and a high-quality investment portfolio. We're generating strong cash flow, and we're always very disciplined in terms of risk management and ongoing expense management. During this crisis, Ameriprise is operating well, and I believe we are in a strong position. In terms of the markets and economic backdrop, clearly, there are headwinds. The first two months were quite strong. But with the declines in March, equity markets ended the quarter down 22% sequentially and 12% year-over-year. The Fed has been aggressive, including cutting short-term interest rates by 150 basis points to near zero. We saw some improvement in the equity markets in April on optimism around reopening. However, we're seeing the economic impacts of the shutdown and stay-at-home orders, and we expect the environment to remain challenging with elevated volatility. Let's discuss the first quarter. We started the quarter on a record pace. And even with the market headwinds, we delivered good results. On an adjusted operating basis, ex Auto & Home, and including the tax benefit we highlighted, we delivered net revenue growth of 4%. Earnings grew 34% with EPS up 46%, and ROE, ex AOCI, was 39.7%, up from 36.5% a year ago. Our assets under management and administration ended the quarter at $839 billion, down 6%, reflecting the significant point-to-point decline in equity markets. However, this was partially offset by strong client flows. And if you look at our total margin, it is in line with last year at 22.1%, and that's even after the impact of lower equity markets and the interest rate cut in March. I want to turn to Wealth Management and what I believe will continue to differentiate us as we move through an economic recovery. With the very real challenges clients are facing, this is when our advisors and our business really stand out. We're helping keep clients on track and focused on their long-term goals. The investments we've made over the last few years and those we accelerated in 2019 are paying good dividends in this environment. Our digital and cloud capabilities, which include our CRM platform, ongoing gold tracking, websites and mobile apps are all helping our advisors maintain their strong relationships with clients and stay productive. Very clearly, we delivered a good quarter in Advice & Wealth Management despite the significant dislocation in March. We had strong revenue growth of 9%, good earnings growth and meaningful growth in net inflows into fee-based accounts and strong activity levels. On a relative basis, we maintained very good margins. In fact, AWM margin remained above 22%. Like others, short-term interest rates will impact our profitability. However, continued strong client activity and engagement, the strength of our advisor productivity and our banking operations, which are beginning to ramp up nicely, are positives for continuing to generate good margins. As you can see in the quarter, we're managing expenses back to more normal levels at about a 2% growth rate ex the bank. This compares favorably to our 9% revenue growth in AWM. And we will continue to tightly manage expenses and remain aligned with the revenue environment. We had very good growth in client and advisor metrics in AWM. It was one of our best quarters for total client net inflows and more than $6 billion went into investment advisory accounts in the quarter, a record. We saw good pickup in transactional activity as more clients engage with us in financial planning and advice relationships. Advisor productivity increased 8%, as advisors leveraged our capabilities. Client brokerage cash balance increased close to 30% to more than $32 billion as clients built up cash given market volatility. Growth in cash slowed in April, and we would expect these assets to be put back to work in the future. Even with the market pullback, client activity and flows in March were solid, and that continued in April. Our advisors are working closely with clients to keep them focused, help them adjust and look for opportunities. On the recruiting front, we attracted 80 experienced, highly productive advisors from across the industry in the quarter, and the pipeline looks very good. Regarding the recruiting climate, the COVID-19 crisis has created challenges but also opportunities. We moved to virtual recruiting and have been able to recruit and onboard advisors successfully. We're pleased by the very high engagement from advisors who are interested in Ameriprise. As in previous challenging environments, our financial strength and comprehensive advisor value proposition makes us an attractive destination for experienced advisors. There may certainly be a slowdown in recruiting in the near-term. But longer term, we see an opportunity as some advisors consider making a change and seek a high-quality firm with a track record of helping advisors grow and thrive. Again, we've been able to operate very well during this period with all of the capabilities and support we put in place. Our advisors as well as new recruits have been impressed with how quickly and effectively Ameriprise mobilized when the crisis broke and how well we have supported them and their clients. We also continue to build and grow our bank. In the quarter, we brought more than $2 billion of cash sweep balances on the balance sheet, bringing the total to over $6 billion. We began to grow our card portfolio, focusing on the Ameriprise client base. The test for our mortgage program went well, and we are beginning to roll that out more broadly in the second quarter. And we're planning for pledge loans to be implemented in the latter part of the year. In regard to our Insurance & Annuity solutions, we've been very proactive in ensuring we have the right focus in this climate. We're making the appropriate pricing and underwriting adjustments, and we're maintaining our strong risk management across these books. The businesses are delivering solid earnings in line with our expectations for this low interest rate environment, and they're generating strong free cash flow. In terms of Annuities, variable annuity cash sales were up 24% from a year ago with a mix shift toward products without living benefit guarantees. We launched a new structured solution annuity in January, and we're getting good uptake and will accelerate the shift even further. In Protection, life sales continue to grow in our VUL product. As with variable annuities, we have made pricing and benefit changes. We've also made cap rate reductions and adjustments to our underwriting as appropriate. So overall, the takeaway is that we're being proactive and will continue to do so consistent with our risk management discipline. Moving to Asset Management. We had a good quarter. After a record start in January and February, that built off of the progress we've made last year, we were able to move to operate remotely on a global basis in a seamless way. We've been very engaged with investors, intermediary partners and institutional consultants, reinforcing the strength of our key strategies and providing an informed perspective. We benefited from the investments we've been making to ensure our teams can communicate with the right advisors and support our distribution partners. In terms of the quarter, we delivered a 50% increase in retail gross sales globally compared to a year ago, which is very strong. The strong sales momentum in retail led to being $2 billion positive for the firm in January and February. However, flows turned negative in March due to a pickup in retail redemptions as clients derisk their portfolios. Institutional clients invested through the market dislocation, and we saw nice additions to existing client mandates, and we had some wins that funded leading to net inflows in the quarter. So overall, we had a net outflow of $2.5 billion in the quarter, and that included a $1.3 billion very low fee institutional mandate that we are expecting, and a bit over $800 million in former parent outflows. This is a significant improvement from our results a year ago, which compares very favorably to the 17 active peers we benchmark against. In fact, we were number five in terms of flow rate, driven by our strong showing in equities and improved fixed income flows. As we look at April results, gross sales remained strong and redemptions have slowed as equity markets have improved. With regard to investment performance, our equity performance has remained strong through this volatile period, especially in key strategies like income-oriented equities. And while we did have some short-term underperformance in fixed income in the quarter, within some of our multi-sector strategies, we're seeing improvement in April. Long-term numbers across equities, fixed income and asset allocation remained strong. Looking at our financial results. Clearly, revenues will be impacted in this environment given the asset decline. But we're seeing good results and higher fee flows, and markets coming back a bit will help. We're also doing a good job managing expenses as margins remain quite good. We are managing controllable expenses while making sure that critical projects that align to our growth goals remain in place. So to wrap up Asset Management, I'd close by saying the teams are executing well, and we're focused on continuing our progress. Now let's turn to the strength of the Company, our balance sheet fundamentals and risk management. I'll start with our balance sheet. It's exceptionally strong. We have approximately $9 billion of liquidity. We have $1.7 billion of excess capital, and we have a high-quality, diversified investment portfolio with an average rating of AA- and limited exposure to industries that are under pressure. Our strong risk management prepares us for these type of volatile economic conditions. Our hedging program is excellent at 99% effectiveness in a volatile period. The business continues to generate good free cash flow that we invest for future growth and return to shareholders. In the first quarter, we continued to return capital well, although we did pause our buyback given the uncertainty in the market. With the strength of our business and capital position, we will resume our buyback at an appropriate level as we move forward. And as you saw, we announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend that we feel good about, our 16th increase since we became a public company 15 years ago. In closing, I feel good about our position and ability to navigate this environment. We're prepared for this environment to remain volatile. With the underlying strength of our business, the investments we've made, the cash flow our diversified business generates and our capital management, we have a very strong hand to play. Ameriprise is working through this crisis extremely well. We're able to weather these markets and economic headwinds and focus on long-term strategic priorities. We will continue to focus on our clients, our priorities and moving forward in the right way. Now I'll turn it over to Walter, and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered another strong quarter of financial results and business metrics, with adjusted operating EPS up 46% to $5.41. This was driven by strong underlying trends I will describe today as well as a tax benefit in the quarter due to anticipated net operating losses for the year. While the NOL is extremely beneficial from an earnings and cash flow standpoint. Using our expected tax rate in the 16.5% range, our earnings per diluted share would still have been up 15%. A critical factor for Ameriprise, or candidly any other company during this period, is our high-quality balance sheet and risk management fundamentals that underpin the business, including liquidity, capital, hedge effectiveness, free cash flow generation and business continuity performance. These foundational elements allow us to navigate the current environment well and have positioned us to continue delivering excellent results as we move through market cycles. In the quarter, GAAP reported EPS was $15.88, reflecting the positive impact of our credit spread, hedge valuation and other market-driven impacts. Let's turn to page six. Adjusted operating net revenue was up 4% to $3 billion after excluding Auto & Home from the prior year period. Revenue growth was driven by Advice & Wealth Management, where we had an increase in wrap net flows of 41% and improved transactional activity driving up 9% increase in revenue. EPS for the quarter was $5.41. As I indicated, this reflects a tax benefit. Let me explain. The use of net operating loss carrybacks was eliminated in the Tax Cuts and Job Act at the end of 2017. This ability was bought back on a temporary basis as part of a new legislation. As a result, Ameriprise will receive a substantial GAAP and operating tax reduction associated with our ability to carry back our estimated 2020 NOLs to prior higher tax periods. Using our latest forecast, the 2020 tax benefit is estimated at $220 million. 65% or $144 million of the estimated full-year benefit was taken in the first quarter, based upon first quarter GAAP earnings with respect to the full-year forecast. The benefit will be adjusted quarterly for the balance of the year based upon changes in markets and our forecast. Our numbers will be finalized on December 31, 2020. The benefit allows us to continue to execute our current business strategy and operations and partially offset impacts of COVID-19. As I previously stated, using our expected tax rate, our EPS would have increased 15% versus last year. Our adjusted operating return on equity in the quarter was nearly 40%. Let's turn to page seven. There are four main balance sheet and risk attributes that are critical to continually meet client, shareholder and regulatory requirements; liquidity, capital, managing the level and volatility of earnings and effective operational risk management. On all fronts, we met this challenge, and we are well-positioned to meet our client and business needs going forward, just as we have in prior market cycles. At the end of the first quarter, we had substantial liquidity at both the parent and subsidiaries totaling approximately $9 billion with about $2 billion at the holding company. Our excess capital ended the quarter at $1.7 billion, which reflects the impact of challenging interest rate and equity markets, reduction in debt as well as the adoption of VM-21. An important component of our capital strength is our investment portfolio. It is defensively positioned and diversified with AA- average credit quality. I want to highlight that within our investment-grade corporate portfolio we are concentrated in defensively positioned sectors that operate well with the current stay-at-home restrictions, specifically U.S. electric utilities, food and beverage, healthcare and U.S.-based midstream pipeline companies. We have no exposure to airlines or specialty retailers, and less than $10 million of exposure to banking or wealth. And our high-yield exposure is only 3% of the portfolio and diversified by industry and issuer. We closed the quarter in a net unrealized gain position of $600 million, but that improved to a net unrealized gain position of approximately $1.4 billion by the end of April. We have a robust hedging program, which is an important component of managing earnings volatility. It was 99% effective in the quarter, exceeding its 95% target, and we expect that to continue. The benefit of these hedge programs are evidenced in the strong GAAP numbers we reported that included a large gain from our hedges on a GAAP basis. Our proactive risk management program is extensive, and our swift transition to the vast majority of our staff working from home highlights planning and capabilities we have established. Our business has performed well. And as Jim indicated, we are seeing good business growth metrics continue and grow. Advice & Wealth Management delivered very strong results in the quarter, particularly in light of the market dislocation we experienced in March, as you can see on Slide 8. Advice & Wealth Management adjusted operating net revenues grew 9%. Results through February were very strong. Revenue was up 14% with $4.5 billion of wrap net inflows and transactional activity up 14%. As the environment changed, we continue to see solid engagement with advisors and clients. We had an additional $1.6 billion of wrap net inflows in March. We saw our cash levels increase substantially to nearly $33 billion, up from $25 billion at year-end, and transactional levels remained strong. Client activity was strong in April. Pretax adjusted operating earnings grew 8% or $28 million in the face of a $54 million headwind related to the Fed rate cuts. A strong increase in revenue allowed us to continue to drive profitable growth despite short-term interest rates. G&A increased 2%, excluding the bank. We are continuing to make investments for growth, where we feel there is an appropriate payback in this environment. While there is a potential for continued market volatility and short-term interest rate pressure, we believe that the strong activity trends and financial performance will continue. During this changed environment, our advisors remain totally engaged with their clients. We have strong interest with our remote recruiting strategy, and we have increased our net investment income by investing at higher spreads within the bank. In the quarter, we had 80 new advisors with strong productivity levels joining Ameriprise and a strong and growing pipeline. Asset Management continues to generate substantial revenue and pre-tax adjusted operating earnings for Ameriprise, which you can see on page nine. Similar to the trends we saw in Advice & Wealth Management, Asset Management delivered improved business metrics. Pretax adjusted operating revenue was up 9% through February, reflecting good markets and higher fee net inflows. But the trend was impacted in March from both market depreciation, elevated redemptions and a performance fee adjustment. Excluding the performance fee adjustment, operating net revenues were up 2% for the full quarter. In addition, expense discipline remained strong, driving earnings to $172 million, excluding the performance fee adjustment. The adjusted margin in the quarter was nearly 38%. Going forward, we feel good about our product offering, investment performance and distribution capabilities that support continued gross sales improvement in higher fee assets going forward. The fee rate was consistent at approximately 52 basis points in the quarter, and we remain committed to expense management in light of the revenue environment. Turning to Page 10. Results in Annuities and Protection are in line with the expectation in this market and rate environment. Variable annuities earnings declined to $93 million in the quarter, impacted by many of the same trends I've already discussed. Revenues increased 2% as market appreciation is largely offset by continued net outflows. Expenses increased 9% from last year, primarily related to two items. First, SOP reserves continue to increase as expected, and this was further exacerbated by market volatility. Second, we had lower DAC amortization a year ago, impacting the year-over-year comparison. We anticipate that variable annuities earnings will return to more normalized levels going forward. Fixed annuity earnings declined to $2 million. This decline is largely driven by spread compression and lower account sizes. Protection delivers a very stable stream of earnings, contributing $72 million in the quarter, with overall claims in line with expectation. We expect these trends to continue. We are continuing to feel good about our Annuities and Protection business. We are seeing a shift in VA sales to our new structured variable annuity product, and we are seeing a shift from IUL products to VUL. Additionally, we have made appropriate changes to our product features, underwriting, and pricing, given the changes in the operating environment. These enhancements position us well going forward. Now let's move to the balance sheet on Slide 11. I've already highlighted many of the elements of our balance sheet fundamentals that give me comfort in our positioning going forward; our strong liquidity position, substantial excess capital, effective hedging and a defensively positioned investment portfolio. We returned a substantial level of capital to shareholders in the first quarter even after pausing our share repurchase in mid-March, out of an abundance of caution with the environment. We intend to resume buyback in short order. And we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend of 7% to $1.04 per share. These actions demonstrated our commitment and ability to continue our long-standing track record of capital return. Let's turn to page 12. This is a slide I used at our last Investor Day. The statement remains on track. Our balance sheet and enterprise risk management capabilities were tested again, and we have shown excellent results. Our underlying business drivers remain strong and will generate strong free cash flow in this low interest rate and volatile equity market environment.We remain totally committed to strong, sustainable, profitable growth. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks, good morning. My first question is on Advice & Wealth Management. In the quarter, you talked about $54 million headwind from the low short-term rates in equity markets. Can you just help us frame what that looks like in terms of a headwind as we go into the second quarter?
Walter Berman: Yes. Suneet, it's Walter. That will be approximately, in total, about $120 million. The $54 million will move to $120 million for the interest rate in AWM on the short-term.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And at that point, you'll fully have the interest rate impact embedded into baseline?
Walter Berman: Yes, we believe that yes. Assuming no other changes happen.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. Okay. And then my other question is on the fixed annuity business. Earlier in the year, I think you still were optimistic about potentially doing a reinsurance transaction. Obviously, since then, rates have fallen pretty dramatically, but spreads have also widened out. So just trying to get an update in terms of how you're thinking about the ability to execute a reinsurance deal on that block in 2020.
Walter Berman: Yes. Execution will be difficult in this environment. So we're at pause. Our certainly our desire to do that is there, and we would just wait until the environment allows us to do that.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then the last one is just on the capital return. You chose your words very carefully, I think, in terms of returning capital at an appropriate level. Can you just help us think through what that means? I mean in the past you've talked about returning 100% of your earnings. Can you just give us an update in terms of where your thinking today is?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Suneet, I think what we would say is, we think we could still sort of track to what the ongoing earnings formula will look like and be in range of what we've done in the past in that regard. So I think again, it's hard to predict just based on the environment. But I would say, we feel very comfortable with both the excess capital position, the cash flow generation and the earnings stream that we have coming about. So I think you could calibrate from there, probably still in the range of the 90% to 100%.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Thanks, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Jim, first, a question for you just around dynamics in the recruiting environment today within Advice & Wealth. In the past, we've obviously seen some moderation in FA recruiting activity in times of heightened volatility. And presumably, the dynamics of social distancing makes recruiting more challenging right now. But curious to get your thoughts on kind of how the net new asset flows within AW? Do you want to expect it to trend over the next couple of quarters given this dynamic?
Jim Cracchiolo: So I think, as you saw, we were able to put a good group of recruits on board, 80 in the first quarter. Our pipeline looks good. I mean as you went through the moving to work-from-home and what everyone had to do in the industry, including competitive frame, it sort of disrupted that a little bit. But we were able, very quickly, to move to virtual. We are operating 100% really from that perspective in that regard, including from a recruiting environment. We have good engagement with potential recruits. And so that's working well. Having said that, you're still taking people and then moving in this environment. And so with the volatility, as you said, things slowed down a little bit. But the pipeline looks good, and it's more of what people feel comfortable making a transition. But longer-term, we found after these environments, people do look to come to a strong firm. They do look at a firm in how they've operated through an environment like this. And we feel very good about the value proposition as well as the interest. So we feel like that could pick up as things settle down, as we've been active in the marketplace. Regarding our flows, we've had very strong client flows in the first quarter, including through March. And that those flows continue in April. Of course, they were always a little bit higher in January and February, but they maintained at a very good level through March and into April. So we still feel good about the flow picture.
Alex Blostein: Great. And just maybe a little bit more around the pipeline commentary you just mentioned. Can you give us a sense the composition between the kind of independent franchisee channel and the employee channel? Which one of these is likely to fare better in the current environment from FAs moving over versus where you might actually see a little bit of a slowdown because of the environment?
Jim Cracchiolo: Though we see strong interest in both, we still see it in the employee channel because of the type of arrangements that we have here, the support they get, all of the enhanced benefits that they're very used to both in our employee model and a franchisee model. And we're actually seeing independence as well as some RIAs come back because of the really enhanced value proposition that we provide even into our franchisees. And so they get all the benefits that they would have gotten if they were an employee in a certain respect of the type of support, the branding, the technology, even the onboarding, which is done in a very comprehensive fashion based on how we support them and set them up. So I would just say that our value proposition is playing quite well right now as people are realizing they need more than just to associate with an independent channel or just that they could buy services out there from an independent channel. So we're finding from both ends that the interest is quite strong, and these are the people that we are attracting.
Alex Blostein: Great. And then just a quick follow-up for Walter, just a couple of numbers around the bank. Could you help us with what the net interest income and the net interest margin was at the bank in the second quarter, just given the fact that it's becoming a larger contributor to the overall? And then maybe give us a sense for expectations or future cash moving out of the off-balance sheet cash sweep into the bank and the sort of the new money NIM that could that you guys could earn on that today?
Walter Berman: Alex, it's Walter. Yes, obviously, the bank is still in a margin a marginal situation as it's beginning to take hold. Certainly, I can tell you that from the activities that we saw, we started to invest substantially from the bank at taking advantages of the spread income. So we anticipate that the bank will be making a more significant contribution going forward, but still in a measured basis. So right now, it's just early to say as we move through it, but the margin is quite strong. Obviously, interest margin is quite strong. But we did take advantage of this situation to improve that by making some investments with some pretty large spreads as we move through. And we are certainly focusing more on the bank as we move through the year and go beyond that.
Alex Blostein: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
David Motemaden: Hi, good morning. This is David Motemaden on for Tom. I guess I just had a question on the 5% U.S. treasury ultimate interest rate assumption. I guess just wondering how you're feeling about that heading into the third quarter review, given the drop in rates? And maybe remind us what the impact would be of lowering that maybe 100 basis points? And maybe just talk about what sort of ongoing impact that may have?
Walter Berman: Yes. So this is Walter. So as I previously indicated, certainly, we are evaluating. We do believe still, as we look at it, it is still aberrational from that standpoint. We'll certainly take a deep review in the third quarter. One of the things, it is a couple of hundred million dollars, as I indicated. But I just want to make sure we all understand. Yes, that is a couple of hundred million dollars, but that has no impact on our excess capital as we evaluate that. And so we will be taking a look again and evaluating it. But again, no impact to our excess capital.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood.
Jim Cracchiolo: Walter, I think one he it wasn't that would be beyond the 100 basis points. That's not just for.
Walter Berman: That would actually yes, that would be if you take a look at moving that both on the glide path and on the interest rate. So we'll be looking at both those items that have been raised and that we previously discussed.
David Motemaden: Got it. And so you're saying a couple of hundred million doing both of those things but.
Walter Berman: Yes.
David Motemaden: But no other specifics around sort of what you guys are thinking about?
Walter Berman: Look, right now, as the actuary has evaluated that we certainly look, as you saw the spread really increased, so that threw while the treasury went down, the spread went up. So you throw a multitude of factors going in. So those are all the things they are taking into consideration. And certainly, we will be taking a deeper dive look as we head into the third quarter to reassess that. But there's still a lot of aberration going through that, but.
David Motemaden: Got it. Yes, that's fair. And then just following up on the bank. I understand you guys injected $100 million into the bank, which is one of the reasons why the excess capital went down. I guess what size does that in terms of on-balance sheet bank assets, does that contemplate versus the $6 billion at the end of the first quarter? And then you spoke about $120 million of a sequential drag from rates in AWM. Does that include considering shifting assets out of sweep and into the bank? And I guess I would think that, that would provide somewhat of an offset to that $120 million, but I'm not sure if that's in there or not.
Walter Berman: Yes. That again, that is certainly, we will get an offset as we shift the assets onto the balance sheet, and we start getting in the spread income as it relates to because right now in the sweep accounts it is module profitability based on the Fed taking it down to 0. But certainly, we have some profitability there. But that is one of the advantage we will have with the bank as we move and we start getting the spread coming through diversified investment and loan investment portfolio there. And we've already saw that some of that advantage starting to take hold as we invested in at the end of the first quarter investing into April. And the majority of that is on again, pretty much there is close on the $120 million. It's I would say that it has a factor within it. But it's we do anticipate benefits coming from the bank as we move through 2020 and forward.
David Motemaden: Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you for the answers. I appreciate it.
Walter Berman: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thanks. Could you talk about what percent of your commercial real estate portfolio is in rental for Barron's for April 1? And maybe what your expectations are for May 1?
Walter Berman: That are in where? I'm sorry, can you repeat that?
John Barnidge: Rental for Barron's seeking a rent relief.
Walter Berman: Okay. Right now, we're getting some coming in. It's actually been small. We're talking to maybe about or less than 10% of the balances are asking for that. And but you got to remember, the portfolio is extremely strong using the fundamentals, as it relates to loan-to-value at 46% and looking at a debt coverage, which is achievable. Leverage coverage was 2.6. So this is a portfolio we've been long time. But we are seeing some. But again, strong fundamentals, and we are working with them, obviously. But we do not anticipate a significant cash flow issue at all at this stage.
John Barnidge: Great. And then my follow-up question, a lot of people are working from home right now as in your organization and others. How do you view a return-to-work environment emerging? Do you see 100% going back? Or do you see there being a real estate and expense savings emerging?
Jim Cracchiolo: So I think we and all of the businesses are really reviewing this now. And so our philosophy and our principles will be that we are guiding the health and safety of all our people. We've been able to work remotely with no disruptions and really support our client activity really well. Having said that, as you would imagine, some people want to get back to work. Some people would like to engage a little more face-to-face. And, therefore, we are looking at sort of a phased approach for reentry, and that phased approach will be really triggered by every one of the states individually, and locales individually, of what they feel is appropriate and safe as far as people reentering the workforce. And then all of our facilities are being set up so that they can accommodate that on a gradual reentry basis. So I can't sit here and tell you it will be 100%. What I could say is that things, as they improve in the locales where we do business, we will start reentry on a gradual basis, a phased approach. I think in the end, we're finding that there are some things that where people can work remotely quite well and may want to do that on a balanced equation, in which case, we can accommodate and maybe over time move more to virtual that we're also reviewing based on the way we can do business. We have excellent technology capabilities. We're all set up in the cloud. And so our environments are able to accommodate that and enhance the way people operate and doing it that way. So I think we'll see over time that probably 100% of what was, where we were, even though we had flexibility in work-from-home, we'll probably get more so as businesses move forward.
Walter Berman: It's Walter. I will just add to what Jim said to your question about savings. Yes, we certainly would anticipate gaining savings as it relates to T&E and of our aspects of printing and on that basis and potentially real estate. So it really does afford us a process reevaluation. Of course, we have been so effective in working from home. And so I think that's what Jim has asked us to evaluate, but there's certainly potential.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just to follow up on that line of questioning in terms of expenses. I think you indicated earlier this year you're looking at opportunities for further expense reengineering. Can you kind of talk about how you're thinking about G&A expenses outlook for the coming quarters as you start to maybe potentially implementing some reengineering?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Let me start and I'll have Walter follow.
Walter Berman: Jim, you want to take a shot?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Let me start, and then I'll have Walter complement it. So the our business, as you saw, is performing quite well. We have really good client engagement and activity, and we would like to continue to keep that focused. We've made some really good investments, as we told you over the last few years, and particularly, we had accelerated some of those last year that we've sort of completed, which was great. The timing was excellent for us. And as you saw in the first quarter, overall for the firm, our expenses came down and actually looked quite good and tight. And even in AWM, where we were making some of those expenses, the actual expense rate ex the bank was only up 2% with 9% revenue growth. So we are now what we're doing is, as Walter said in the last question, we have tightened up, as you would imagine, things like T&E and all that stuff, discretionary programs, things that don't make sense in this environment that will give us savings. My team and I are already working on what other reengineering opportunities. But we are also looking to protect the staff. We don't want to reduce staff due to the pandemic, and we have good people. And as long as they're really productive, which we are driving in a sense of what we can do, we want to keep and maintain that. But we've restricted new hirings, additional hirings, etc. We've looked at everything that is more controllable on a case-by-case basis, and we'll continue to do so. And based upon how things are playing out, even including to the last question, we see opportunities that we could reduce expenses going forward. Now with that, we'll always work to enhance our reengineering processes, which we have in place. But the tax benefit does give us a little more leeway and that was what it's for relief on, so that we can maintain our staff levels a bit more at the same time that we work through this pandemic. So we feel really good, but we will control expenses tightly. But we will try to maintain the flexibility so that we don't have to hit the staff levels, which I think would be really positive because we have a good business, and we have good people.
Walter Berman: This is Walter. I'll just add to Jim. Because he covered pretty much it, we always, to your point, are very focused on ensuring that we have process and improvements that relate to reengineering opportunities. And as Jim said, we just with this change heightened that and that's really so what we're feeling that we are certainly focusing on that category to ensure that we are effective and are protecting margins too from that standpoint to the degree we can too, OK? So it is really a major focus on the part of the firm.
Humphrey Lee: That's helpful. And then I know for Protection, it's a relatively small part of the business and also you have closed LTC book. As we think about the impacts from COVID-19, do you can you provide some color in terms of the claims exposure? How should we think about the net mortality sensitivity to the number of deaths that you may see?
Walter Berman: Sure. And certainly, from our standpoint, we have evaluated our coverage both from a protection standpoint and also looking at some of the benefits that you derive in the other products. The one thing to keep in mind is, 75% of our mortality is reinsured. So we have a substantial benefit. And we've looked at all the aspects of the protection, annuities, long-term care offsets, the impact to us is minimal. And when we've done evaluations on and as it looks at if there's 100,000 deaths, a couple of hundred thousand deaths, we so we feel very comfortable with our proactive approaches and the way we've managed that.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The last question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. So I want to drill down a little bit more on some of the earlier questions, particularly with regard to the bank. Could you give a sense of where you're investing and the durations of those investments? And then in terms of where the assets are coming, is it predominantly coming from the sweep accounts, which now total over $32 billion? And could you get a large chunk of those sweep assets?
Walter Berman: So Andrew, it's Walt. Let me take a shot. So we previously have been certainly positioned in floaters from a mortgage back-floaters and things. But what we did is we really heightened that when we saw that we there was a huge opportunity to get spread with high-quality paper. And so we invested a substantial amount in basically fixed-term that was giving us benefits that were giving us 300 basis point spreads. And so we were feeling comfortable about that. And we deployed money as it relates to that. So and yes, the majority of the money is coming from certainly sweep. But some money is coming just coming into the bank from our clientele. So yes, I think it gives us a good opportunity to really get spread income, especially when the sweep accounts are really now dropped to minimal, minimal earning rates from Fed funds.
Andrew Kligerman: And so Walt, do you think you can get a large chunk of that sweep business?
Walter Berman: We can transfer it. Yes, we can still have opportunity to transfer more into the bank, certainly.
Andrew Kligerman: Terrific. And then this is kind of a tough one just given the investment management environment. But you mentioned how retail sales were up 50% year-over-year in the quarter. You certainly ended the fourth quarter on a very high note with improvement. So as you look out to the subsequent quarters, and maybe it's just too hard, but do you think you could replicate the improvement in the near-term that we saw in the fourth quarter? Or is it just going to be a very pressured environment as we look to the next three quarters?
Jim Cracchiolo: So Andrew, thank you for asking that. It is one of if you looked at the quarter on a relative basis to a lot of our the competitive frame that's been in close to $10-plus billion of outflows in the quarter for some number of them. We were quite good. And the main outflow for us was really in a very low fee account, just like a few basis points, and some ex parent activity, which we usually get from the insurance book. But if you looked at the improvement, as I mentioned in the January and February, we were strongly nice in net inflow. And then with the extra redemptions in March, and those redemptions sort of have slowed now that the market stabilized a bit, that you're going to see when the markets get more volatile like that people start to reallocate or go to cash. The sales through April are opening up quite well on a consistent basis, which is real positive, and we're good about that. And our institutional, we have some good product that there has some interest in. So we feel still good about this. This is one that we're not taking our foot off the pedal here. We feel like we got good product to sell out there. And our product is performing well in many categories. So no, we're hoping that this will continue, and that's really been our focus. And you can you sort of track that improvement over the last number of quarters. And even with the dislocation that has occurred, you can even look at our outflows compared to the industry, which are quite improved. And on a relative basis, quite good. So that's where we're going to continue to maintain the focus. We think the team is doing a good job of keeping that focus even in this environment where people are working from home.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And then just lastly, I kind of this whole environment makes me think back to 2009, 2010. And you made that despite the pressures in the asset management sector, Columbia has been a fabulous acquisition. What are you seeing out there right now? Are there opportunities? Do you want to kind of sit tight with your excess capital because there might be an opportunity in lieu of buybacks?
Walter Berman: We always, as we've mentioned to you, we feel like and that's what we explained to you through the discussion we had at the end of last year at our community meeting that we are we do have a good hand. We've made a lot of improvements. We got good product. We've enhanced our distribution capabilities, our technology capabilities. And so we're continuing on that path, and we feel good that we can continue to make good progress there. Again, I do believe that you will find that sometimes when you have dislocations, people realize that maybe there are some other things they should look at, maybe consolidation will continue to occur in that light. So we have capability. We've been one of the few firms that have successfully acquired and integrated. We know that we have that capability. At the same time, we're not looking to rush out to do anything right now, we don't need to. We have a good but we have flexibility in case something comes along strategically. That can be a compliment to what we have. So we're just looking. And as we said, we feel good about where we are. We feel good about how our capital situation, but also our earnings. So but if something comes along down the road that makes some sense, we'll look at it. But right now, we really don't have any impetus to want to drive to something at this point in time unless it really fits neatly.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We have no further questions. This concludes today's conference. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. My name is Sophie and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note the conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alice you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, operator and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website; on Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward looking reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter 2019 earnings release, our 2018 annual report to shareholders, our 2018 10-K report. We make no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you will see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter. Below that you will see our adjusted operating results which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. Additionally, we are providing an annual update to our long term care disclosures as an appendix to the slides posted on our website today. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Ameriprise delivered an excellent fourth quarter completing a very good year. As many of you know we held our investor day in November to give you even deeper understanding of our go-to market strategies and long term growth plans. I want to thank everyone who attended. We enjoyed our conversation with you. Regarding our growth strategy as we discussed there are four key areas driving our momentum. First, we have a significant opportunity to build on our strong position and further grow as a wealth management leader with deep client relationships. Second, we are transforming our global asset management business to meet the important needs for active management. Third, we are managing well developed insurance annuity books of business that generate significant consistent free cash flow and finally Ameriprise is delivering profitable growth, has a sound balance sheet and is generating a high return for shareholders. On our call today I'll discuss our results. The operating environment and our progress executing the growth drivers which outlined at Investor Day. Turning to the markets, U.S. equities reached yet another record high and our average weighted equity index that reflects the mix of assets we managed finished up strongly for the year. As you know, the Fed interest rate cuts in 2019 are a headwind and yesterday the Fed said that interest rates remain unchanged. As January comes to a close equity markets remain strong but would a pickup in volatility. We cannot predict the year or market cycles but with deep client relationships, good cash flows and a strong balance sheet Ameriprise is built to manage these cycles and emerge stronger. Now let's discuss the quarter. On a consolidated level fourth quarter results were quite good compared to a year ago. On an adjusted operating basis we delivered revenue growth of 6% excluding auto and home revenue in the year ago period. Solid EPS growth up 11% even after absorbing some additional expenses in corporate. A return on equity of 38.6% XAOCI and unlocking which remains well above many peers and with the sale of the auto and home business we generated $161 million in net benefit on a full year gap GAAP pre-tax basis. Our assets on the management and administration reached a new high up 18% to $973 billion. We also achieved new records and wealth management for retail client assets and advisor productivity that I'll discuss further. With that let's now turn to our growth engine Advice & Wealth Management. We delivered solid revenue and earnings growth in the fourth quarter even with significant decline in short-term interest rates. Margin in AWM was nearly 23% and continues to be among the best in wealth management. I'm pleased with how we're executing our priorities. We're growing our client base serving more affluent investors in deepening client relationships. It all starts with the large and compelling market that we're concentrating on. Responsible investors with $500,000 to $5 million in investable assets. They are looking for comprehensive advice and strong digital capabilities from an advisor and affirm that they trust. Ameriprise is uniquely positioned to serve this market and it's translating into terrific results. We had an excellent year in Advice & Wealth Management including some nice fourth quarter highlights. Client assets [were up] 19%. Our fee based advisory business continues to stand out with more than $4 billion of inflows into advisory in the quarter. This brings total wrap assets at $318 billion to 26% increase. Importantly we had strong client acquisition results in the quarter particular in our fluent target market and we saw a good pickup in transactional activity as more clients engaged with us in financial planning relationships. And in the quarter advisor productivity increased 6% as advisors leveraged the extensive support we offer to help them grow. In recruiting we had another good year. We continue to attract experienced advisors from across the industry. In addition another 63 advisors joined us and it's one of the best quarters for recruiting large production practices. What's behind our continued success? The deep long-lasting relationships we work diligently with clients and we using a goal based device expertise and enhance client experience to deepen these relationships even further. We are also leveraging our recent investments to drive future growth. Here are some updates. We continue to increase uptake of our digitally enabled advice experience to even more clients. We completed the rollout of our custom advisory relationship program. We’ve finished the conversion of our new customer relationship management platform, and we're growing the Ameriprise bank. We brought more than $1 billion of cash sweep balances on the balance sheet in the fourth quarter bringing a full year total to close to $4 billion and we will continue to bring sweep deposits on the balance sheet. This year we will be adding additional capabilities including a mortgage program, pledge loans and a savings deposit product. I also like to point out that outside of the bank Ameriprise wealth management expenses will come back to more normalized levels in 2020. We also continue to receive important recognition in the industry. Ameriprise was recently certified by JD Power for providing an outstanding customer service experience. Our teams work hard to deliver industry-leading service. So this means a lot. I leave you with this take away with our advice value proposition and the investments we've made we have a great opportunity to continue to grow in the wealth management business. I'm energized by the opportunity we have in front of us. Now I will turn to our INA businesses. These are strong books that provide earnings diversification and stability. We're focused on delivering insurance and annuity solutions that satisfy client needs while continuing to evolve a solution mix. In the quarter we generated $185 million in adjusted operating earnings for the protection annuity businesses in line with our expectations. And we continue to generate strong free cash flow. In terms of annuity sales total variable annuity cash sales were up when compared to a slower quarter last year. And for the years sales were in our typical range of about $4 billion. This month we’ve launched our structured solutions annuity product designed exclusively to meet the needs of Ameriprise clients. We expect this will help shift even more of our books away from products will guarantees. Fixed annuity sales were down year-over-year in line with our plan. In protection we focused on continuing to shift from IUL to VUL where we had a very strong growth in VUL sales compared to last year. Overall life insurance of course remained stable at $195 billion. As always we focus on managing risks appropriately and ensuring we have the right product designs for our clients in the environment. We will also continue to evaluate further action regarding reinsuring the remaining fixed annuity block this year. Moving to asset management earnings was strong and flows continue to improve. We remain focused on serving client needs and pursuing long-term growth opportunities in key areas. Columbia Threadneedle ended the quarter with $494 billion in assets under management up 15% on improving flows and positive markets and the earnings contribution to Ameriprise remained good. We're making good progress executing our strategy and you can see that in our flow picture. We generate $3.3 billion in net inflows in the quarter which was up $8 billion from last year. This is our third consecutive quarter of improved flows. Investment performance was excellent in 2019 across equities, fixed income and asset allocation portfolios. On an asset waited basis for our Columbia funds over 75% are above medium for 1, 3 and 5 year time frames. For Threadneedle funds over 80% beating their benchmarks for those same time periods. And we're seeing improved results across strategies and regions with global retail leading the way. In U.S. retail we have been increasing our market share at six of our top eight broken deal partner firms and gross sales in our key strategies are good. Our equity flow rate in the quarter was strong. In fact of the 17 active firms we’ve benchmarked we were in the top five and one of the few that were in net positives for the quarter and in fixed income we continue to go on a good flows and we feel that we can improve even further. We are seeing a particular strength in our income franchise, for example, our dividend income, strategic income and mortgage opportunity funds generated more than $2.2 billion in combined net inflows in the quarter. In EMEA retail with BREXIT now moving forward and reduced uncertainty in the UK settlement in Europe has improved. Net flows improved by $2 billion from last year. We are making good progress. In fact, we were in net inflows and nearly all of our key markets in Europe. Now that we have built out our [indiscernible] product range and in global institutional net inflows improved by more than $2 billion experienced to a net outflow of $1 billion. We are gaining traction in number of areas that we talked to you about in November. It was another good quarter in asset management. We have a strong product lineup, excellent performance and global reach and we're focused on executing well to maintain our momentum. Now, let me turn to a final key area of focus our capital strength, which is outstanding. Last quarter I highlighted our strong excess capital position and the benefits of the successful sale of the auto and home business in terms of freeing up capital and focusing our efforts on our core businesses. Ultimately, we ended the year at $2.2 billion of excess capital. In the fourth quarter as a continuation of a strong return of capital we’ve returned 125% of operating earnings through the pickup in the pace of our buyback. And for the year, we reduced our overall share count by 8%. To summarize it was an excellent quarter and year for Ameriprise. We're in a strong position. Later this year will mark up 15th anniversary as an independent publicly traded company. We're incredibly proud of what we've accomplished. Importantly, we're proud of how we recognized for our client service, our records of outperformance and how we consistently deliver for shareholders with poised and energized to build on our record of performance and growth. Now Walter will discuss the financials in detail and then we'll take your questions. Walter?
Walter Berman: Thank you Jim, Ameriprise delivered another strong quarter of financial results and business metrics. We've adjusted operating EPS of 11% to $4.20. This was supported by strong 6% revenue growth excluding the auto and home business that we sold in the quarter. The quality of earnings across our businesses was quite strong. However, within the corporate segment there were a few timing related expense items that I like to explain. First, we incurred higher-than-normal impairments in our low-income housing portfolio, totaling $25 million. The portfolio continues to perform well, and we do not anticipate any impact to our going forward expected tax benefits. Second, as part of our re-engineering process and evaluation of our overall expense base going into 2020 we took an elevated level of a severance charges in the quarter of $11 million. This action positions us well moving into 2020. Finally, we had significant share price appreciation in the quarter which required us to mark to market some of the previously issued share based compensation awards. This was a $6 million absolute impact in the quarter, but an $18 million variance year-over-year. Going forward we expect our corporate segment losses to return to the $70 million range. On October 1 we closed the sale of auto and home to American Family. The transaction generator net benefit of $161 million over the course of the year, but it's not recognized within our operating results. We returned the 125% of earnings to shareholders in the quarter and 110% for the year based upon the sale of auto and home and the changes in our risk profile. We entered 2020 with strong balance sheet fundamentals with $2.2 billion in excess capital and a lower risk profile with long-term care continue to perform well, which you can see in the appendix. In 2020 we will evaluate reducing leverage or remaining committed to return capital at a pace of 100% plus. Let's turn to page 6. As I mentioned adjusted operating net revenue was up 6% to $3 billion after excluding auto and home from the prior year period. Revenue growth was driven by Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management. In Advice & Wealth Management we had a substantial increase in wrap assets and improve transactional activity driving an 8% increase in revenue. In asset management revenues grew 9% including strong performance fees. Annuities and protection revenue was essentially flat. In summary, we delivered strong EPS growth of 11% and a return on equity of nearly 39%. Turning to slide 7, you can see that our business mix continues to evolve with Advice & Wealth Management generating over half of the company's earnings up from 33% five years ago. This profitability improvement has been driven by fundamental organic growth and well managed expenses while still investing for future growth. We've seen a consistent shift in our business mix over the past few years and expect this to continue as we focus substantial investments in areas of opportunity within wealth management business. Advice & Wealth management continues to perform well, of course leading and lagging indicators. As you can see on slide 8 Advice & Wealth Management adjusted operating net revenues grew 8%. Wrap assets were up 26% to $318 billion with net inflows of $4.4 billion in the quarter. Transactional activity also increased 5% year-over-year. We had a good quarter for experience advisor recruiting with 63 advisors joining us from other firms in the quarter with much higher trailing 12-months productivity. And market levels improve nicely. Pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were up 5% or $19 million in the face of a $22 million headwind related to recent Fed rate cuts. A strong increase in revenue allowed us to continue to drive profitable growth despite short-term interest rates. G&A increased 6% excluding the bank consistent with expectations. We are continuing to make substantial investments for growth and seeing elevated volume related expenses given strong activity levels. Our expectation is that G&A growth excluding the bank will be in the range of 3% to 4%. Finally, our margin was solid at 22.6% and we expect we can maintain it in this range. Let's turn to asset management on page 9. In the quarter we saw a substantial 8 billion improvement with net inflows of $3.3 billion. Excluding former parent related flows net inflows were 4.2 billion benefiting from continued improvement in retail in North America and Europe as well as from reinvested dividends. From a financial perspective the business is demonstrating an improved trajectory. Asset management continues to generate substantial revenue and pre-tax adjusted operating earnings for Ameriprise. Pre-tax adjusted operating revenue was up 9% to $770 million driven by strong performance fees and market appreciation with lower pressure from the cumulative impact of flows. Underlying expenses remain well managed. Within the quarter expenses were impacted by elevated performance fee and year-end timey related compensation adjustments as well as a higher distribution expense associated with revenue growth. Margins in the quarter were 36% remaining in our target range of 35% to 39%. Turning to page 10, results in annuities and protection are solid. Annuities continue to perform in line with expectations with very consistent profitability. We saw good improvement in variable annuity sales up 9% in the quarter. They are still down for the full year. We have launched a new structured variable annuity product in the first quarter that will further diversify our offering away from living benefits features and our variable annuity net amount of risk still remains one of the lowest in the industry. Protection earnings were down slightly to $65 million. Claims remain in line with expectations. Now let's move to balance sheet on slide 11. We accelerate the pace of capital return to shareholders in 2019 with $2.4 billion returned via buybacks and dividends. This is a continuation of our long-standing track record of capital return. In fact, over the past 10 years we have returned over $18 billion to shareholders and reduced our diluted share count by approximately 50%. We continue to generate substantial free cash flow which along with excellent balance sheet fundamentals will support continued capital return. We’ve entered 2020 from a position of strength with 2.2 billion of excess capital. We remain committed to returning capitals to shareholders assessing potential changes to our capital structure to best support our current business mix and evaluating additional reinsurance opportunities. With that we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey good morning. So I'm looking at the advisor count and you're at 9871. It's roughly flattish with the last year's number. Could you talk a little bit about your ability to grow that count going into 2020 and the productivity of those advisers? I know revenue per advisor was up 6% year-over-year. A lot of moving parts there. So how do you see that evolving in 2020 as well?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so we think that the advisor count would probably pick up a bit as we go forward. We actually netted out a number of advisers in the IPI area and others as we reformed and restructured that channel as well as in some of the central sites as we shifted things around. But we actually feel good about the recruitment. We're actually focused a bit more on higher productivity. And so the average productivity of the people who are leaving us are still much lower. So we focused mainly on the growth of that productivity and the type of people we are bringing in but I think the advisory account should probably pick up a bit more like we were doing more at the beginning part of the year and I feel good about the type of productivity we're bringing in in the recruitment end and the ramping up of the people who are here.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And staying on Advice & Wealth, fee rates they were around 108 basis points by our calculation in the quarter and that's kind of versus the recent 109 to 111 basis points range over the last two years or so and so I don't know is that a function of moving upmarket and why is that and where do you see the fees kind of shaking out in 2020 and ‘21?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think it's part of the idea of us continuing now to bring in more clients at a little higher levels where then the rates get a bit lower as the asset levels managing are a bit higher and so that's actually it's a good positive thing for us. I mean our net inflow of client activity is pretty strong, continues to be good and consistent and we are bringing in more clients and the more affluent and we're probably going to embark on something this year to even focus a bit more even on the higher net worth channels. So I think that's a favorable for us.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And one last quick one. 110 payout ratio, 110% in 2019, $2.2 billion of excess capital. Could you get that ratio even higher in 2020?
Walter Berman: We could but the answer is I think as Jim said at the investor day we are targeting at this phase 100% plus and but we are certainly monitoring and evaluating Andrew as we do but certainly we have the generation capacity and we will be evaluating that as we move forward. 
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking our questions. A question related to the G&A expenses. I think Jim in his prepared remarks you talked about expenses should normalize in 2020 and I think specifically in W&M, G&A expenses excluding the bank would be kind of 3% to 5% growth but I guess when you look at the overall enterprise how should we think about the expenses in general and then also how much of a banking related expenses, do you anticipate for A&WM?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So, I think as we indicated, yes I think what you said for AWM the expense range around after log non normalizing for the bank is be in the 3% to 5% range. As relates to AMP, it is lower than that and it normally would be in the range of 2% and at that range. So, we anticipate that will continue as we look but as we evaluated but that is what is reasonably good expectation.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. So, including the bank or AMP, overall and G&A expenses would be in the 2% range. Is that kind of what you're suggesting?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, the bank will be above that because we normalize or at the AWM level it's about 200 basis points, if you add for the bank. So, I can on this you know and again its obviously be a little less for AMP because the AMP size of expense base will be neutralizing forward; gives a little less impact.
Humphrey Lee: Okay.
Jim Cracchiolo: But that is basically from that standpoint and normalized number.
Humphrey Lee: Okay, got it. And then, in again in your prepared remarks you talked about the fixed annuity block. It doesn’t look like these are the lower interest rate right now effects how you think about the block in terms of potential transactions. Is that a fair statement and then also can you remind us how much pressured kind of flow that you have right now backing that business?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, listen the interest rates do effect it but we do believe there is and we're evaluating that there is potential liability and certainly pursuing a fixed annuity reassurance and we are in discussions. We’ve evaluated that. This is a general range, it's probably around an area of $750 million to $800 million that we can free up.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: The following question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just one within the asset management business, a follow-up on the prepared remarks you touched upon seeing improving investors sentiment within the U.K. EMEA region due to breadth of clarity. I'm wondering whether you would expect to see further improvement in that fund flows of this year due to the increasing clarity and perhaps you could just tell us which products investment products you could see potentially gaining from this improving sentiment. Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So, I think you're more explicitly asking about U.K. and Europe our EMEA business. Yes, we saw a nice improvement bounce back occurring in the fourth quarter, moving from some negative in the first month of the quarter to actually inflows in the second and third month of the quarter. And we see that continuing. Europe was actually positive for us good, U.K. was a still a coming back but was still a bit weaker but we feel like that will start to change in remitting now that they gone through the elections at the end of the year. So, we're pleasingly optimistic that there will be with a little less uncertainly. I mean there's still uncertainty to extent of what is that trade agreement and things at the end of the year. But the people in London are feeling better and feel like the business can't come back there and the appetite would increase. And we have a good lineup. I mean we have excellent performance in our funds. U.K. equity type products are really good, we've gained even then a negative year, flows there. And we now have a full aligned products in the CKF range in Europe. And that both well for us as there is a pickup and we're seeing that pickup in things like European equities and various things like that. So, we're positive on that to be an improvement this year.
Kenneth Lee: Great. And just one follow-up if I may. Looking at the former parent company related outflows, looking back over the past years so and that outflow is related to that have been declining. Just wondering whether we would expect a similar kind of trajectory going forward or I just want to get your thoughts there. Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, I think we've seen some improvement in the domestic part of that and the outflow from our relationship here. The Zurich activity has been pretty consistent, once in a while they'll have a pension the closes and then some lumpiness but it's pretty much been running like what we've seen from quarter-to-quarter just based on the drawdown of these closed books and assets. But as I said the assets that remained there through the combination of appreciation and even some difference in some of the products that we replaced that have a bit higher fee. The revenue gets so upset even though that flow negative and that book is there. So, but I would probably say it's been running that way consistently for a while, so I don't see much change there from a flow. But the revenue's been pretty stable.
Kenneth Lee: Very helpful, thank you very much.
Operator: The following question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thanks. Deposit volumes in 4Q '19 for VAs was the highest since 2Q '18. Thought it was somewhat surprising given the client and rates during the year and associated repricing activity. Can you talk about your positioning in the distribution environment there? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. We did see a bit more of a pickup. I mean, a year ago this quarter it was a slower period for us. But we saw a bit more activity towards the end of the year. We actually just in the end of this month we just launched our structured annuity product and we actually think that would pick up some traction as well in the current year and shift some of the business from the guarantee product. I mean, we still sell a reasonable portion out of annuities without living benefits as well which is good. So, we're not looking for substantial growth but we're looking for probably a bit more growth but also is shipped to now some of the structured product as well which is good for us. So, we want to keep that book growing or stable with slight growth which is good. And the mix improving, so that's what we're probably seeing right now.
John Barnidge: Oh, great. And my follow-up, does breadth of clarity change your view around M&A for asset management as I believe the fee rate for retails a bit higher on EMEA than in the U.S.?
Jim Cracchiolo: No. We want to continue to growth in EMEA and Europe to the point you referenced based on fee rates and the use of actives as well. So, we keep our eye out for opportunities but we actually feel like some of the investments we're making in the expansion of resources that we're putting on the continent gives us some opportunity for further growth there as well.
John Barnidge: Thanks you for the answer.
Operator: The following question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Just a question on the AWM growth, just looking at page 13 of the supplement, it looks like total client AUM versus the wrap accounts is growing a bit slower. Just curious if or using outflows in the non-wrap business and overall how was that impacting your growth in that business and just overall economics.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, looking at the client flows that's still pretty very good. So, there in excess of the 4 billion. I don’t know exactly with the ins and outs there is some ins and outs. But a shift between the non-wrap to wrap has slowed a lot. I mean, it's sort of leveled out. I can't tell you know like from period to period might be slight. But the net of the effect of what those flows are gross client net client inflows in total. So, it's within that realm I will probably say with the fourth quarter we just, the market's being where they were, I'll probably think activity was slow at a little more for investment purposes. Just because people were waiting for the next shoot to drop but I think it's been pretty stable.
Tom Gallagher: So Jim, just following-up on that. Would you say overall flows into the complex from a total client assets or would be closed to the 4 billion mark?
Jim Cracchiolo: It's not the 4 billion but in that range in the fourth quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, that's helpful. And then how should we think about total capital return, I mean I know you returned more than the 90%. Certainly last year, you're sitting on substantial excess as we stand today. How were you thinking about utilization of the excess, so you're thinking more strategic M&A, are there opportunities out there and then maybe doing more buybacks if nothing if you don’t find anything like where are you leaning now more toward with deployment of that excess particularly after the P&C capital free significant amount.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, as you saw we did pick up the buyback as we said. Walter just mentioned that we're probably looking to continue usually saying 90 to a 100, we're seeing probably a 100 plus at this point in time not knowing the world and the et cetera. But if it’s things presents good opportunities for additional, we do that. But we constantly monitor the cash flow continues to be quite good and strong. As Walter also said, we're probably looking to reinsure some more as we go through the year. So, I think buyback is still would be probably be the main return mechanism. We will look presenting to the board about a dividend increase again this year whether consistent with all the years that we have done that. And we always look at for some M&A strategically to fit in but that depends on opportunities that may come along and not but we have enough capital flexibility that should not affect our buyback trajectory.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our following question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks, good morning. Just wanted to start with the A&WM margin. So, if the fed is on hold now, is the impact of the what they did last year in terms of rate cuts sort of fully baked in to the 22.6 margin?
Walter Berman: Yes, basically it is, could small deviation but basically it is.
Suneet Kamath: And then at Investor Day, I mean I don’t want to nitpick here but you talked about a 20% plus margin in A&WM. Now on this call you're saying you could maintain a 22.6%. Is there sort of a change in how you're thinking about that margin relative to what you told at Investor Day?
Walter Berman: No, not at all.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then, the last one I had is on the bank. I think we have a good sense of what the expenses are but can you give us a sense of what the bank revenues are and how you expect that to progress as we move through 2020?
Walter Berman: Yes. So, as we indicated, we had a small profit in 2019 and we do expect with the launches of different products and adding more transversely money over the revenues will grow. Obviously, this is a challenging market for investments. But on that base we do see that revenue is growing and it's us increasing our profitability in 2020.
Suneet Kamath: Do you have a sense of the revenue base there right now from the bank?
Walter Berman: Let me. I don’t want to guess, so I will get back to you.
Suneet Kamath: All right. Thanks, Walter.
Operator: Our following question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you, couple of follow-ups on advising `well sort of a long same line as Suneet's questions. I guess first would you expect cash yields to be pretty stable going forward if the fed remains on hold, are there any competitive dynamics that could create some noise there?
Walter Berman: No. I don’t believe that we see any. Obviously, we're constantly monitoring and measuring but no we don't see any of this at this time.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then, Morgan Stanley recently provided a target of getting its wealth management business margins to the 28% to 30% range over the next two years. And I realize there are differences between its business in years. But do you see getting to kind of a mid-20% margin is something that maybe achievable over the intermediate term as the bank reaches scale and if you continue to improve advisor productivity levels.
Walter Berman: Yes. I would say, listen I mean one of the things very clearly as you have sort of compressed rates out there with what the fed recently did versus some of the banks that might have been started previously where based on their investments and other things like the warehouses with their banking entities and the use of that. But I would actually say if we get a bit better in some of the yield curve or some pick up a little better on some of the longer rates not substantially. I think you can see with what we're shifting into the bank with the development going through the bank. But that could be adding to margins even if the fed maintained rates right now. So to speak, depending on what happens in the larger climate. But we're ramping up the bank in a period when those things are pretty compressed.
Erik Bass: Got it.
Walter Berman: But we feel good about it because we it gives us the opportunity of things normalize a little better again.
Erik Bass: Got it, thank you. And is there a correlation between productivity and margin or just productivity just help drive revenues but kind of your payout stay the same and it's sort of margin neutral?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, the productivity over the years have definitely, I mean, you can see our margins have gone up pretty tremendously. We do, you see and still have sort of an independent and employee based, the employee margins have increased nicely, are independent sort of quite good. And so, we have added to margin based upon the productivity increase and the business growth. And I don’t see that changing substantially. I think what we're just managing is you have spurts in markets and other things. So, we just will averaging that outright now. But as Walter said our expense growth should come down a bit outside of the bank back to more normalized levels. So, we feel good about maintaining and improving that margin over time but again things are with the environment which you can always predict that and what the impact maybe in the short term.
Erik Bass: Certainly. And thank you for the comments.
Operator: And the last question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey guys, thanks for taking a couple of questions here. I have a few one AWM mostly. So, I guess first there is it possible for you to give us a sense how much in net interest income you expect to generate at the bank in 2020 and sort of what that contemplates, in other words are there more deposits you kind of move from sweep or whatever you move that's enough to kind of just put in into loans or other things you guys doing at the bank is my first question.
Walter Berman: I guess, let me -- first, since we start the bank mid-year, obviously we'll get the calibration effects that we'll get to manage at the moment increase on that basis. We will be increasing certainly as I indicated this week, flows into the banks so that will. But again as Jim mentioned, market, the rates are fairly constructive and we are certainly looking at book launching and have being more emphasis on our privileged loan program and certainly getting into a deposit program.
Alex Blostein: Okay. But no rough sense of in terms of the revenue dollars do you expect to get out of the bank this year?
Walter Berman: No, not exactly it did. Again it's new to FL, we'd have to we're not forecasting but certainly there'll be an increase and again we're assuming an increase in profitability but I don’t have the exact correlation.
Jim Cracchiolo: And Alex, we are forming as we have started to ramp up the bank, the shift in the sweep looking at the current environment regarding both the lending and investment strategy, the roll out of some of the products this year. We will be forming that and as that gets more informed. We will be chatting with you and informing you as well. So, it's just that the early stages of that. But all the ground work, all the foundational elements even the initial shift in the launch of the credit card, the initial sweeps et cetera have taken place. So, we're right on track to our plans but the second level of that will be forming as we going through this year.
Alex Blostein: Got it, thanks. And then in terms of the asset growth, so at a high level everything you guys are talking about sounds great in terms of recruiting, higher productivity et cetera. When we look at the wrap flows this year, they've decelerated versus last year despite the fact that what feels like it's been a very robust environment for the industry as well as some of your peers. So, what's been driving the decline in wrap accounts this year, what do you think is a reasonable EBIT dollar amount organic growth you expect to get out of that over the next kind of 12 to 24 months. And then, when you look I guess at the fee rate on wrap accounts, that's also been coming down for the last couple of years. So, can it help us reconcile all those three maybe? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. We don’t really see that what you're saying per se. I know the wrap account in previous year to were a bit higher. But remember that was part of an industry shift, we were part of that moving with the deal well and activities and accelerating some of that transfer. But from an organic level as I said a $4.4 billion is still pretty nicely organically growth. And we see that continuing. We feel like our fee rates are pretty good as you've said as we continue to move up market. Some of the fees will be lower naturally based upon pricing. But now, I don’t see you know it could move slightly from what we said but I don’t see a slowdown per se. Our client activity is good. But we do a lot more business than wrap. And so, importantly it's not just a wrap business per se, we try to do more comprehensive business. But I feel that that's not necessarily I see a slowing. I see things go period-to-period but I think over the longer term we feel pretty good about it and we think that that will continue. Our wrap balances were up 26% year-over-year. So, I'm not sure at a line many thing in the industry, there may be some further shift for some people where they were behind on it and accelerating at that. We've always had a good strong wrap business.
Alex Blostein: Got it, great. Thanks, very much.
Operator: We have no further questions. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2019 Earnings Call. My name is John and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note the conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, operator and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Third Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website; on Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the Company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward looking reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our third quarter 2019 earnings release, our 2018 annual report to shareholders and our 2018 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you will see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the third quarter. Below that you will see our adjusted operating results followed by operating results excluding unlocking, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. We completed our annual unlocking in the third quarter. The comments that management makes on the call today will focus on operating financial results excluding unlocking. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning and thank you for joining us. As you saw yesterday, Ameriprise delivered another strong quarter. We're executing well investing for growth and are well positioned to capture larger share of the need for advice and solutions. This morning, I'll give you my perspective on the operating environment. Then I'll highlight our results and the traction we're getting across the business. Turning to the markets. Volatility increased given slower global growth and uncertainty around trade policy, the Fed cut short-term rates again and long-term rates remain volatile. And U.S. and European equity markets have been mixed. So our average weighted equity index was relatively unchanged. Next, let's review our business results in the quarter. I'll start by reinforcing three key areas of focus. First, our Wealth Management business continues to stand out producing strong results quarter after quarter. In today's climate, our advice value proposition is more relevant than ever before, and we're innovating to serve more of our clients and advisors needs and strengthening our position further. Second, we consistently generate good returns with our Asset Management and Insurance and Annuity businesses. These are well managed, highly profitable businesses that deliver strong free cash flow and play an important role in how we serve our clients. Third, our financial strength distinguishes Ameriprise and we've taken steps to further increase our capital flexibility. We are investing for growth and steadily returning capital to shareholders at very attractive levels. At a consolidated level, our third quarter results were quite good compared to a year ago. On an adjusted operating basis excluding unlocking, we delivered revenue growth of 3%, solid EPS growth of 8% and a return on equity of 38%, which remains well above many peers. Our assets under management and administration were $921 billion and within Wealth Management, Ameriprise retail client assets rose nicely to $612 billion, and advisor productivity increased to $650,000 on a trailing 12-month basis. We're proud of our track record and how we're helping clients while consistently delivering for shareholders. That brings me to our Wealth Management business our growth engine. Advice & Wealth Management continues to perform well and we are investing for further growth. We delivered good revenue and earnings growth in the third quarter and our margins increased to 23.5% among the best in Wealth Management. Responsible investors want relationships with an advisor and a firm they trust. They're seeking perspective to help them make informed decisions. That's what we deliver, a holistic advice across a clients full investment life, not a single stock trade. Comprehensive advice is a large and growing market and we are at the center of this opportunity. The way we deliver advice is setting us apart particularly with investors with $500,000 to $5 million in investable assets. There are some key factors driving our traction in Wealth Management. First, total client assets are up and client flows into fee-based advisory business continues to be strong. This is our 10th consecutive quarter of more than $4 billion of inflows into advisory, bringing total wrap assets to nearly $300 billion. We also saw a good pickup in transactional activity. Advisor productivity increased 5% from strong client flows and advisors leveraging the support resources of Ameriprise. And on the recruiting front, we welcomed 96 top performing experienced advisors from firms across the industry. Top branded and independent advisors are attracted to our value proposition in the growth potential bringing their practices to Ameriprise. We feel great about what we've put in place, but we're not standing still. Consumers continue to seek a personal relationship with an advisor complemented with digital capabilities that enhance the interaction and information flow. We're committed to meeting and exceeding that expectation, building up the strong capabilities, we already have in place. To that end, we continue to invest significantly in our client experience, capabilities, products and solutions. We have strong personal relationships with our clients and we're using our goal-based advice expertise to expand our base and deepen these relationships even further. Here are Highlights on four of our key initiatives in these areas. Our advice experience is coming alive as we work with more clients and continue rolling out additional digital capabilities as part of our confident retirement approach. We've been training advisors to implement our integrated suite of tools and we're hearing good initial feedback. Clients who have gone through the experience are feeling more confident and satisfied about how we're helping them track against their goals, and we believe this increased engagement will translate into higher productivity over time. In our advisory business, the rollout of our integrated customer advisory relationship is under way and will be completed in the next few months. With this program, our various advisory strategies work together on one technology platform giving advisors more flexibility to deliver personal investments and solutions based on client goals. This is a key capability as we serve a more affluent client base. We're also moving to a new customer relationship management platform that will help advisors manage and act on clients that are in activity in one place. This is an important enabler of the Ameriprise client experience. This conversion is on track and will be completed by the end of the fourth quarter. And following the bank launch, we continue to add deposits in the quarter with $2.5 billion of cash suite now transferred. In September, we launched a new line of Ameriprise Visa Signature premium credit cards and converted the existing Ameriprise portfolio. Looking ahead, we will be adding a new mortgage program and a savings product next year. In terms of these initiatives, it takes time to go from introduction to full engagement. So, we expect to see the benefits as our advisors uptake these programs and capabilities over time. And it's important to note that whenever we introduce new tools and capabilities, we fully integrate them into our ecosystem. I often hear from advisors who have joined us that this is a real point of differentiation for Ameriprise compared to other firms who simply provide advisors with individual tools. Let's turn to our INA businesses. These are strong books to provide earnings diversification and stability. In the quarter, we delivered a combined $189 million in adjusted operating earnings excluding unlocking. From a sales perspective, variable annuity sales were up 2% in the quarter. In Protection we had a nice growth in VUL sales reflecting the launch of a new VUL product earlier this year. However, total life sales were down, driven by IUL in this rate environment. Overall, sales remained stable and helped to replenish the book. We're focusing on managing risk appropriately and ensuring we have the right product designed for the environment that includes our successful VA hedging program, which we continue to enhance. We've also made several product adjustments including lowering cap rates on certain IUL products and pricing and benefit changes for our variable annuities. In regard to our closed-long-term care block, the strong actions we're taking in terms of rate increases and benefit changes are driving positive results and helping to offset the rate environment. As you know, we've reinsured a portion of the fixed annuity book and look to reinsure the remainder of the blocks when rates improve. Now, I'll turn to Asset Management where we delivered another quarter of solid earnings and remain focused on pursuing long-term growth opportunities. We've built a global business and have good scale as well as investment strength and we're expanding distribution in key markets. In a highly competitive marketplace, we're competing as a long-term player and making progress. Investment performance remains quite good over 1, 3 and 5-year time frames. On an asset weighted basis, more than 60% of our equity funds are outperforming and in fixed income, the outperformance is over 80%. Turning to flows, they have improved $6 billion from the year ago with net outflows of $1.3 billion; and if you adjust for former parent outflows in the quarter, we were slightly positive. Let me take you through the drivers. In U.S. intermediary though there continues to be pressure from passive, we're making progress in gaining share inactive with many of our large focus firms having consistently [technical difficulty] quarters. Redemptions have slowed and we're generating good momentum in strategies. I would highlight dividend income, strategic income, strategic municipal income and mortgage opportunities. When we look at our flow rates compared to active peers, Columbia Threadneedle retail equity rates have improved considerably. In fact, we are in the top third of active players we benchmark ourselves against. For fixed income, our flow rate continues to improve and there is an opportunity to move this further. In EMEA, the challenges from Brexit and slowing economies have pressured retail flows for the industry. We remain focused on building on our strength in the UK market and continue to expand our presence in key markets in Europe. Importantly, outflows in the quarter for institutional reflected the benefit of a large UK equity income mandate from an established wealth management that I mentioned last quarter. In addition, we began to pick up some other wins and high yield in other strategies. Overall, in Asset Management, our assets under management ended the quarter at $469 billion and the earnings contribution to Ameriprise remain good. We are managing expenses well and delivered an adjusted margin at 38%, which is in our targeted range. As we look forward, we are working to better deliver client solutions and investment strategies, generate consistent competitive investment performance and further improve our operational efficiency. Now I'll turn to our capital strength, a clear differentiator. As you are aware, we successfully completed the sale of Ameriprise Auto and Home earlier this month. We worked hard to ensure a smooth transition of the business, including securing all regulatory approvals. Our priority was to find a strong partner and a good fit for policyholders and employees, and we delivered. With the completion of the sale of Auto and Home on October 1st, we received over $1 billion and freed up $700 million of capital, adding to our strong excess capital position. We continue to focus on generating substantial free cash flow that we're reinvesting for growth and returning to shareholders. As we informed you, we increased our buyback in the quarter, returning nearly a 120% of adjusted operating earnings in the period. Due to the share price volatility in the quarter, we were able to pick up additional shares. In summary, it was a very good quarter for Ameriprise. We are in a strong position and we're executing our plans. With that, I'll turn it to Walter before taking your questions. Walter?
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise achieved another solid quarter of financial results. Ameriprise's adjusted operating net revenue was up 3% to $3.3 billion with limited equity market appreciation of only 1% year-over-year and year-to-date. Revenue growth was driven by strong 8% revenue growth in Advice & Wealth Management from an increase in wrap assets and improved transactional activity. Asset Management revenue was within expectations given the cumulative impact of net outflows as well as lower market appreciation than we've seen in recent quarters. And Annuities and Protection, are stable businesses with limited revenue growth. We continue to manage expenses well across the firm with total expenses up 4% excluding unlocking and general and administrative expenses of 3%. And we returned approximately 120% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders including increased share repurchase of $547 million or 4 million shares as well as $129 million of dividends. This resulted in a solid EPS growth of 8% and return on equity of 38%, which reflects a 680 basis point improvement. Turning to Slide 6, you can see that our business mix continues to evolve with Advice & Wealth Management generating over half of the Company's earnings up from 42% two years ago. This profitability improvement has been driven by fundamental organic growth and well-managed expenses while investing for future growth. We've seen a consistent growth for the past few years, and expect this to continue as we focus substantial investments in areas of opportunity within the wealth management business. Let's look at what took place in the quarter, beginning on Slide 7. AWM continues to perform well across leading and lagging indicators. Advice Wealth Management adjusted operating net revenue grew 8% with pre-tax adjusted operating earnings up 12%. This growth rate was impacted by the marginal growth in the WEI from last year, as well as headwinds from recent Fed rate cuts. That said, the quarter benefited from underlying organic growth that was quite strong, with wrap assets up 9% with net inflows of $4.1 billion in the quarter, and 6% improvement in transactional activity year-over-year. We had an excellent quarter for experienced advisor recruiting with 96 advisors joining us from other firms in the quarter, and a nice pipeline as we head into the fourth quarter, and the expenses were well controlled. D&A was up only 4% excluding the bank. We are continuing to make substantial investments for growth and seeing elevated volume related to expenses given our activity levels. Finally, our margin was excellent at 23.5% up 80 basis points year-over-year. As indicated, we have strong organic growth trends in Advice Wealth Management that you can see on Slide 8. Total client assets were up 4%, to $612 billion with wrap assets of 9% both on which have benefit from the solid trend of continued wrap net inflows in an environment where equity market depreciation was only up 1% year to date. Advisor productivity continues to trend upward reaching $650,000 per advisor on a trailing 12-month basis. Strong experienced advisor recruiting, new digital tools and capabilities and serving more of our targeted client markets are key drivers of this trend. Lastly, brokerage cash balances came in at $24 billion down slightly from the prior year and prior quarter. We earned 204 basis points up from 173 basis points a year ago, but down sequentially from 2010 reflecting recent Fed rate cuts. As other firms have mentioned, we too are monitoring potential Fed announcements and intend to pass along a portion of a Fed rate cut to our clients, while remaining competitive. Let's turn to Asset Management on Page 9. In the quarter, we saw a substantial $6 billion improvement in net outflows to $1.3 billion excluding former parent related flows. We were breakeven in the quarter. This improvement reflects better trends in North America intermediary as well as the $1.8 billion mandate from St James's Place that funded in the quarter. However, flows in EMEA continue to be impacted by pressure from Brexit. From a financial perspective, the business continues to generate substantial revenue and pre-tax adjusted operating earnings for Ameriprise. Pretax adjusted operating earnings were down 12% to $173 million driven by the cumulative impact of net outflows with limited offset from equity market appreciation of only 1% year-over-year and year-to-date. We remain focused on tightly managing expenses while making targeted investments in appropriate areas for future growth and manage required regulatory changes. Margins in the quarter increased to 38% remaining in our targeted range of 35% to 39%. Turning to page 10, results in Annuities and Protection are solid. Annuity earnings were down 8% to $119 million, primarily from continued low interest rates and net outflows. Unlocking was a favorable $1 million for Annuities which I will describe in more detail shortly. Protection earnings were up 8% to $70 million. The prior year included a one-time unfavorable cost related to reinsurance. The year-over-year change was in line with the expectations given claims remain within expected ranges despite being higher than a very favorable claim quarter last year for our disability insurance as well as the impact from lower spreads. Unlocking was an unfavorable $13 million from interest rates. Let's turn to unlocking on Page 11. In total, we realized a negative unlocking impact of $20 million which includes an unfavorable $118 million relating to interest rates. However, before we get into interest rates, I will explain some of the favorable offsets in unlocking. Annuities benefit from changes in equity-market volatility and correlation assumptions and long-term care benefited from the substantial work we have done to get higher expected premium rate increases and better uptake of benefit reduction offerings which more than offset morbidity impacts. We have an established consistent methodology for setting our interest rate assumptions. Every year, we assess both the ultimate rate in the past -- which to get to the ultimate rate. Given the liabilities to these blocks of businesses are long in nature, over 50 years in some cases, we assess historical rate changes that can occur over a long period of time and we only make changes to our assumptions when there is compelling evidence that warrants a change. Until recently, interest rate increases were consistent with the trajectory we have been modeling. As of 6/30/2018, the 10-year rate was 2.85% and increase to 2.84% by early November. By September 2019 rates dropped about 175 basis points. During a 10-day period in September, the 10-year rate recovered 44 basis points then dropped again. This volatility and velocity of change in recent periods supports. I believe that this movement is anomalous in nature and is not representative of the long-term expectations for the block over time. So, we left our ultimate rate at 5%. Based on this volatility and velocity of change, we felt it was appropriate to extend the grading period to reach our ultimate rate by a year and held the near-term rates flat. These interest rate assumption changes combined with the true-up for the actual interest rate at 6/30/19 relative to our prior assumption drove an unfavorable impact of $118 million. In the future, if we lower the ultimate interest rate by 50 basis points we estimate that the impact would be $65 million after tax. However, if we determine the environment was less volatile, we could change the grading period if it was warranted and it could reduce the impact. Now let's move to the balance sheet on Slide 12. We continue to generate substantial free cash flow and our balance sheet fundamentals are excellent. Our excess capital was $1.8 billion at the end of the third quarter and it will increase in the fourth quarter from the Auto and Home closing. Our strong balance sheet fundamentals and consistent financial performance across our businesses support our differentiated return of capital to shareholders. In the quarter, we returned $676 million to shareholders through buyback and dividends which was approximately 120% of operating earnings. This puts us on track to return 110% of operating earnings to shareholders for the full year. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Maybe just starting off on capital. So, you ended the quarter at $1.8 billion, on October 1st you received another roughly $700 million of capital freed up from the Auto and Home sale. So, basically $2.5 billion of re-deployable capital, do you think you might go above the 110% target in terms of repurchases in the fourth quarter, you did 120% this quarter, or do you see any attractive potential acquisitions out there that might be available and of interest, maybe you could give a little color on that?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. Thank you, Andrew. As you saw, we did pick up a buyback in the third quarter and that was 120% of earnings. We actually picked up over 4 million shares because of the price volatility. We are continuing to think favorably, our stock values, we think, undervalued against any of those metrics we look at or a competitive frame. So we think there's good value there. And as you said, we do have the capital. So I think one of the things that we will definitely be focused on is returning at a good rate to shareholders over time. If we go to acquisitions, we feel like we got a pretty good hand now, and we think that in time there may be some opportunities that come along, but we're not in any rush to use the capital that way unless there is something that really fits nicely and that we can get a really good return appropriate to our strategy. So, that's the way we're playing it right now, and we think we're in a good position because we have a very solid balance sheet, we're hedged really well, we've got really good liquidity, a good cash flow and it's a good thing to have right now.
Andrew Kligerman: And then maybe a little color on the Bank that you started up. I understand there were $8 million of expenses. Could you tell us what the incremental earnings were in the quarter, where you think they'll be in 2020? And maybe, is there a way to mitigate potential Fed fund rate cuts into that Promontory account that you have, the big sweep accounts that's the $24 billion. Can you move some of those assets out your bank and maybe mitigate any spread pressures that we might be anticipating?
Walter Berman: Okay. Andrew, it's Walter. In the quarter as we -- we had about $3 million of incremental profitability. But now, if you looked at our basic stat supplement, you would see that it's in the certificate aligned with the bank, so certificate went down but that was about the profitability we had there. Going forward, we do anticipate the Bank's profitability will be increasing as we get into the full year, the rate environment is a bit challenging, but you're correct. By bringing it on to our balance sheet, we can certainly take up our spread on that as we go forward.
Andrew Kligerman: And Walter there is an opportunity to move a significant portion of the $24 billion?
Walter Berman: Well, yes. As we indicated previously, we will be moving portions of it and we will evaluate the trade-off of doing that, but there is clearly an opportunity to move that and profitably into the bank and use this spread capability. It's a tough environment, but we will certainly be able to do that.
Jim Cracchiolo: And Andrew, as we've mentioned, we do have -- and the reason the profitability isn't there yet, but it will be growing nicely, is because of the ramp-up expenses that we bring on the resources, the platforms and do the launches of the various initiatives and products, et cetera. So that's well under way and very much appropriate to the plan we've put in place.
Andrew Kligerman: Excellent, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: It's for Advice & Wealth Management. What is your expectation for G&A expense going forward given some of the investments you've talked about and the continued ramp of the bank? Are there any seasonal impacts we should factor in for the fourth quarter?
Walter Berman: Sure, it's Walter. Yes, as you indicated, we are completing the initiatives of growth and certainly as we plan for the year and as you saw G&A declined sequentially. We do expect the expenses will come back to historic levels. But -- and seasonally in the fourth quarter, we do have higher expenses, but we do expect that in the season excluding that factor, it will return to that level.
Erik Bass: And when you said that level, you mean the historic level of growth in G&A kind of on a year-over-year basis?
Walter Berman: Yes, that's correct.
Erik Bass: And the fourth quarter, I think there is maybe some comp expense, is there a way to think about what size that spend historically?
Walter Berman: Not yet. But historically, I think last year I think it was about $10 million, but this year -- again, it changes, but that's the sort of seasonality, and we do have some year-end expenses of it in comp, but it's seasonally and it will be in that range.
Erik Bass: And maybe a bigger picture question. Recently a number of brokers and wealth managers have announced some fee changes, including reducing or eliminating trading commissions, non bundling advisory fees from investment fees for our separately managed accounts. Do you see this having any impact on your business, either from revenue or competitive standpoint and more broadly, are you seeing any pressure on wrap. Is there any move to unbundle the Advice and Asset Management components for route?
Jim Cracchiolo: At this point -- so first of all, what people have done is moved to zero fees in online trading, but if you recollect, it's gone from 20 to 16 to 11 to whatever it is, to 9 to 4 to 0, we really have not seen any impacts over the years ago. We're not really in the online trading, that's very minor activity for us, for our clients. From our perspective, some others have said they're reducing some trading transaction fees and advisory accounts. We don't have any transaction fees to our advisors or trading fees in our advisory accounts and even the more recent one I think UBS came out with something. We are unclear of what exactly it means so if we do have discretionary accounts, Columbia funds we don't charge a management fee for today, but SMEs are a small part of our activity as well. So we feel very good. As you heard in my opening remarks, we are very much focused on the value we provide against the holistic services we deliver rather than trading for stock or a transaction. That's not why clients come to us. It's not what we ask our advisors to do. So we feel very comfortable with that and the more that we can get our advisors to serve the clients more fully around the advice value, we feel like we can sustain a very good level of fee revenue and even though if fees adjust over time, we feel like the services we provide can really counteract that in a sense of what more we can do for clients. So, I feel good about what we're doing and where we're investing so that we can sustain the type of business model that we have, but we're not in the trading for no transaction fees or doing that to get people to just give us deposits to compete with the banking community. So we're focused on really what we do well, and I think that's why you can see the investments that we continue to make.
Operator: Our next question is from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: A question for Asset Management, like you've mentioned, the flows have been improving this quarter and then you called out in the press release that in North America, the retail flows were notably better. I believe your fixed income products continue to get traction and you've also got some new shelf space and at a distribution were kind of some of the key factors. Do you expect more expansion of shelf space and distribution relationship in the near-term?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So first of all you've said that back very well and understanding what we did say and we have been gaining good traction particularly in the larger firms that we're serving, we are getting more product on their platform as an example of some of the ones I've mentioned like our dividend income, our strategic income, munis, mortgage opportunities et cetera are actually gaining share and prominence, which is good because we weren't really known for on the fixed income side that much, but we have excellent products and excellent performance. So, these are the areas we want to continue to penetrate and get more of a share that we think we can for the types of products and performance that we have. So we are hard at work there. The other offset benefit is, in the past, some of our good performing funds underperformed a little bit in the period last year and now the performance is back, and that will help us because we experienced a bit more attrition in some of those things that now that attrition or redemptions have come down, which is good. So the combination of those factors we feel good about. Listen, it's a very competitive frame out there and depending on what happens in markets and volatility, but for the underlying we're making good progress, but we're going to keep at it. This is not a one event or a one inning so we just got to keep it up for nine innings here.
Humphrey Lee: That's helpful. Shifting gears to A&WM, the wrap net flows continue to be good, but I think it was a little bit light at this quarter compared to recent quarters. I think that may be related to kind of a little bit of a slowdown in the summer time as opposed to maybe a change in investor sentiment. Looking into the fourth quarter, I know it's still early, but can you talk about kind of your pipeline for the wrap net flows and how you think about the $4 billion marks going forward?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think it was exactly what you said, a bit of those seasonality but also a bit of volatility that we all looked at in the markets, where to stay tuned of what sort of is going to happen, and you can see markets pulling back and then recovering. I think right now it feels a little more stable and balanced. So, I feel that it's back on track. But there was a bit more of that volatility we experienced in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from John Nadel from UBS.
John Nadel: I have a couple of unrelated topics that I'm interested in. First, on the assumption review and specifically the interest rate component, Walter, so your ultimate earn rate assumption is unchanged at 5% and I think that's a new disclosure for you guys. But can you tell us how long you're assuming it will take to grade to that level?
Walter Berman: Yes, John. It will take -- we changed every year. It will take 3.5 years, but for -- in 2019, we are not expecting any increase in interest for those two quarters. So it won't grade until we get into the first quarter of 2020.
John Nadel: And what should we be using as a benchmark for that 5%? Is that like a single a 20-year, 30-year corporate or what is that?
Walter Berman: Actually, if you look at our investments and many of our investment, especially in long-term care and others are aware are actually above that, our investment strategy is certainly at that quality. But I -- we don't -- it's mixed across the board. So on that basis, it is really -- it's a 10-year treasury and but our investment strategy and our AER right now is actually in many cases over that.
John Nadel: Okay and then on the long-term care review, you mentioned that there is the benefit from premium rate increase is more than offsetting pressure from morbidity. I was just wondering if you could talk about what you saw in morbidity relative to your last assumption update a year ago. Obviously, it seems like it worsened. I was just wondering if you could maybe speak to order of magnitude there.
Walter Berman: Sure. So what we saw is as you expect -- as this experience continues and we get a more credible experience, an appreciable portion of that was related to that progression. And then we did see some changes taking place, but it was really at that level. Nothing that really surprised us as we look at the sales, looked at other elements we had going up, things going down, but really the thing to center on as this ages through, this will naturally -- you would basically increase that. So on the morbidity side, we're feeling quite comfortable with it. And as I indicated with the strategies that we've put in place and the traction we've gotten on, it was more than, as you can see from the chart, more than offset that.
John Nadel: Yes, no, I'm just thinking about some companies who are still sort of stubbornly assuming that morbidity improves over time and I know you guys are not really assuming that. So, that's what I was getting at, and not really...
Walter Berman: No and John, as we've told you over since we've started this, we have constantly taken -- once we assess the actual experience, we've certainly adjusted for that, but there was nothing here of any surprise whatsoever.
John Nadel: And then the last one for you, I just wanted to follow up on the G&A question within Wealth Management. Maybe I can ask it this way, if we ignored the idea of some seasonally higher expenses related to comp and other, what's a better indication of sort of your underlying expectation for G&A, is it the second quarter level that was closer to $350 million or is it the third quarter level that was more like $35 million?
Walter Berman: That's an interesting question. What we were saying is the expenses are well managed with making the investments, we are indicating that we are certainly feeling comfortable about being at historic levels. And all we're saying is, in the course we're heading out of the third quarter into the fourth, you're going to see the normal increases. So that's what we're trying to manage people's expectation within that element, but we feel quite comfortable with the back and certainly be managed within the historic growth levels.
John Nadel: Okay. I mean the only reason I asked is, I think last quarter you guys indicated the second quarter was what you expect to be a run rate into the back half and obviously you did much better in the third quarter, that's all.
Walter Berman: The only thing -- let me actually, let me just try and reposition that. I think we said that the year would actually wind up because the second quarter was high, we said we wanted to give people expectations at the back half is that if we wind up lower and that the year would wind up about 6% in that range.
John Nadel: Yes. Okay. Thanks for the clarification. I appreciate it. Great quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Gallagher from Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Jim, just maybe starting on flows, you had highlighted that the U.S. is seemingly having better traction here, but still some headwinds in EMEA, and it does look like though for the last couple of quarters we've been selected to a better level on flows, do you think we're going to sustain some of the improvement here for a while or when you consider what's going on in Europe, is there more of a chance that will revert to kind of that $6 billion to $8 billion of outflow quarterly level that you had been running at going back a year. Or do you think, you will sustain some of that improvement?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, Tom, I think if I -- and it's hard to know what's going to happen in the market or the political climate. I think what I would say is we have seen, to your point, more consistent improvement, not just the one-time. I mean, we did get an extra win, but it's from a long-term client that we have got wins over the years. It was just a little more lumpy because of something that happened there where they allocated a bit more funds to us in one quarter, but what I would say is, Europe is slower and the same thing with the UK because of the Brexit and because of some of the economic situation there. But if that was to resolve a bit more, I actually think that the gates would open a little more and flows would come back in. So my team in London et cetera, feel good about where they're positioned. But if you look at many firms there, the flow situation has slowed tremendously because of that situation. So I don't think it will get worse. The question is, could it get better if they actually have some movement there. And the answer, we feel, is yes but yes. But again, who knows, that's been going on. It looks like there is some positive movement, but we'll see if that happens. In the U.S., we've made some steady progress. We feel we can continue to make some steady progress. We feel like we've got some good products on the shelves and then more that we think we can get on, and it's really in the U.S. more about volatility and what happens. And but if the markets continue to be relatively in good shape, we think that the traction can maintain.
Thomas Gallagher: Walter, your comment on the cash sweep that you intend to pass on some of potential future Fed cuts to customers and you'd -- I guess it would be kind of a split between how much yield take and how much you'll pass on to customers. Is there going to be a point at which you can't pass any of it on to the customers anymore, just assuming you hit your zero crediting rate, like how far are you away from that scenario or do you still have a decent amount of room left?
Walter Berman: Obviously, let me start -- the thing that governs that is our competitive overview as we look at those rate cuts coming through, and that's what we've done and we've indicated approximately for these cuts that have just occurred that we bore 80% and 20% was passed to the customer. We still have room. We will evaluate it based upon -- again the competitive element within that, but there is still room to certainly have that done -- shared.
Thomas Gallagher: And I just wanted to get clarification on your balance sheet review, the 5% interest rate assumption. Is that a 5% 10-year treasury interest rate assumption that you're using?
Walter Berman: Yes it is.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. I guess the question on that is, that's a bit above where peers are and well above and what's implied by the forward curve, if it's only a $65 million negative adjustment from lowering that, why not just lower it just because as of right now you're somewhat of an outlier in terms of using that assumption. I don't know if that, that's something that you all have thought about.
Walter Berman: It's a good point. Listen, we have studied this and we -- our actuaries have been through this and we have looked at, and we've been using the 5% and actually we were grading toward it certainly as we exited in 2018. And certainly, as we indicated, the rates were for the last three years grading toward that. So we did feel that this is an anomalous situation and as whether it being an outlier or not, we feel that rate is appropriate looking at the long-term nature of our liabilities and other aspects. So certainly we will continue to evaluate as we go through, but we felt that was appropriate.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: As you think about your excess capital position and low interest rates, then you get toward year-end statutory cash flow testing. Would you anticipate much of a negative impact as you go to the statutory review at year-end?
Walter Berman: Again, we're going through review now but my handicapping is no, probably not, but I think at this stage, again, as you all know, it's a complex formula.
Ryan Krueger: And then just a high-level question, I guess you have an Investor Day in about a month. I think it's your first one in quite a few years, just curious if you can give us any kind of high level sense of what your key priorities are for that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we would like to walk you further through the transformation that we've made at the firm, areas that we've invested in and give you a little better flavor for what that looks like, and how we're operating and what it could mean to us moving forward, and just have a further chat with you. It's always hard to do it in these type of phone calls and so we thought it was time for us to spend a little more time with you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Couple of follow-up questions on the Bank, I guess, first -- sorry, if I missed it, but how much did the Bank contribute to net interest revenue this quarter and I guess the credit card portfolio, it was only there for about a month, so maybe, Walter, give us a sense of kind of what's the incremental benefit to revenues into Q4. I'm just kind of run rating the full quarter of the credit card portfolio coming over.
Walter Berman: As I indicated on PTI basis it was $3 million. I don't have the exact number now on the net revenue element of that, but again, so, Alex, that started up in May, so I will -- we can get you that number. As the credit card -- the credit card, again it's handicapping the contribution that's going to come from the credit card. It is a $200 million book of business. It is certainly well seasoned and it is going to have good profitability. I just don't have the exact number that we're anticipating at this stage.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, and I would just want to reconfirm. As we're ramping up the Bank, there is a lot of expenses including like in the quarter, as you mentioned, the transfer of the credit card portfolio and the launch of that et cetera. So, the judge on profitability, it will ramp up over time. We just got a lot of cost initially until we get the revenue streams ramped up.
Alex Blostein: Yes. Now, I totally get the profitability point for now and that actually going to speak to my next question. As you guys build out the Bank that could be an important shield to lower rates that you will be absorbing on the sweep accounts. So help us understand, I guess, maybe the difference in the spread between the NIM at the bank that you think you can realistically get today given where rates are versus what you are earning currently in the sweep account.
Walter Berman: Sure. Obviously, we're in a yield curve. So again our normal plans that we'd have in non-inverted situations are certainly has to be reevaluated. But by investing out in different instruments, I think we can pick up 50, 60 basis points at least and stay in -- if we stayed in floaters.
Alex Blostein: Got it, got it. Okay. And then when you guys talk about the excess capital think I know the answer to that, but that already takes into account the future capital that you will need to contribute to the Bank as you grow that, I think you moved some deposits over this quarter. I'm assuming, again that will come with some sort of a capital dynamic as well, and maybe help us think through like what are you ultimately managing that to? i think a lot of your peers, kind of could hover around 10-ish% leverage ratio or something like that. Is that a fair way to kind of think about the capital consumption of Bank?
Walter Berman: A little high, but certainly we have contemplated that into our certainly, analysis, as we indicated, growing the Bank from that standpoint. And so the $200 million plus we have in there now, certainly it was contemplated and then that came off with the -- if you just want to look at the reinsurances on fixed annuities from that standpoint, but our excess capital is quite strong and certainly the element of capital that will need for the Bank and the earnings that will be generated from the Bank, certainly not going to cause any issue at all. But you're a little high in the 10 percentage thing.
Alex Blostein: Okay, great. And then, Jim, just one question for you around more strategic angle, the Asset Management trends are clearly getting better, you guys made a lot of investments in the platform. And I think a lot of it's being rolled out next year, which should make you guys more scalable. How important a priority is M&A within that space for you guys, now the multiples have come down quite materially among the public players, maybe less so for the private, but you want to get your -- just check your pulse on the appetite for deals in the Asset Management.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, Alex, I think we actually feel good about the hand we have and so if something comes along that would really make sense or is appropriate. We can entertain it, but right now, as we said, we're really managing against what we have in place, continuing our transformation, rounding out the house a bit more in that regard. And so it's more, you know, if an opportunity came along that made a lot of sense, we would look, but we're not out there hunting.
Operator: Our next question is from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Just a question back on the assumption review, should we be thinking about any ongoing impacts in terms of earnings from the actions that you took in the third quarter here?
Walter Berman: No, not in VA and on the LTC it's flattened out, so, we really -- no.
Suneet Kamath: And would the same be true, if you lower that ultimate rate assumption from 5% to, you know, say, something 3% or 4% whatever it is. Would that be a one-time adjustment or would there potentially be some ongoing impact?
Walter Berman: I believe that will be a one-time adjustment.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. And then on the fixed annuity, I think you had said that you're looking to offload the rest of the block when rates improve. Should we be thinking about more of an environment like the first quarter of this year, would sort of be required to transact there?
Walter Berman: Actually, if you go back to when we did it, the rate was probably in the range between 250%, 270%. So again, then you do your calibration of what impact you want to have on seed. So, yes, that's a reasonable level to think about it, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath: And then maybe for Jim at a high level in terms of the wealth management business, I've just noticed it seems like there have been a lot of practices being added to Ameriprise and also leaving Ameriprise. I don't know if there's anything in the environment that's causing acceleration in practices moving around. But can you talk to maybe some of the departures that you've had over the past couple of quarters, I know you've said the pipeline looks pretty good, but I just want to get a handle on what's happening when advisors are leaving you guys.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, now, we own a net base, listen, there is always going to be recruiting against us and we pull in advisors, et cetera. I think the difference today is that in the past, it's always people who just try to recruit from us. So we do very well recruiting out in the industry. Our net pipeline and net production is quite good coming in, but you're always going to have some advisors leave for whatever reason or people want to pay up a little more. So that's the nature of the, exercise, so to speak, but we feel good about our position. There is nothing that we feel is unusual. I think some players are just trying to pay a little more these days that we don't know how rational it is, but that's what they do. But having said that, our retention is quite strong, you can see it. Year-over-year is very consistent. And our net gain is from really higher producers coming in versus the ones leaving. So we're pretty much on track.
Operator: Our next question is from John Barnidge from Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: This is a question back to the race for zero among online brokers. Could you actually see this as an event that could cause an increase in inbound interest from advisors at those platforms that are now interested in joining AWM platform?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, what we -- you see, I think the question comes is more of how those firms are thinking about what business they're trying to attract and where they've always played. So to me, when they move from, as I said $9 to $4 is the same as moving from $4 to zero. So they have continued to focus on what type of people they want to attract and some of those firms, one in particular, is probably focused more on deposits. I mean it's a tremendous part of their whole business right now. We're focused on wealth management and advisor planning and and clients around a longer-term wealth management and protection. So in our regard, it hasn't fundamentally changed as far as people are attracted to us, they do come to us. To your point, based on the value proposition, about the more holistic advice rather than a free trade or that they're going to someone who is looking at that activity in that regard or part of a banking activity, more broadly. So to me, it does situate us well and that's the reason we are attracting some good people coming to the firm but also our advisors feel really good about the investments we're making to further support them with this value proposition. So it's an excellent question. But yes, I think it does have some aspect, but fundamentally, the last move they made I think is more to make headlines than anything else.
John Barnidge: And then my follow-up question on the flip side, younger investors generally are more comfortable with robo advisors and index investing and maybe not engaging with wealth management advisors like prior generations have done. What is Ameriprise doing to adjust to that type of environment and bring them in-house now, possibly keep intact advisor client relationship for the next generation? Thank you for your answers.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think the question is, we've done a lot of research around this. And actually what we found is, don't get me wrong, just like if you go back a decade, two decades, as the discounters grew, there were some people who really continue to do self-serve or complemented their activities with some self-serve activities and that continue to grow. What's happening now in the robo et cetera, is the people who are actually gaining most of those assets are still the same type of discounters that are there if you look at where the growth is as they switch from the mutual fund supermarket to whatever. So for us in our research we find that actually the millennials are more attracted to working with a trusted advisor, but they want the digital capability, the information flow, the interaction. But they actually say to us that if they're going to entrust their money, they want someone that they can work with that they trust, that they can converse with in some sense, but they definitely want to be surrounded by the digital capabilities and that's why we're doing the investments we're making to round that out in further support. So for the people we go after, we call it the responsible mindset, we feel very good about continuing to appeal to them and your next question, what we're doing is the generational transfer. So, we are trying to tie back their parents and grandparent to the children and grandchildren, a bit more and that's an area that we're very much focused on.
Operator: And our last question is from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: High-level question on the Advice & Wealth Management margins, over the course of this call, you've discussed several of the underlying drivers, some of the things with regards to the banking initiatives, the core underlying trends, what's happening with expenses, but on the negative side we're facing the headwind with Fed rate cuts. Maybe you can pull that all together and discuss how you're thinking about the sustainability of the all-in modules you achieved this year as we look toward 2020 and beyond?
Walter Berman: Again, we -- as you indicated, the areas of strength that we have and the other aspects, there is certainly some headwinds against us, but the margins we believe are certainly sustainable. Obviously, as we look at it, there'll be some impact coming from the interest, but we do see a good trajectory with the growth we're seeing and the productivity and certainly, our ability to manage expenses is a key factor.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. My name is Sylvia, and I’ll be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s second quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on slide two, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our second quarter 2019 earnings release, our 2018 Annual Report to Shareholders and our 2018 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide three, you’ll see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results which management believes and enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating results. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. As you saw in our earnings release Ameriprise continues to perform well. We've delivered another strong quarter completing a good first half of the year. Today, I'll discuss a few important themes. First, our wealth management business is leading the way. It's the front end of Ameriprise and our growth engine. Second, our high quality asset management insurance and annuity businesses complement our leadership in the growing wealth management space. They deliver both competitive profitability and strong free cash flow. And third, we have an excellent financial foundation which provides important capital generation and flexibility. We continue to take steps to free up capital, invest to accelerate our growth and generate shareholder value while returning significant amounts of capital to shareholder. Turning to the operating environment; the economy continues to improve. Equity markets have recovered nicely from the pullback in the fourth quarter. Long-term interest rates have come down in the first half and it also looks as though the Fed may cut short-term rates in the near-term. During the quarter we achieved some new milestones. Assets under management and administration reached an all-time high of $916 billion, and Advice and Wealth Management retail client assets grew 7% to more than $600 billion also a new record. Additionally, we delivered double-digit EPS growth of 14% building on our track record. We've long maintained industry leading ROA and have taken it even higher to 37%, an increase of 670 basis points over the last year. Let's start with wealth management which is driving our growth. Our comprehensive advice based approach is highly relevant, effective and uniquely Ameriprise. Our approach is supported by a broad suite of solutions and anchored in strong personal relationships to meet clients evolving needs. Importantly, assets remain in Ameriprise through clients lifestages as their needs evolve from asset growth to preservation, income generation and estate planning. In fact, a recent report by research from Hearts & Wallets found an Ameriprise is a top performer in terms of average share of wallet across customers of all ages. This is an important distinction at a time when many investors are choosing to work with multiple financial service providers. We not only serve our clients full range of needs, we also derive consistent revenues for the business across market cycles. This recognition reinforces how we operate and serve clients. It complements our Temkin credential where across the investment industry Ameriprise number one in trust, number one in customer service, and number one in consumer forgiveness, and we're number one customer loyalty. Our advisors are also standing out in the industry. So far this year 335 Ameriprise advisors have earned prominent industry recognition including top rankings in Barron's, the Financial Times and Forbes. I'm proud to see our advisors recognized in the marketplace for their excellent client service and practice success. In terms of financials we're delivery meaningful revenue and earnings growth while we invest for the future. In fact, AWM generates nearly 80% of firm wide revenue when you include contributions from our complementary businesses. Our AWM margin remains strong at nearly 23% which is among the best in wealth management. One of our key growth drivers is fee-based advisory. Assets were 13% to nearly $300 billion. In fact, we had $4.8 billion of net new inflows in advisory, our ninth consecutive quarter of more than $4 billion. Another important metric is advisor productivity where we delivered a new record high, strong client flows coupled with the extensive support Ameriprise provides help drive a 6% increase. We've delivered excellent productivity growth quarter-after-quarter. Regarding advisor recruiting, we welcome 72 experienced advisors. As a group they were 19% more productive than advisors we brought in this time last year. This continues our track record of bringing in larger producers who appreciate the Ameriprise brand and our advice value proposition. I feel good about our results and the ability to grow. We see a significant opportunity to serve more clients with advisor, especially those with $500,000 to $5 million in investable assets who value and advice relationship backed by strong capabilities in a trusted firm. We're also investing significantly in our client experience. These investments include enhancing our advice experience with new digital capabilities. In early spring we began rolling them out along with extensive training. Advisors are sharing success stories with me about the different it makes in their clients lives and for their practices. We're also in the early stages of advisor uptake and looking forward to building on this initial success. Another key investment we'll discuss with you is our new customer relationship management platform that we're rolling out through the fall. This integrated system help advisors define and manage contacts, consolidate client's data and track client progress. This will make it even easier for advisors to engage client to personalized contact. We're also taking steps to fully integrate our investment advisory platform. Later this year we're introducing a customer advisory relationship program moving from multiple different programs to one cohesive program where our various strategies can work better together freeing up time and effort for advisors to serve clients. And we launched the bank in the second quarter. And in June, brought more than $2 billion of money market cash sweep balances on our balance sheet. Later this year and in 2020 we'll add new deposit base product, credit cards, mortgages, as well as price lending. Ameriprise is a well-established advice leader with an excellent reputation. I'm energized about what we have today and what we're doing to further strengthen our position as a leading wealth manager. Now, I'll turn to asset management where we continue to deliver competitive profitability and focus on targeted growth opportunities. Overall, we have a high performing lineup across equities, fixed income and asset allocation strategies and where we had pockets of underperformance we've seen good improvement this year which bodes well. Our overall investment track records remain competitive and strong. In terms of flows we've seen an improvement in the level of outflows that we experienced from the last two quarters. Our market share in North America improved that several of our top intermediary firms with good flows into strategies where we're placing more emphasis such as a dividend income, strategic income, mortgage opportunities and municipal income. In fact, we saw a meaningful reduction in our outflows each month of the quarter. We think we can gain even more traction in fixed income both in the strategies I've mentioned and in a number of others where we have good investment performance. We're beginning to position these strategies even more prominently. The risk of trade in Europe and the ongoing uncertainty of Brexit impacted outflows. That said, outflows have stabilized with improvement in the UK, Benelux, Italy and Spain. You may have also seen that we won a $2 billion UK equities mandate with the majority of the funding occurring in the third quarter. In institutional, where net outflows reflecting the market environment where investors were a bit more cautious. That said, we're making progress in our global investment solutions business that we've invested in. We're building a good pipeline and we won some mandates in the quarter. We're also working to grow our SMA model delivery business where the fee levels are in line with institutional mandates. We now have more than $10 billion in assets under advisement. In addition we won a new 800 million mandate in the quarter. And as you know these mandates are not included in outflows. These are few areas where was seen good progress. And as you know industry headwinds for active managers continue. Despite these pressures earnings overall Columbia Threadneedle remain strong and we ended the quarter with $468 billion in assets under management. Our net adjusted operating margin in this business of 37.1% remains very competitive within our targeted range. We're investing where we see long-term growth opportunities and benefiting from our reengineering to help offset higher Brexit and regulatory expenses that we and others are experiencing in the UK and Europe. Keep in mind, we run this business as part of Ameriprise with a long-term perspective. With regard to insurance and annuities these are well-managed books. These businesses provide earnings diversification and stability. They are seasoned books of businesses that replenish with client flows generating strong free cash flows for a company. With regard to the quarter our variable annuity flows were down from last year. And while VUL and UL sales were down year-over-year we saw improvement from the first quarter driven by a pickup in the VUL. Given the environment these results are what we would expect. We built the business to serve our Ameriprise clients and therefore have differentiated risk characteristics. We effectively hedge variable annuity guarantees. In fact, our net amount at risk as percent of account value is one of the lowest among major variable annuity writers. With regard to our long-term care business we continue to be proactive in managing our book. In fact this current year, we saw greater rate increases and benefit adjustments than we did in past years. The Auto and Home business continues to show improved results and we're on track to close the transaction in the fourth quarter. That brings me to a capital strength and flexibility. Both are clear differentiators. We're generating substantial free cash flow that we reinvest for growth and return to shareholders. You can expect us to continue to build on our track record of strong capital management. As we've grown we've consistently return about 100% of our adjusted operating earnings to shareholders through steadily increasing dividends and buybacks annually. In this last quarter based on freeing up additional capital we began to take up our buyback consistent what we've shared with you. We are in an excellent position to continue to generate shareholder value. Our priorities on the capital front are clear. Continue investing in the business, evaluating inorganic opportunities and maintaining a return in capital to shareholders at attractive levels. Lastly, I'm pleased to share that in June Ameriprise reached a 125th anniversary, very few public companies in the U.S. has reached this milestone. We're proud to have been in business for more than a century and I believe it's because we've always put client's needs first and have constantly evolved. As we look to the future we're energized about the growth opportunity ahead, the strength of our business and our financial foundation. Now, Walter will take you through the numbers.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise achieved another solid quarter of financial results. With earnings per diluted share up 14% even with marginal equity market appreciation compared to a year ago, this was led by strong performance in Advice and Wealth Management and continued stable results in our other businesses. We delivered an industry-leading return on equity of 37% which reflects a 670 basis points improvement. We are generating substantial free cash flow and maintaining excellent balance sheet fundamentals to underpin our businesses with excess capital of $1.9 billion to the end of the quarter. I will take you through the details beginning on slide six. First, I'd like to note that our weighted equity index was up only 3% versus last year, much lower than the growth seen in the S&P 500 year-over-year. Typically, our WEI trends similarly to the S&P 500 and the disconnect of 4% this quarter is much larger than usual primarily due to underperformance of European indices. Ameriprise's adjusted operating net revenue was up 3% to $3.2 billion driven by revenue growth in Advice and Wealth Management. The impact from marginal market appreciation was offset by strong growth in wrap assets and improved transactional activity. Asset management revenue was on target given the cumulative impact of net outflows, as well as lower market appreciation than we've seen in recent quarters, and annuities and protection are stable businesses with limited revenue growth. We continue to manage expenses well across the firm. With total expenses up only 2% and we returned over 100% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders through increased share repurchase and dividend. This results in very strong EPS growth of 14% and ROE of 37% as I mentioned. Turning to slide seven, you can see that our business mix continues to evolve with Advice and Wealth Management generating over half of the company's earnings up from 36% just three years ago. We've seen the consistent trend over the past few years and it should continue as we focus substantial growth investment on areas where we're seeing opportunity within the wealth management business. Additionally, wealth management sources the majority of the company's revenue 80% over the past 12 months. Let's turn to Advice & Wealth Management beginning on slide eight. AWM continues to perform well across all dimensions. Advice and Wealth Management adjusted operating net revenue and pretax adjusted operating earnings grew 7%, this growth rate was impacted by the marginal growth in the WEI from last year. That said, the quarter benefited from underlying organic growth that was quite strong with wrap assets up 13%, with net inflows up $4.8 billion in the quarter and 6% improvement in transactional activity sequentially. Higher interest earnings on brokerage sweep balances and expenses were well controlled. In addition, we launched back in the quarter and continued strong advisor recruiting both of which benefit revenue and earnings going forward. Expenses remain well-managed when you factor in the following. We had higher volume related expenses due to the increase transactional activity I mentioned. We continue to make substantial investments for growth including the bank. There was a mark-to-market impact on our advisor deferred compensation program and there was an additional payroll day on a sequential basis. We anticipate expenses will remain in this range for the remainder of the year. Finally, our margin remained very strong at 22.7%. As I indicated, we have strong organic growth trends in Advice & Wealth Management that you can see on slide nine. Total client assets were up 7% to $608 billion with wrap assets up 13% both of which have benefited from the solid trend that continued wrap net inflows over many quarters. Advice and productivity continues to trend upward reaching 638,000 per advisor on a trailing 12 month basis. Strong experienced advisor recruiting, new digital tools and capabilities and serving more of our target client market are key drivers of this trend. Lastly, brokerage cash balances came down $1 billion sequentially to $24 billion. We earned 210 basis points, up 157 basis points from a year ago, but down a couple of basis points sequentially. As other firms have mentioned, we too are monitoring potential Fed announcements and intend to pay us a longer portion of a Fed rate cut to our clients, while remaining competitive. Let's turn to asset management on page 10. Revenue and pretax adjusted operating earnings performed well. Similar to AWM we had a marginal benefit from equity market appreciation. In addition, the year-over-year growth rate was impacted by cumulative outflows and unfavorable foreign exchange translation, which was offset by the time of performance fees. Additionally, Jim mentioned several recent mandates won and the benefits from those will be seen in future quarters. We remain focused on tightly managed expenses while making target investments in appropriate areas for future growth and managing required regulatory changes. Margin in the quarter increased to 37% returning to our target range of between 35% to 39%. Turning to page 11; results in annuities and protection are solid. Annuities earnings were up 6% to $229 million, primarily from lower sales and higher living benefit writer fees. While sales remain down year-over-year, we saw a 19% increase in variable annuity sales sequentially, which support the improved transactional activity I described in Advice and Wealth Management. Protection earnings were up 3% to $65 million. Claims continue to be within our expected ranges and the underlying business is performing well. Clearly, interest rates remain a headwind for these businesses. We are currently completing our unlock and review and we'll discuss the outcome of the review in the third quarter. It's likely that interest rates will have a negative impact on our unlocking. However, there are numerous factors that contribute to our unlocking. Let's move to the balance sheet on slide 12. We continue to generate substantial free cash flow and our balance sheet fundamentals are excellent. Our excess capital reach $1.9 billion and we expect this to grow further when we closed the sale of our Auto and Home business later this year. Our investment portfolio is well-positioned, diversified and high quality. Our hedging program remained extremely effective. These factors combined with strong financial performance across our business support our differentiated return of capital to shareholders. In the quarter, we return $570 million to shareholders through buy back and dividends, which was 102% of operating earnings. We expect to have nearly $2.5 billion of excess capital at year-end 2019, while targeting to return a 110% of operating earnings to shareholders for the full year. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. Can you talk about the outlook for Advice and Wealth margins especially as a short term interest rates do you move to being a headwind? And related how much were expenses elevated this quarter due to the investments you're making it higher comp? Can you talk about how you see the investments flowing through to the bottom line over time?
Walter Berman: Sure. This is Walter. From margin standpoint again assuming the Fed does cut. That certainly will affect them, but we still that the margins will stay in the approximate rate, but again, we have good revenue growth and good profitability coming through. So it's difficult to take full -- exact estimate. But certainly we believe that the margins will remain in this range. As relates to the investment, the investment spending is a large portion of the expense increase and as we indicated we continue to expect that we can factor through the remainder of the year. And they are generating good returns. I don't have the quantification of that. But they certainly are giving us the paybacks as we see strong revenue growth.
Erik Bass: Got it. I think you'd mentioned a couple of higher comp expense items as well. Are those things that could recur? Or are those more one-off expenses in the quarter?
Walter Berman: The comp there -- if you're talking about an AWM?
Erik Bass: Yes.
Walter Berman: In AWM that was really on deferred comp and is related to basically -- we hedged portions. Some portions can't hedge. And that was the differentials that impacted us. So it's really subject to markets. But – and we are certainly mitigating some of them.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then finally, can you provide an update on your targets for the bank and the timeline for bringing on the credit card portfolio and other products you've talked about?
Walter Berman: The credit card portfolio will come on the balance latter half of this year. And the rest of the products will start coming through beginning in 2020 going through the year. But the credit card will come on in probably the third, beginning of the fourth quarter.
Erik Bass: Got it. Was there any way we should think about the earnings kind of building from here, I think it's probably neutral to a slight drag this quarter and you've talked about being profitable by the end of the year. But with those products coming on how should we think about the build out?
Walter Berman: Okay. What you're going to see for -- the bank came on basically in June and so there's very little of the sweep balance that was moved over. It was impacting the profitability. You'll see that obviously impact the third and fourth quarter. And we're targeting with certainly, a changing interest rate. We'll probably be a small positive for the year. As it relates us, we're building at the bank and the credit card portfolio would really be a slower build on that in 2019 and start building in 2020.
Erik Bass: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Walter, just to follow-up on the cash sweep, how should we think about the difference in terms of economic between sweeping to third parties versus just keeping them on your balance sheet?
Walter Berman: Sure. Okay. As related to the initial funds that we've moved over that was basically – that full benefit will – it was being realized by us was came out of them, basically a money markets on that basis, so that is a full benefit to us picking up majority of that from the investment less the amount that we're creating to the client. As we go into the transferring additional sweep balances, obviously from that standpoint the difference becomes much less because it's the investment trade-off sweep account versus what we then gap on to the balance sheet. But there will be a positive element of incremental earnings relating to monies that are moved over. This environment we just have to gauge the impact of it, obviously the interest rates where they are.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Got it. And then you talked about the Fed cut or potential rate cut, you will be looking to pass along some of the impacts to clients. How fast can you pass along that? Is there kind of like anything that preventing you to move the impact directly to the clients?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, this is Jim. If it’s one rate cut, let's say 25 basis points will be able to pass along a piece of that. Just like we took a piece and gave it to the client as the rate came in. As that rate -- if the Fed cuts more than that rate we'll again adjust, but bulk of that will just be absorbed by the firm similar to what we did on the uptake. So, what I would say is the first cut, part absorbed by the client, part absorbed by the firm and we're able to handle that as we continue to make our adjustments of shift with the bank et cetera. But it depends on the number rate cut just like we increase our margin because of the rate cuts. The margin will be adjusted down to some extent based on in the short term. Now aside from the margin increase from interest rate, we've got nice margin improvements from the core business. So we still expect us to continue on that path. But remember when we moved from the high-teens into the 20s, part of that was due to the increases in the Fed rate and therefore some of it will come back down in a similar fashion.
Walter Berman: It's Walter. Let me just amplify on one thing as your question on frequency. It's fairly quick because majority money is invested in Fed funds and so the influences of the credit rates are adjusted as so are earning rates.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from John Nadel from UBS.
John Nadel: Hey. Good morning. I have a couple of questions. But Walter I want to come back to a statement. I think it was in your one of your final slides thinking about the capital return. I think you mentioned that you're targeting 110% of operating income for the full year, not just for the second half of the year. So, if I'm calculating it correct I think you're running it just south of 100% in the first half of the year. It seems -- I think what you're indicating to us is that the pace in the back half of the year is going to be substantially above the 110% to get to a full year 110%. I just want to make sure I have that right?
Walter Berman: You do have it correct. Obviously, it will be factoring. But that's our intention right now that we will certainly have to increase that substantially to get to that 110% for the full year approximate.
John Nadel: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe one for, Jim, I'm just -- I'm thinking about the fixed annuity book and your commentary about accelerating the free up of capital from various portions of the enforced block. After the transaction with Global Atlantic on the first 20% of the block, I think the message was very clear that you're looking to accelerate that free up. How much has the drop in long-term rates since then impacted the potential of moving forward with additional capital raised from the remaining fixed annuity block or from other pieces of the portfolio?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, I'll let Walter to cover a little more of the detail. But the way we think about it is as you'd see we have a good amount of flexibility. So it's not as though in this rate environment if rates continue to go down that we need to execute a transaction. What was really good about what we did so far and Walter and team is, it set up that capability for us and then we will work appropriately based on the appropriate arrangements and the timeframes that we're interested in with the rate environment to execute those transactions. And so I think that gives us some more flexibility if we wanted or needed. And at the same time we don't necessarily have to do it just based on what circumstances dictate today.
Walter Berman: So it's Walter. John, certainly with our access position we don't have to do it now, but – and the interest rate will impact it will have to evaluate that. But as Jim said we have the capability in place and certainly are evaluating that and. And it's our intention in the right set of the circumstance we will then commence the remainder of it.
John Nadel: Okay. That's helpful. And then if I can sneak one last one in on Advice & Wealth Management. If I look at the first half of the year, G&A growth was around 8%, but revenue growth, little over 5%. That's the first time in a long time that I can recall that there's been that kind of differentiation or a disparity between G&A growing faster than your revenues. If G&A is going to stay around the same level as the 2Q for the remainder of this year, if we set aside the Fed and its actions, should we expect the operating margins going to decline from here?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, let me let me start and then Walter can continue. As you heard in my opening remarks we're taking the opportunity. First of all, I've mentioned to you about recruiting as an example. We're bringing in much larger books of businesses across and doing that just the transition close to people coming on board and [Indiscernible] and all that stuff. Our transaction revenue has gone up. We've had some mark-to-markets on our deferred comp that's also in those numbers. So part of the 8% is having to do with some of that. In addition, I've mentioned some of the investments we're making. So I'll give you an example. Putting in a new CRM platform you've got all the implementation because you're actually paying for two systems overlap for the year. So there are a number of things like that. But we feel that in this timeframe where we see the growth opportunity the strong margins we have AWM as well as our potential for growth. This was a time for us to increase those expenses. Remember, in the last year I had a cut back a bit of them because of all that DOL expense and the regulatory. So we wanted to shift that back to growth investments. We think those investments will pay us good dividends moving forward. But that's part of the reason why the G&A. So if you ask me for the future outside of those investments and some of the things I've mentioned to you. Would that continue? The answer would be no because we will firmly control our expenses particularly in a more difficult environment. But we feel right now making those investments even though G&A is up a bit. Remember we've been able to hold the line pretty well with a strong growth business. My margins are significantly above some of the other people that you guys look at and track. And my returns are significantly higher. And that's fully loaded. That doesn't – that's not EBITDA, that's PTI. So what I would just look at is, the expenses will be higher for this year, but it's based on the things I've mentioned, if for whatever reason the market slows down and other things will climb back on their expenses. But some of that is due to the investments we make in the overlap and the growth in some of the other things that we covered in the activity levels.
Walter Berman: So John, it's Walter. The only thing I'll add to that is, listen, obviously we have good revenue trajectory, but one thing is in the second quarter we only had two weeks of the earnings coming from the bank as related to the transfer. You'll have the full impact of that starting in the third and fourth quarter.
John Nadel: Yes. That's kind of where I was going. It was -- so the bank will be a partial offset. Then if I can paraphrase for you, Jim, it sounds like what you're articulating is, as we turn the page to 2020, you'd expect us to be seeing revenue growth exceeding G&A growth?
Jim Cracchiolo: Absolutely, I mean that's what we're focused on that what we've been able to deliver. But I just wanted to say to you. I mean even with the incremental it's not as significant based on what we've been able to do. But we think this will pay some good dividends for growth in the future and the expenses will come back in line along those means.
John Nadel: Perfect. Thanks for all the time. Thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. I want to follow-up quickly on John's question about the 110%. That would imply buybacks of close to 600 million per quarter for the next two quarters. But I think about the capital position where Ameriprise sits, $1.9 billion excess capital, another 700 plus incremental by the end of the year from Auto and Home. And then you talk about these annuity blocks. So would it be fair to consider that perhaps you could ramp up the buyback considerably more even than $600 million a quarter. Where would you be thinking more about acquisitions?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, what we would say is, we feel very good about to your point the ability to return. We'll be ramping up our buyback and opportunistically continuing to look at that depending on market conditions. But it also gives us a lot of flexibility moving into 220 both from a whether it's a return of capital or it could be based on some incremental acquisitions depending on the market and the climate and the valuations and the type of business opportunities we see. So what I would say it's a good sort of a hands to sort of play. But as Walter said, we'll be stepping it up a bit towards the end of the year depending on market circumstances if the opportunity arises, maybe more. On the other side of that, it gives us a lot of flexibility moving into 220, which I think would be a positive in your thought process.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. And I mean historically as I've seen Ameriprise, you've acquired when market conditions were weak, when others didn't have the capital. I mean, is that still the mentality? Or do you see a lot of opportunities out there that you'd like to take advantage of with this capital?
Jim Cracchiolo: So there maybe some opportunities come along. They're opportunistic depending on strategic and what we think. But having said that, I do favorably believe in the Warren Buffet mentality and we have a lot of flexibility to do that. As you know, we are actually quite strong in a down market as well.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. Two quick questions. I thought I heard Walter you mentioned a variable annuity unlocking. Could you provide a little more color around that is if something coming that would be material?
Walter Berman: Okay. So, Andrew, right now we're going through the process. We have not completed it. And so we'll do that at the end of the third quarter. We were just making the statement that the interest rates will have a negative impact. But right now, it’s a little bit behavioral. The other aspects we're working through it, but we don't see anything surprising as yet.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. So nothing overly material is that from…?
Walter Berman: Nothing we're seeing now.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And then lastly just…
Walter Berman: It [contemplates] but nothing we are seeing.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. So far. Okay. Rate increases in long-term care. You mentioned that you are getting better than what you had anticipated. Could you give any sense of the magnitude there?
Walter Berman: No. Right now it's on two fronts. Obviously, we have instituted appropriate, but increased rate increases. But we're also making benefit shifts that we're seeing good percentage take-ups that are higher than we've seen previously. So we have not yet quantified, because that's part of the unlocking also. But we are certainly seeing positive aspects, both on the rate increase side and the benefit shift proposals that we've made, there is more acceptance.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Thanks so much.
Walter Berman: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnett from Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnett: Thanks. Given the risk transfer that was completed for the annuity segment, can you talk about a possible reduction in stranded costs going forward for that business?
Walter Berman: Are you are talking about the fixed annuities?
John Barnett: Yes.
Walter Berman: Basically it's been profit neutral. So technically there is no stranded cost implications to us from that standpoint, because it's not large in its space anyway from that standpoint.
John Barnett: Okay. And then now that we're kind of one quarter into the bank launch. Can you talk about maybe lessons learned that you can position the business for growth in the next year or so? I know when you're planning for a launch, you think things are going to go in certain way and it happens and you learn some lessons from it.
Walter Berman: Okay. It's interesting, because this is our second launch. So we've had experience in doing it. And I can say that, it's actually been quite smooth from that standpoint. And certainly the -- bringing back to credit card portfolio is moving quite well. And from the transfer of the sweep accounts and then bringing up the infrastructure, we've actually not had a lot of surprises. And like I said, we've done this before. So I think it's moving well.
John Barnett: Good. And then my final question. It sounds like there was a nice client win in the quarter for the Asset Management business. Can you talk about maybe where you're seeing opportunities in the market and how you're positioning the company in a fee pressure environment? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So the win was really in the UK in our equities area. As you saw there has been some transition, some fund managers, et cetera. And we're well thought about. We also see some opportunities. And again, I think all of us are a little surprised, et cetera, with the Brexit delay and that has caused a little more of people holding back and risk-off in Europe and the UK for Brexit as well as some of the signs on the European economy. But we're starting to see that stabilize. And we actually think that some of our activity will begin to pick up in Europe and the UK, as well as we move forward. And we're starting to see some more interest come back. And the other thing we're seeing is in our solutions business. Institutionally, we're starting to get some mandates. We just got one out at Asia and one or two at Europe. And the pipeline is building, and it takes time for you to really get in front of people with some of your capabilities. But I think that's starting to take hold. The other thing we see is, in the U.S., I mentioned, but from sort of our good capability, strong performance and income-oriented strategies, both from an equity perspective, as well as fixed income, we're seeing a pickup in sales. I actually would say, if you looked at the second quarter from an active equity, we're probably doing pretty well relative to the industry. We're not getting a strong inflow as we should in the fixed income and that's where we're putting more emphasis. We've always been known more of an equity shop and equities have been a little more active on the pressure, but we have really good strategies and fixed income. The sales group and distribution in North America is starting to shift some of their emphasis to include the fixed income more prominently and having more conversations around it. I think we could pick up some greater share there that would help the flow picture in North America in the active space. So, we're feeling good about some of those things. Having said that, the headwinds are still there. We are continuing to shift where our investments going into, things like better in and analytics, to better enable. We're putting emphasis around some of our research capabilities, investing in some of our new solutions and infrastructure and real estate. We're getting some wins starting in the real estate from the firm we bought. So there are some good things on the horizon. Having said that, as you know, this space has been a little more difficult, but we're starting to gain some traction that hopefully will reduce our outflows.
John Barnett: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I just had one follow-up on the bank. Can you give us a sense of the spread that you're earning on the $2.2 billion of -- that was moved into the bank?
Walter Berman: That's 250 basis points.
Jim Cracchiolo: And that's AWM's earning. Okay. Look at it from that way, it's not getting into the transfer pricing discussion, about 250 basis points from the AWM standpoint.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. 250 basis points. Thanks. And then just how big are the credit card portfolios that you expect to move over the next couple of quarters?
Walter Berman: It's about -- I think it's $200 million, $220 million, something in that range.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blaustein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blaustein: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just on this last point and I had a couple of other questions on the bank. But 250 basis points, it's a pretty widespread given where rates were today. Can you tell us where you're investing that, if you look at agency spreads available out there? It seems a little strategy.
Walter Berman: Basically, we were investing right now in -- basically, in mortgage floaters and high quality for paper. And what you really seeing is a spread, because candidly it's coming off the money market. So therefore that's where the bulk of the difference is. That is very little earning rate that we would. Okay.
Alex Blaustein: Right.
Walter Berman: It's not so much we're stretching the investments, the investments are all in high quality floaters.
Alex Blaustein: Got you. And then the yield on the credit card portfolio. The $200 million you guys going to transfer in Q4. What is that? And I guess, what does that going to do to net interest margin at the bank in the near term? And then, I guess, bigger picture point, as you kind of look out a couple of years, I know you guys talked about, I believe, pre-tax income within five years getting closer to something about $200 million bucks. How is that going to evolve? So, maybe you talk about the size of the bank within five years, kind of aspirationally where you hoping not to be? What are sort of the composition now the book would look like? And within the $200 million target, what are you assuming for credit costs, because you do think largely that's going to be consumer loan portfolio?
Walter Berman: That's a lot of questions. Let me-- I can't really give you [Indiscernible] because that work is now coming over from a third party, where we only get a small portion of the feed. Now we're going to start getting it. So I'd say, actually I don't have the exact amount on the credit card margin. So that one we can get back to you on. The issue as it relates to building the bank is really going to be in the basis. The bank is going to transfer over, as we said, substantial amounts of sweep accounts as we go through the period and certainly picking up the spread on that as we look at investing differently. So that is really going to be the lion share of the benefit that we're going to derive on that basis and getting into probably the range of $5 billion, $6 billion , $7 billion in total. And then the rest is going to come from a help of certainly a higher profitability on the credit card as we have that profitability since we're in the underwriting with one of our partners, and then building up, as Jim said, the pledge loans, the deposit base and the mortgage base as we go through. But the real contribution is going to come from being able to use the balance sheet more effectively from -- and garner more earnings versus the sweep.
Alex Blaustein: Got it. Okay. So we'll circle back on some of those other ones. Shifting gears a little bit, just thinking about the rate sensitivity within AWM broadly, I think the brokerage cash sweep revenues are running at around $130 million this quarter. Obviously, it's a pretty clean way to think about the flow down from lower Fed rate cut. So that's pretty straightforward. I was hoping to get a sense on how the other piece of kind of the rate sensitivity in the model, so like that net interest investment income and the net expense against that. I think it's about $65 million a quarter for you guys. How is that going to evolve? I think it's basically you're certificates business with lower rate. Just not so clear on the sensitivity there to Fed cuts.
Walter Berman: The Fed cuts, obviously that one is spread, it will be impacted. But again, we have -- I would -- it would be -- I can't give you an exact amount, because that one is really we manage through a very cautious program of protecting on the liquidity. So the investment impact will be reduced. I just can't give you the exact amount, it's going to be reduced, because that is invested out further with a bell bar effect invested in certificates and different longer-term investments, but it will be impacted less because the investment earnings are -- we have a large portion of that going out right now.
Jim Cracchiolo: It shouldn't be significant.
Alex Blaustein: Yes. A little more fixed, I think, on the asset side there. All right. And the last one, just a cleanup around some of the G&A discussion and just want to make sure that I'm getting the message here. So clearly the investments spend makes sense in 2019. As we look out into 2020, G&A in AWM is that essentially going to stabilize at kind of current run rate level and then we should go back to more of a normalized growth, which I think historically has been kind of in mid single-digit range for you guys. So kind of take whatever you guys are running out for 2019 that's in you run rate and then maybe just grows a little bit slower than it was in 2019?
Walter Berman: I think that's a fair estimate. I'd say, that's definitely fair.
Alex Blaustein: Awesome. Great. Thank you very much guys .
Operator: Our last question will be from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to come back to the AWM margin for a second again, just to make sure I'm understanding what you're communicating. So the idea here is that, the margin may kind of stay in this 22%, 23% range in kind of the rest of the year. You have the bank, but you have some of the things going on in terms of rates. And then it will resume, what has been a kind of a steady climb higher as you move into 2020. Is that a high level commentary that you're giving us?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, what I would say, Suneet, would be along that lines, but again there is some variables in there depending. So the variables are very clearly how quick does the Fed cut, right? And you can do those calculations to figure out what that would look like. But let's say, hypothetically, if the Fed only cuts ones then we feel comfortable at the margins we have. And the expense growth that we have incremental over the business activities, advisor growth and stuff like that transaction. We have that extra investments in 2019 that -- which sort of come down thereafter. From a relative level of getting business growth that the environment is still as good, we'll start to grow back that revenue growth with the expense being well maintained again. The interest rate is the wild card, so to speak, some we can make up, for some we can't, some we will offset with as Walter said what we're able to do as we start to move more of our sweep activity into the bank and invest differently to offset some of that spread erosion from the Fed. But I think it all depends on market and rates and the instruments at the time. So it's hard for us to predict that. But those are some of the things that would be an offset, but if the Fed doesn't cut rates dramatically, then we'll be fine and continue to grow from there. But if they do, we'll try to offset it with the bank activities and as expenses come down from the investments, but some of it will hit the margin as you would well now in the short term.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. All right. And then just two quick ones or two on Asset Management. First, I think the former parent outflows have moderated pretty significantly of late. So are we at a point where we're at this kind of a run rate kind of going forward and how big are the underlying assets in that category that you call former parent?
Walter Berman: I don't have the numbers of -- we could get to get back to that. But the balance is there, as we've always said to you, the fee revenue from our relationship with Zurich maintains pretty well, the flows will always be somewhat negative based on just how that happens, but the asset base pretty much has maintained roughly where it's been over the last number of years. There's always some ins and outs if they close a pension or other things, but market has been able to offset that. The U.S. Trust business which is the other larger mandate. I think it's stabilized at a certain number. I don't have it in front of me. Alicia can get back to you with some of that information. But, yes, the outflows have slowed a bit and with market appreciation and dividend reinvestment, et cetera, they've maintain certain levels, but Alicia can give you that.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then just my last one on Asset Management and I appreciate the improvement inflows that you're seeing. But also you've cited numerous pressures facing all companies in that industry. So, I guess, how top of mind is doing something more significant there, be it a sizable acquisition or joint venture? Thanks.
Jim Cracchiolo: So again, we feel very good about the asset management business that we have and what the team has been able to put together. In some of the areas we feel like we're quite strong enable to continue to proceed well even in this difficult environment. Having said that, we do have capabilities for acquisition, we've proven that, we've been very successful in integrating. So it has to be the right property, we're open for way that we would work with partners and thinking about that. And if something they come along or the market in some way felt it's stressful for others more so than us, we will have the opportunity to work in some fashion. But again it's not something when needing to like have to do and we're really continuing to fine-tune our business, manage expenses, regear our activities to generate a good return in this environment, but I think -- we've proven our capability, we've proven our financial strength and we've proven our ability to look at alternatives in the right way strategically and that's what we'll try to do.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2019 Earnings Call. My name is John, and I’ll be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter 2018 earnings release, our 2018 Annual Report to Shareholders and our 2018 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you’ll see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. As you are aware we changed our definition of adjusted operating results beginning in the first quarter, which now excludes meaner version related impact. Management believes this enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on operating financial results. Additionally, we announced in April that we have signed a definitive agreement with American Family Insurance to sell our Auto and Home operations. This transaction is expected to occur later this year, however, effective immediately we have moved our Auto and Home business out of the retention segment into our corporate and other segment. All prior periods have been restated for both of these changes. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning, everyone. As I believe many of you are aware, we had an active and successful quarter. We took some critical steps to focus on our core business strategies further optimize our capital reduce, our risk profile and increase capital flexibility. And I will come back to this in more detail. But first, I'll take you through our quarterly results. In terms of the operating environment clearly the impact of the market dislocation from the fourth quarter carried over to beginning of 2019. The decline in consumer sentiment combined with lower markets affected client activity in the U.S. and Europe. And this impacted our average assets and associated fees in the first quarter. So how did this translate to our financial performance, but it was quite solid. In terms of our adjusted operating results, revenues were flat normalizing for taxes and a one-time payment a year ago, EPS was up 8%. And return on equity excluding AOCI, was up 790 basis points from a year ago to more than 36%. Assets under management and administration was steady compared to the year ago, even though our average weighted equity index was down 3%. Let's talk about wealth management, which is the growth driver of Ameriprise and continues to be a great story for us. We did well in the quarter and delivered 11% growth in earnings in AWM with margin increasing to 22.5% and even though the quarter got off to a tougher start, client flows were strong. Total client assets increased another 6% year-over-year with more than $4 billion of net inflows moving into wrap. This is an important growth platform for us in one of the largest in the industry. Client acquisition, overall fees and client activity were muted to start the year. But gradually improve during the quarter and are coming back to more normalized run rates. And even with the lag, advisor productivity remains strong up 6%. Regarding recruiting, we had a terrific recruiting quarter both in quantity and quality with the average productivity of recruits reaching a new high. And our pipeline for the second quarter also looks good, experienced advisors are attracted to our client advice value proposition and appreciate the investments we're making and what this means for this future growth potential at Ameriprise. Our AWM segment now generates half of the earnings of the company and contributes even more to the total firm. The investments we're making in the way we work with clients also results in excellent client satisfaction. We earned 4.9 out of five stars consistently since we rolled out our online survey. And that's translating into top industry recognition for us. Last week, complementing our other recognition, we learned that Ameriprise earned Hudson Wallace top performer recognition in three important categories; unbiased and puts my interest first; explains things in understandable terms; and understands me and shares my values. These are very important attributes to be known for and they help set us apart as a leader in advice. However, we're not resting on our laurels. We are investing in our end-to-end client experienced to take it to the last level of engagement and to help advisors grow productivity. Let me touch on a few of the key areas. First, we continue to invest in our digital capabilities with digitally enabling our gold-based advised capabilities to make it even easier for advisors to fully engage clients and deliver the value and service they are seeking. We've just begun to roll out this training in the field and are pleased with the initial results. Already we are receiving advisor updates and client stories and they're very positive. Many clients feel more engaged and confident, and have shared that these are some of the best conversations they've had with their advisors and beginning to move more money and assets to Ameriprise. Second, we are implementing a new customer relationship management platform and we are on track to deliver it this year. Third, we are further developing our investment advisory platform to provide a streamlined and customized experience for clients and advisors to help in the management of their investments. And fourth, we're investing to expand our banking solutions, and I will share an update on our bank investment in the moment. Given these growth investments, you saw we had higher expenses in the quarter, while we're making these investments we will continue to reengineer and reduces expenses so that the incremental expenses are very manageable. We're dedicated to delivering a comprehensive best-in-class Ameriprise client experience more fully and more consumers will seek it. As a leading wealth manager, we're building an even stronger position. And we feel very good about the significant opportunity before us. Now I'll move to our insurance, annuities and Asset Management businesses. In INA, we are providing good value and generating free cash flow with strong books supported by accident risk management. These solutions complement our third-party offerings and help address clients retirement income protection needs. And they are part of a high-quality experience were known for. With regards to the quarter, sales were slower in January, but they started to come back nicely and we're getting back to a more normal run rate. And Asset Management commits are clearly a tough environment, and there are real industry pressures for all active managers which we are also feeling. However, our Asset Management business is part of our larger enterprise and supported by the strength of the Ameriprise, rather than a standalone active manager. We're investing in the business we're making trade-offs to manage expense levels. Our margin and Asset Management is competitive what was clearly pressured in the quarter and you are seeing this with others. In terms of assets under management, we ended the quarter with $459 billion which was down from a year ago but up 7% sequentially. After a tougher fourth quarter last year, short-term equity investment performance improved in the United States in many of our strategies. And longer-term performance also remains quite good. In addition, short and long-term taxable and fixed income performance continues to be strong. In EMEA, our short-term performance in U.K. equities weakened, however, European equities bounced back lastly. And long-term equity and fixed income track records continue to be good. Moving to our flow picture, there remained a net outflow and the team is very focused on gaining traction and we have some improvement when compared to fourth quarter last year. Here are the key themes of the first quarter when compared to a year ago. Home apparent outflows were better year-over-year. Global institutional outflows were higher due to clients' asset allocation calls and some performance challenges and a slowdown in mandate fundings. However, recently in the areas where we had some strategies underperforming, we saw improvement. In U.S. retail we remain in net outflows, but are beginning to benefit from investments in data analytics and our segmentation strategy. We did improve in the broker deal in independent channel. We were positive in five of our top seven fronts. Equity fund flows improved somewhat from the fourth quarter, that we still experience outflows. And fixed income flows were essentially flat as we didn't get as much of a boost as the industry and ultra-short and short duration products where we are not a big player in this tight margin asset class. In the U.K. and European retail, the ongoing uncertainty about Brexit and slower economic backdrop in Europe created flow challenges. With regard to Brexit in particular the team has been supporting clients and taking actions to prepare the business. During the quarter, we completed a transfer of EU client assets from our OEIC funds into Lux-domiciled CCAP products. While this pressure sales and increased expenses it will be beneficial to getting close on the continent going forward. Quarter-after-quarter, we've been very proactive in expense management, while we invest for the long-term including in our data capabilities, operating platform solutions and expanding in Europe. As I said at the beginning of the year, we recognize the ongoing challenges we and the industry face. And we'll continue to make the changes necessary to compete. Now, when I opened, I indicated some additional strategic actions we're taking to drive future growth and value creation. First, as many of you have acknowledged Ameriprise has a strong record of returning capital at a differentiated level and we are adding it to it again. In the quarter, Ameriprise returned $482 million through share repurchases and dividends, which is consistent what we've been returning. We also announced a new $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization and yesterday we declared another increase to our quarterly dividend another 8% which will bring our capital return even higher. In fact this is our 12th increase over the past 10 years something we are very proud of. Second, as many of you know we've always focused on enhancing our capital flexibility and risk profile and that was punctuated at quarter-end with the culmination of our strategic review of Ameriprise Auto and Home and decision to sell the business. We have four priorities as we executed the deal; continue to deliver outstanding service to policyholders; find the right firm to help Auto and Home grow; provide the potential for a great future for our team there; and earn an appropriate return. I am very confident that we found the right partner in American Family Insurance. They plan to grow and expand on what we have built. We are pleased with this outcome and as we do in all transactions, we will work to ensure a seamless transition over the next few quarters. The sale of Auto and Home will generate $950 million of net proceeds when we close the deal later this year. Third, in addition to the Auto and Home sale, we announced our first fixed annuity reinsurance transaction. We have reinsured our 20% of our block, which freed up about $200 million in capital for us. Importantly, it positions us to explore additional transactions for the approximately $1 billion of capital that backs our remaining block. Fourth, last week we gained final approval from the Fed to convert our national trust bank into a federal savings bank allowing us to further expand our product suite. We plan to launch the bank in the latter part of the quarter. This is a long-term growth opportunity for Ameriprise. And I feel good about the future contributions it will bring. As you can tell, we made significant progress in the quarter executing some important strategic actions. We are freeing up capital further enhancing our risk profile and capital flexibility. I know you may have questions about our plans to deploy the additional capital that we are freeing that will grow to about $2 billion when Auto and Home sale closes later this year. On that front, you can expect us to continue to build on our long-standing record of managing our capital just as well as we have for many years. We'll evaluate a number of alternatives such as invest in our bank, looking at other opportunities to add to our wealth management business we'll continue to look at adding capabilities for Asset Management and further de-risking our longtail businesses. Finally, we will look to further increase our return of capital to shareholders. In that regard, we plan to increase our share repurchase rate in 2019. As you can see, we're in a very strong position. We are serving client needs, building on our advice value proposition while generating strong returns. Now I'll turn things over to Walter.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise achieved another solid quarter of financial results, while proactively executing several strategies that will optimize our capital and risk profile, positioning the company to drive continue shareholder value creation. On a normalized basis, EPS grew 8%, and I will go into the details on the next page. Financial results were led by Advice Wealth Management, which delivered 11% earnings growth and continued strong metric trends in the face of market headwinds and volatility as we entered the year. Our other businesses are generating good, stable financial results that were in line with our expectations. Let me take you through the details beginning on slide 6. In total, adjusted operating EPS was $3.75, up 2%, which understates the underlying financial performance in the quarter. To understand the underlying results, you must consider both our previously disclosed one-time vendor settlement last year as well as the tax rate. The tax rate in the quarter was 17.3%, higher than last year, and above our expectations of 16% for the full year, primarily due to share-based accounting changes and timing. Normalizing for these items, EPS was up 8% and better reflects growth in the quarter. Revenue growth reflected continued strong net inflows offset by lower average markets, Asset Management outflows and slower transactional activity early in the quarter. Expenses continued to be well managed across the firm with G&A up only 2%. We are continuing to make important growth investments in Advice & Wealth Management while executing on our expense reengineering objectives across the business. And we returned over 90% of earnings to shareholders through buyback and dividends, a continuation of our track record of differentiated return. Lastly, we have increased excess capital to $1.8 billion while achieving a 36% return on equity, up 790 basis points. We have seen strong growth trends in Advice & Wealth Management, which you can see on Slide 7. Total client assets were up 6% year-over-year, demonstrating a nice recovery after the pullback in the fourth quarter, and continued strong $4.3 billion of inflows into rep accounts. Brokerage cash balances up $25.3 billion are consistent with last year. On a sequential basis, we saw balances come down in line with historic patterns. We are benefiting from short rates getting back to more normal historic levels, and we are on 212 basis points, up from 132 basis points a year ago. Based on recent Fed announcements, we do not anticipate additional rate increases this year, and remain committed to being competitive in our client rates. Finally, advisor productivity also continues to improve, reaching $628,000 on a trailing 12-months basis in the face of market and activity headwinds. We continue to see strong productivity gains and are seeing good payback from our investments as well as from the strength of the experienced advisor recruits that we've been bringing in. The 90 experienced advisors we brought in the first quarter, has record productivity which will support continued productivity growth over time. Let's turn to financials on slide 8. Advice & Wealth Management is continuing to deliver consistent strong financial performance over time. I thought it would be helpful to provide a detailed description of revenue this quarter because there are a number of dynamics at play. First, management and financial advice fees grew 4%. Unlike previous quarters with good ramp inflows have been supplemented by market depreciation. This quarter, the benefit from good inflows was partially offset by the impact of lower average markets. So the growth rate lagged a bit. However, as we exited the quarter, markets have recovered up 13% point-to-point and ramp flows improved in February and March after a slower January. And as a result, we expect improved growth in management fees as we move through 2019. Next, distribution fees were up only marginally. We had meaningful benefits from the spread earned on broker suite balances. However, market sentiment following the fourth quarter disruption, resulted in lower client activity levels early in the quarter. This improved throughout the quarter and April activity levels have returned to good historic levels. So again, we would expect improved growth in distribution fees in 2019. Lastly, net investment income is up 43% from both the higher certificate asset earning rate and higher balances. Overall, both markets and activity levels have recovered well and that this should lead to more robust revenue growth going forward. General and administrative expenses were up 6% for the quarter. But we believe they continue to be well managed. As Jim discussed, we are making substantial investments for future growth in this business and the level and timing of those expenses was more heavily weighted in the beginning of the year. We remain committed to effectively expense discipline and we will continue to execute on our reengineering initiatives that will benefit the remainder of the year. Finally, pretax operating earnings were up 11% and margins were strong at 22.5%. Let's turn to Asset Management on page nine, where financial performance was clearly impacted by substantial headwinds, including average equity markets down 3% and unfavorable foreign exchange translation. Additionally, the cumulative impact of net flows hurt results as did a previously disclosed prior year one-time item. This resulted in a decline in revenues of 11% and a decline of PTI of 25%. G&A expenses were down 4%, demonstrating our continued commitment to expense discipline. However, a significant portion of our expense base is fixed. So it will be difficult to adjust quickly to this challenging revenue environment. Margins in the quarter decreased to 34% and given the challenging revenue environment, we do expect margins to remain pressured. Let's turn to annuities and protection on slide 10. In the quarter, variable annuities earnings were $150 million, up 5% from last year. Variable annuities continue to be in outflows though at a slower pace than last year. Variable annuities sales slowed similar to the overall slowdown we saw in client activity. It should be noted that our net amount at risk declined to 0.8% of our account value with living benefits and 0.2% of account value with debt benefits from improvement in markets. Fixed annuity pretax adjusted operating earnings declined $3 million, reflecting the continued impact of lapses in interest rates. The previously announced reinsurance transaction had a small impact on fixed annuity results, but it is earnings neutral across the firm for the year. Importantly, the transactions generate $200 million of excess capital and established the platform for future reinsurance transactions. The remaining block of fixed annuities is backed by about $1 billion of capital. In Life and Health, earnings were within expectations of $74 million, up 14% from last year. Claims remain within expected ranges, though favorable relative to the prior year period. Let's move to the balance sheet on slide 11. Our balance sheet fundamental remain strong. Our access capital increased to $1.8 billion which benefited from the fixed annuity reinsurance transaction and incremental debt from our recent issuance. Our hedge program has been quite effective, with weighted manage hedged effectiveness at 97% in the quarter. The investment portfolio has high credit quality and is well diversified, and free cash flow generation remains excellent. We returned nearly $500 million of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in the quarter. And we recently announced a new share repurchase authorization and an 8% dividend increase. Continued capital return, will be supported by both our free cash flow as well as the execution of capital optimization strategies. Let's turn to slide 12. As Jim discussed, we have announced the variety of proactive actions this year to optimize our capital structure and risk profile. Over the past several years, we have spoken with you about the initiatives underway to improve the underlying performance of our Auto and Home business and we saw the intended results. We completed a strategic review which resulted in our decision to sell the business. When this transaction closes later this year, cash proceeds will be $950 million, a majority of which will be added to our access capital position. As I mentioned, the reinsurance of a portion of our fixed annuity block, freed up a substantial capital without an earnings impact to the firm. And the framework is now in place to execute additional reinsurance transactions as appropriate. And we issued $500 million of senior notes, part of which is being used to pre-fund an upcoming maturity and reposition our debt ladder. In aggregate, these actions will enable us to increase the level of capital that we will return to shareholders this year by accelerating our share repurchase. We plan to return approximately 110% of adjusted operating earnings to shareholders through buyback and dividends. And we will fund the anticipated bank capital requirement. We're completing our review of our capital structure and evaluating potential uses of access capital. In summary, Ameriprise is well situated to drive continued growth in advice and wealth management command continues to generate substantial shareholder value. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ryan Krueger. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks, good morning. My First question was on capital management. I appreciate the guidance for 2019. It looks like after that you still have a fairly substantial amount of access capital. So I guess as we move past 2019 into 2020, would you anticipate a still being in position to continue returning similar levels of capital in 2020 as well? Or are you contemplating I guess other potential uses for the access capital outside of share repurchases? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well as I just said, we will be looking at another level of opportunities. So number one is yes, we still think, we can strongly return capital and will to shareholders. We will also look at opportunities to further grow and invest in our wealth management business. Maybe there are some add-on capabilities that might be nice to continue to growth there that we'll be looking at it as well as we've said, looking at continuing to improve our overall capital structure. And therefore that in itself we think will create some additional shareholder value that will either return or from a perspective invest for growth.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then just a quick one on the tax rate of 16% for this year is there anything unusual about that? Or is that a decent level to assume over the intermediate term as well? 
Walter Berman: No it's actually -- it's totally in line with really the earnings that we will have and with the tax rate and the items that we normally have as basically adjustments through it. It's totally in line with last year and this year.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Blostein. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Great. Good morning everybody. Hey guys, I was wondering if you could comment on the pace and the process of the build down of the bank from here? So clearly you got the approval assuming you can move some deposits fairly quickly. So maybe walk us through what that will require in terms of both expenses and initial capital utilization and kind of how you expect the bank growth to start kind of ramp up from here?
Walter Berman: Okay, so this is Walter, let me start with that Alex. Once we have approval and then we will target our operationalizing the bank before the end of the quarter. We will be transferring about $2 billion, $2.5 billion worth of sweep accounts that we will go into. And those will be invested. And that would be the primary focus. And then next activity would be our credit card transfer over. And then will be a series of other products that we will be working on. But that's where the focus is going to be. As we anticipate for the year, the bank will be accretive from an earnings standpoint. And we will start incurring expenses obviously from an operating standpoint starting -- we started now and obviously ramped up during the year. But we will be a positive accretion from an earnings point standpoint.
Alex Blostein: Got it. I guess on that point, so I guess when we look at the G&A growth and expenses for AWM, it sounded like it's a little bit heavier on the investment side at the beginning of the year, so maybe just give us an update what you guys expect G&A costs to be and advice and wealth for the year kind of on a year-over-year growth perspective as again contemplating the bank and what that will take?
Jim Cracchiolo: As we indicated, there are a substantial level and timing of investments in the first quarter as we look towards the year. we're in a range probably in the 4% range on excluding the bank as I meant, but the bank will be accretive and also let me just say if I got to answer the one part of your question we're putting initially $200 million into the bank as capitalization.
Alex Blostein: Got it great color.
Jim Cracchiolo: Regarding the expenses but the investments per se in Advice and Wealth, we're actually managing expenses really well and we'll continue actually we probably reduce some expenses and so as regards we move through the next few quarters. But we are investing heavily ramping up and bringing over good recruits that as you know there is always the first year expenses from that and we have very good pipeline et cetera. And for the things I mentioned previously, we are making some really good investments investing in our advisors, investing in the ability for them to actually grow even more their productivity. So that expense incremental we think will give us a very good paybacks in that regard client assets, client productivity and results in the fee revenue. So that's the way I would look at it I wouldn't look at it as an increase in G&A in a sense of overhead expense. I look at it as investments for growth. And on a relative basis where we are reducing expenses as an offset that incremental that Walter mentioned around -- roughly around 4% or so excluding the bank I think is it should be thought about that way. Otherwise, I think it would be relatively flat. And the bank the expense incremental will be offset by the revenue as we ramp up the bank, but again with -- starting this midyear and then that will get into a much better run rate next year.
Alex Blostein: Great and also if I could just sneak in one more. When you guys talk about the opportunities to deploy the access capital which obviously is going to go by the end of the year and it sounds like there's going to be opportunities to further rationalize the 680 portfolio, which again will probably drive some incremental product relief. Where does the rationalization long dated risk, whether it's long term care or may be even some of the ABA businesses on your priority list. Is that sort of part of the framework for the near term? Or is that something that will likely to happen kind of overtime?
Walter Berman: Okay, it's Walter. Let me take a shot at that. Obviously, we feel very comfortable with the exposure profile that you mentioned in those areas, but we are continuing to evaluating options as they come up. And if they do we will then certainly assess and is that in the best interest to shareholders deploy it that way.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Suneet Kamath. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. First a comment just on the optimization that's clearly good to see. You guys posted the leverage that have. But on that point, are there things that you're looking at in terms of further optimization beyond the fixed annuity business?
Jim Cracchiolo: The answer is yes. You know thanks Suneet, you know we are very thoughtful, but we are always looking out in planning. And we evaluate the business in a way that says what will be good for us to continue to grow in the areas of opportunity. What can we leverage appropriately, but also what will generate a good return in cash flow and manage a really good business on behalf of our clients. So yes, we have and I mentioned a range of them just before, but that's clearly some of the things that will be talking about with my board as we go through our planning process, but more importantly, that we are focused on even here in the near term. 
Walter Berman: Okay. And then just shifting gears to Asset Management. I mean, you talked about industry pressures dropping the margin there and some of the challenges that you face, but given our the view -- if we take the view that those pressures are not going to subside any time soon. Is it time to start thinking about something more strategic in terms of that business either building scale or pursuing another strategy to rationalize costs or something along those lines just given these pressures seems to be in front of us for some time?
Jim Cracchiolo: Right. So we approached this twofold very clearly as you know. We look to continue to make changes in the business of areas that we can really garner some good activity inflows and fees. That does mean that we adjust and have to prone certain areas, which we've been doing. But very clearly, we're making some of the core changes in core focus on areas of opportunity. I think this market has been a bit more pressured, the volatility has been high, Brexit and other things have been unfortunate impacting many companies doing business there. But that's the first and very clear focus we have right now, but at the same time, we are thinking out and looking out strategically. The industry is changing. There continues to be a combination or level of consolidation out there. And there may be some good opportunities with some of the assets, some of the knowledge we have of what we've been able to do in the past to meet up and look at other capabilities with other firms that are having the same challenges. So it's one of the things. I think, we're very open to any but we very clearly focus on what the client needs. What's good for overall for our people, the culture we have as well as the shareholders, but as you know Suneet just like we’re very thoughtful and have been we'll continue to look and explore opportunities.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then just lastly on the recruiting in AWM. I think both Jim and Walter referenced the productivity being higher for the new recruits, so if we think about the base at that $628,000 revenue per advisor. Can you give us a sense of where the new recruits are coming in? I know it's higher, but just any quantification of that?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So I would say the average recruits we're bringing in now probably come out on average to roughly where we are in the numbers that were mentioning, but what we're finding is we're starting to really get now more and more larger teams. And so it's been gradually continuing to move up. Of course, there's always a transfer in the periods of them bringing over their book, etcetera. But how I would say is we have a very good class of people coming in. And we feel like we're actually hitting stride right now in really how Ameriprise can really appeal to people in the industry. And people who really can continue to grow their productivity. So we feel very good about it.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks Jim.
Operator: Our next question is from Nigel Dally. Please go ahead.
Nigel Dally: Great. Thanks. First question is just an Asset Management margins. You had been targeting in the mid to high 30s this quarter gets below that range. Given your comments that you expect the environment to remain challenging, what should we expect for the margins going forward any guidance there would be helpful.
Walter Berman: Yes, as you look at -- going forward certainly with the market improving where it ended the quarter and with as I mentioned our reengineering initiatives, I do see over the balance of the year that certainly we could get back into the range we talked about previously. But it's not without its challenges, but we have certainly the place the reengineering aspects of it and certainly with the market where it doesn’t stays that way, we -- it should improve when we exited a quarter at 33.
Nigel Dally: Okay. And then second on the Annuities, good to see the Global Atlantic transaction, any reason you couldn't free up the remaining capitals supporting the remainder with the blocks this year? Or is it something different with respect to the nature of what's remaining relative to what you reinsured last quarter?
Walter Berman: No, it's actually -- we chose -- we basically reinsured the third-party channel account value. We looked at and we have the capability from an operational standpoint, we're just looking at it the environment and all the things as we said this will be -- we will continue on that path.
Nigel Dally: Okay, very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from John Barnidge, Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thanks. I know you mentioned the framework is in place for future insurance transactions for fixed annuities, but would you consider risk transfer for the variable annuity block at all?
Walter Berman: As Jim said we will evaluate and certainly look at what is in the best interest of the shareholders. Again, those have different nuances attached to it, but the answer is we will evaluate for sure.
John Barnidge: Okay and then my follow-up now that we have the first year of tax returns post-reform in the books, can you talk about how you saw activity change from 1Q to 2018 to 1Q 2019 and maybe what you're seeing so far this quarter? From products that demand generally sees a boost from refunds?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, I mean I think when you look at client activity, we haven't seen a material -- I mean I think there has been a bit more -- some investments in tax exempts et cetera has gone through if you're looking at the retail client, are looking at the corporate?
Walter Berman: No, I think -- it's Walter. As we -- I think [Indiscernible] you have to look at -- we saw our activity level. Our activity -- because I think you are driving at the activity level, we've seen because people are not getting the refunds is that where you are going?
John Barnidge: Yes.
Walter Berman: Yes. So, what we started seeing in January as we said, the activity levels are were lower and then in February and March, they really came back up. As we are not seeing that impact at all from people getting lower tax refunds or anticipation of lower tax refunds. That does not manifest itself yet if at all.
John Barnidge: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Nadel, UBS. Please go ahead.
John Nadel: Good morning. A couple of real quick ones. Just a clarification on slide 12. When you say return capital at 110% of earnings and to fund the bank in 2019. I guess I just wanted to clarify is the bank part of that 110% or is the 110% isolated to just buy backs and common dividends?
Walter Berman: Just buybacks and common dividends.
John Nadel: All right, that's helpful. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on the tax rate I guess your original outlook for 2019; Walter was 17% to 19% and now we're looking at 16%. So, my question is how should we be thinking about that tax rate beyond 2019? I understand your earnings mix will continue to shift. I'm just wondering if we should be thinking about more about that 17% to 19% range beyond 2019? Or is there a reason why we stay below that range on a go-forward basis? 
Walter Berman: John, it is incorrect I think we actually didn't give guidance for 2019. This the first time we actually mentioning it. I'll go back and check. But the 16% is totally consistent with what we told it would be. And that is like I said it's a line with what 2018 was. I can't really -- you're right it's going to change based on mixed earnings and things like that as you go because you had more to the margin of 21%. But the answer is I think this is a pretty comfortable range. 
John Nadel: Okay. That’s helpful. And then if I could -- just on long-term care, I guess, can you tell us -- are you willing to tell us whether you've actually had any formal discussions or due diligence with any counterparties at this point on a the possible risk transfer? Is that something that just hasn't really taken place in any formal way? And then if I could also add to that as the Genworth nationwide deal has now been extended. I think it's actually the ninth time they've extended. And it appears no closer to gaining the remaining regulatory approvals. I'm just wondering have you had any discussions with the Genworth around providing more details as to the protections you have in place around your reinsurance agreement with them? 
Walter Berman: Okay so -- let me answer the question this way is. We are approachable all the time for people to explore the opportunity to certainly enter a reinsurance arrangement with us. There's nothing we have seen but we keep an open mind about it based on the way that we feel our exposure is as it relates to our book of business, it's nothing has really risen to the top of the stage to really get us into really considering, but as Jim said we will always look for options and that's what we do. As it relates to the ninth time, the tenth time -- as it relates to Genworth we are not -- I'll say my way we're indifferent. I'll be candid from that standpoint. We repeatedly keep on referring to the fact that we have arrangement with them that it really does protect us and we feel extremely comfortable whether the sales is there or the sales not there. And that is something that we feel is something that is really without any doubt in our minds we feel we have the protection. 
John Nadel: And I appreciate that Walter, I -- you guys have the detail, right? I think investors particularly in the event that this deal -- the Genworth Ocean wide deal actually does not gain approvals or is disapproved. I guess, I'm just wondering whether those details will be something that you can provide externally to your investor base to give them the same level of confidence that you guys have internally? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Right, so this is Jim. Let me just take a minute to tell you why we don't think so and importantly why the point of view that has been expressed that -- in solvency if it ever occurred would look could mean billions of exposure to us is not only highly theoretical it's wrong. As previously disclosed in 2016 RiverSource negotiated substantial enhancements to its reinsurance credit protections under its reinsurance arrangement with Gleck. These were intended among other things to protect RiverSource against erosion and Gleck's financial position. Due to confidentiality obligations, we are not at liberty to disclose the extent or nature of such credit protections, but we hope to provide some additional color that's helpful as to why we continue to believe that our net counterparty credit exposure to Glick is very different from the gross exposure and is well within our overall risk tolerance. A few points to consider, Glick is domiciled in Delaware. So any insolvency proceedings will be located there, and governed by Delaware laws. Delaware laws and courts have a long tradition of respecting commercial and financial affairs and the contract sophisticated people enter into corporate law trust in insurance. Similar credit protections to these types we have with Glick have been tested and ensured insolvency's proceedings in Delaware, and they have been respected by the authorities. The same holds true elsewhere in the United States. We believe that these protections will be respected even in the unlikely event that Glick what to eventually become subject to insolvency proceedings in Delaware. While we know no credit productions are perfect. we believe the correct way to think about our counterparty credit exposure to Glick is not the full amount of grainy gross liability that Glick reinsurers, but rather than net exposure to Glick after taking into account our credit protections, which would be significantly smaller exposure, if it were to exist.
John Nadel: I appreciate that response. Thanks Jim.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Kligerman. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered so just maybe some follow-ups on previous. The de-risking of long tail business is clearly, Jim when you mentioned that was the LTC. It sounds to me that there is no sense of urgency to enter into any arrangement. Is that the right read?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, what I would say and my read just based on what I've – and Walter said is this. We feel good about what we have for our own business and what we manage just like we have in place for our reinsurance. We feel that we take appropriate reserves. We look at the experience. We constantly evaluate. We have again taking rate we have got approval for rates that are going into effect. We are adjusting even some of the alternatives that clients have as they move forward. So with that, don't get me wrong, there can always be some exposure in the future, right, we know things will change, the world evolves. There could be change in some clients, but our book is very aged. Our people have been there for long time. We have very strong claim experience. And so as we continue to make these things, remember this is a book that we closed in 2002. The age is much higher than average. And our experience levels are very strong. And knowledge of what we have. So we're not saying that couldn't be some exposures going forward, but on a relative basis based on the strength of our position our cash flows our capital and what necessarily even could change in the near future, next few years that's five years, 10 years this is immaterial to our ability to handle it. But I know, people are putting this undo sort of risk out there as an umbrella on us, but it's not going to have an effect that people think in any stretch in imagination. Even, if you said, it was hypothetically a few hundred million dollars, we can easily take that against our access capital position would not even a beat at this point. So the point of reference is, if there is a reasonable transaction even if it's at a discount with a good party and I think people are getting more sophisticated in understanding the differences, I think the transaction could occur. Okay? One of the big variables is interest rates. The long-term rates have come down a little more. If they went back to where they were, it'll be more appetizing. So let me be very clear. We're not opposed to anything like that. We're evaluating. You saw we just started the reinsurance. We told you, it would take a little time for us to get where we wanted in the Auto and Home. Listen, I think we’re credible what we say and what we’ll do. We'll make very formed decisions, and we’ll evaluate to continue to invest and grow the business. What I would take away from this today is that we’re really excited about the opportunities we have in Ameriprise and Wealth Management business and a generation of cash across the company. Even with our Asset Management and INA business, INA is really good solid books. And if there are opportunities for someone to get certain based on the structures they have, but keep the real good benefits and the growth and us really growing the opportunity with our clients and working on a good products, we are open to it. And the same thing with long-term care. But we're going to manage it really well. We're going to make sure that we get appropriate return and cover our risks. And to the extent that there are those little blips that pop up, we're well easily able to cover them. So that's the way I would think about it, but no, we're not opposed to any transaction on LTC, and we think that people are getting more sophisticated in understanding the differences, and maybe there'll be a potential for us in the near future. And we're looking at it. So people are starting to call and we are starting to talk.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Yeah. And it is kind of a shame because you’ve got so many great businesses and trends going on that talking so much time about this is, just it doesn't make a lot of sense. But with that said, it sounds like you're not going to do anything that would harm your balance sheet given your feeling about the LTC block and the stability of it. Shifting over to two items, one the crediting rate on your sweep fees and Advice & Wealth Management, I think I saw that it came up by 7 basis points in March. Looking out into the second quarter, are the yields pretty stable right now? And do you think -- Walter you mentioned you might need to stay competitive. Is there any impetus to raise crediting rates any further?
Walter Berman: No, what you saw is -- we're constantly evaluating our competitive positioning and we believe we are competitive now. And we will constantly review, but I don’t see anything that would be changing going forward. But if it does, we will adjust it.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And then just lastly on the tax rate, it says in the press release the 16% range. I think that means for the year. So can we assume that given that you had 17.3% in the first quarter that it might trend a little bit under 16% for the balance of the three quarters?
Walter Berman: Yes.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Erik Bass. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. How are you thinking about the best options for growing the Advice & Wealth business going forward? Are there meaningful organic investments of capital that could accelerate growth? Or to pursue M&A, what type of transactions would be of interest?
Jim Cracchiolo: So what I mentioned before that we are taking the opportunity to make really good investments and enhancing all of our digital capabilities, our advice capabilities, our client engagement systems. We feel good about that. We are actually picking up our pace in recruitment out in the industry as well. I feel good about that. And it gives us opportunities. And I do believe there may be some opportunities for us as I mentioned and in the use of capital to look at some good potential additional add-ons to our wealth management business from an M&A perspective. It's a bit early for me to get into that right now, but at some things that we're going to spend a bit more time exploring. And we think that may be a good use of our capital moving forward.
Erik Bass: Got it. On that note, it will be similar to some of transactions you have done recently were sort of keen lift outs or acquisitions were small, independent firms or could it be something bigger than that as well?
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say it could be both. I -- listen there are different opportunities in the wealth management space right now that we're thinking about or looking at. So, I don't want to go further than that, but just say listen. This is an area that is our core. We know it well. We understand it we do believe we can bring a lot to it. So, it's one of the things that we want to spend a little bit more energy on.
Erik Bass: Got it. And lastly big picture, it sounds like your focus is really to continue to shift enterprise more towards a distribution company and away from product manufacturing? Would this just be organically growing AWM at a faster rate? Or could you also see exiting more of your manufacturing businesses?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, what I would say is this, as you just saw based on our mix and growth, our distribution business the AWM is over 50% now of our earnings. We still have very good businesses. Our INA business, however, are solutions to the clients and they are very complementary. So, the real good cash flow. We get the solid nature of the books is because the part of where my client assets go for products that we manufacture in addition to what we distribute externally. So, I think that's how I think of it. Same thing with the Asset Management business, Columbia manages a good reasonable amount of assets both for our retail clients, also as part of our books for our INA business and it's very complementary. And if you go back, many, many years we started as a manufacturer with distribution as a cost center. When I came in, I converted the distribution to the profit center, and wanted to round out my solutions group. I exited third-party in the INA, because of what was happening in the industry. In the Asset Management, I figured I would complement that by buying some companies to give me more of that third-party distribution as a compliment. I think, we have accomplished that so, to a good regard. And having said that, I still value the solutions part and what we do here. But as I would probably say the growth driver of the coming right now based on industry pressures et cetera, is in our distribution channel. But we will continue to be a quality provider in the other areas. And they will generate some good returns for us.
Erik Bass: Great. Thank you. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Smith. Please go ahead.
Jeff Smith: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Quick question on management fees in wealth management up 4% in the quarter but looking at that as a percentage of assets or of average rep assets. I mean it was down a fair amount to 1.32%. Can you maybe speak to that and give us a sense of where you see that going over the next year or two?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I think in the first quarter just as we saw in the fourth quarter, you had depreciated assets from the level of where you started in December. And so offloads have been consistently strong fourth quarter, first quarter and they are even getting back to even higher levels as we exited the first quarter. But I think when you look at the fee level you had equity markets down significantly at the end of the year, just making its way back through the quarter. And so when you run a very large portfolio like that with a reasonable portion being in equity or a portion of that 50%, 60% that's where you're going to get that fee compression. But to Walters point what he explained would be as we are exiting this quarter with the markets backup, you should probably see it come back to the full level of the type of fee that we had. But the good inflows over the course of the entire last year will complement that as we move forward.
Jeff Smith: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will be from Humphrey Lee. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just a question related to rep flows at AWM. So you've talked about, January was a little bit weaker, muted start and picked back up in February and March. I guess, how much was the impact was January was to the quarter? And do you feel if the kind of going forward to see a more normal activities, do you feel like you could go back to roughly $5 million range of quarter in terms of rep net flows?
Walter Berman: Yeah, so in January it was substantially down. And basically by March it was back at the levels -- at the historic levels. And we are again I can't give you an exact number, but certainly we are seeing a pattern that we feel comfortable with as we that -- as the client activities started to coming back. So we feel very good about that trend line and that's continuing in April to a degree.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. So basically fourth quarter and first quarter was an anomaly then we should kind of looking back to be at the rest of the quarters in recent history?
Walter Berman: Yeah, that's what certainly the pattern is saying. And especially as you start March you just watched January down and just progressed it's way right back up in March and it exited. And we're seeing that continuing.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. And then in Asset Management, you mentioned that the EMEA flows were weaker but then you have some of the distribution build out that should hopefully improve the flows activities a little bit better towards the balance of the year. Can you talk about the build-out of the distribution in Continental Europe, and then your expectation for how these channels would be the coming quarters?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah, so this is Jim. What I would say is first of all in the first quarter, we completed our transfer of our OIC assets into C caps sort out of Luxembourg range that we have established last year. So even part of the expense that we have, and the P&L was based on completing that shifting the assets, offsetting some of the expense for our clients et cetera. Now when we've done that, we now have a range of the product, the good range of the product and we are adding resources in some of the markets like Italy and Spain and Germany, ramping up with some manpower distribution et cetera marketing to start to sell more formally in Europe. We also sold, but we almost sold out of sort of the idea that we are distributing oics and we don't have necessarily all the resources fully on the ground. So we are ramping that up. Now I would just say activity in Europe and Brexit, if you look at the number of European firms out of the U.K. in Asset Management, you'll find that activity is pretty weak and redemptions were there. But if that starts to get back as people start to see clarity around Brexit or the idea that the European economy is not slowing, I think you'll see a rebound in that activity and then with what we're doing to expand in Europe hopefully that will even give us a greater level of upside down the road. I don't think that's going to happen immediately because of the situation across Europe and the U.K. right now, but it’s one of the areas where we have always gone in good flows, we have good product and one where we do believe that there is a benefit as that starts to settle down on the continent and in U.K.
Humphrey Lee: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. My name is Sylvia and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on Slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insights into the Company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter 2018 earnings release, our 2017 Annual Report to shareholders and our 2017 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you will see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter. As you are aware, the year-over-year comparison of results was impacted by the Tax Cut and Jobs Act in the prior year as well as manual version related impact and unlocking in both years. As such, we have provided our adjusted operating results excluding these items. Management believes this enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations, and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes from our call today will focus on operating financial results, adjusted for the tax act unlocking and mean reversion related impacts. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Hello and thanks for joining our earnings call. This morning, we will discuss our fourth-quarter results and I'll update you on the business and our priorities in a much more dynamic operating environment. Really markets were quite volatile in the quarter, particularly in December in the U.S. with significant declines across asset classes and while that's come back a bit when managing the business in light of this uncertain backdrop. Overall for the year, we continued our track record of delivering excellent results for the Company and generated good profitability and returns. And we also continue to invest the long-term value creation and business growth. In Wealth Management, we delivered strong and Ameriprise client flows and advisor productivity. As we've demonstrated in prior cycles, a volatile environment reinforces the importance of the personal advice, investment perspective and solutions that we offer. Our Asset Management business was more directly affected by the market declines and hiking volatility. That said, our impacts were in line with the industry in terms of asset declines and accelerated outflows. And in variable annuities, the market environment resulted in a non-cash impact that Walter will recover in more detail. Our assets under management and administration was down 8% to $823 billion, reflecting the 14% sequential market decline, which was mitigated by continued strength in Ameriprise client net inflows. In terms of adjusted operating results and excluding the items we highlighted, revenues remained steady at $3.2 billion, earnings increased 12% to $544 million, earnings per diluted share were up 21% to $3.80. Return on equity excluding AOCI and unlocking was a strong 37.8%. During the quarter and the year, we continue to invest in growth initiatives that will help to sustain the business to the future. In addition to growth investments based on earnings and capital position and with our strong cash flow, we accelerated our share repurchases, given the market decline and our discounted share price. For the year, we committed more than $2 billion to shareholders by increasing our dividend and repurchasing 11 million shares. This reduced our shares outstanding by 7%, and represents a truly differentiated level of capital return. And we continue to maintain $1.5 billion in excess capital. We also continue to shift our earnings mix to less capital-intensive business lines, something we've done consistently over the years, and this generated significant free cash flow. Looking at the last four years, as we've grown our earnings with increased to percentage of contributions from Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management from 66% in 2015 to 74% in 2018. Looking ahead, we see additional opportunity to take this number even further. With regard to our financial advisory business, Ameriprise client assets held strong at $539 billion, down just 4% even with the volatility and steep market declines. A key growth platform for Ameriprise is our fee-based investment advisory wrap business. It's one of the largest investor running the industry at 251 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Net inflows remain robust at $4.5 billion. This marks the seventh consecutive quarter where we've had wrap net inflows above $4 billion. Sequentially, wrap flows declined a bit as clients took a more defensive posture and move more into cash, and we're earning competitive returns on our $28 billion of brokerage cash balances which were up 6% in all time high. As a diversified financial services firm, the combination of the breadth of our products suite and financial planning expertise helps us retain assets. We continue to bring in clients and we're helping them rebalanced their assets based on changing market dynamics. With good client flows, increase client activity and traction from our investments, we continue to grow our advisor productivity nicely. On a trailing 12-month basis, it's up 9% to $620,000. This builds on many years of strong productivity gains, and we continue to earn high client and advisor satisfaction. Recruiting is an important complement to retaining our top people. Experience productive advisors are consistently attractive to Ameriprise because of our excellent support, reputation and track record of investing to help advisors to grow. In the quarter, 93 advisors joined the firm and for 2018 overall, we brought on 335 new experience advisors. We're also investing to convert our national trust bank to a federal savings bank. Things are going well and we expect to hear from regulators this quarter. With a clear focus on our clients and growth, Ameriprise and our value proposition are directly aligned with the significant wealth management opportunity in U.S. Consumer research affirms that the mass affluent and affluent want to work in a personal advice-based relationship with a trusted advisor. In fact, trust remains most important aspect of working with a financial advisor. Ameriprise is both the long-standing leader in advice and we ranked number one in trust across the investment industry by attempting with various focused on advice and delivering what our clients and consumers want. Across the firm, we're making additional investments to continue delivering an excellent client experience and help advisors growth productivity. This includes enhancing our digital and financial planning capabilities as well as upgrading to an advanced CRM system later this year to enable our advisors to work and even more goal-based and integrated way with their clients. As we've discussed last quarter, we've been testing these enhanced capabilities in the field and are pleased with the initial results. Advisors have reported clients are more engaged and confident when advisors are having goal-based conversations and using these new capabilities. So we feel there is a compelling opportunity to expand this across the entire client base. In addition, we continue to invest in the Ameriprise brand, which is strong in the marketplace with awareness there, our highest levels. We introduce the next chapter of our Be Brilliant platform earlier this month with new ads that highlight the personalized differentiated experience we delivered declines to help them achieve their goals. Overall in Advice & Wealth Management would generate excellent results double digit earnings growth and strong margins of both 23% in the quarter. With regard to protection annuities, the books are performing well in this rate environment. Sales over the course of the year held up with some slowing in the fourth quarter. Variable annuity sales were up 6% to $4.5 billion for the year, right in line with the consistent 4 billion to 5 billion sales range, we have seen historically. We continue to generate an appropriate level of sales and returns in these businesses. Let's move to Asset Management. The fourth quarter was a tough market environment with substantial industry wide outflows across asset classes, styles and geographies as you've seen with other asset managers who have already reported. In the U.S., it was the most difficult quarter for long-term mutual fund flows in the industry dating back to 2007. Investors move to de-risk given significant market declines in December, year-end tax selling and higher volatility. And in Europe, key indices were down sharply in October spiking higher outflows across Europe. How did that affect us in the fourth quarter? Like others, we felt that pressure in assets under management declines which included net outflows of $4.7 billion, but reinvested dividends. In the U.S. our rate of mutual fund outflows was in line with the industry. And in Europe, we suffer the level of outflows consistent with our peers. In past market disruptions, European investors tend to react quickly to market dynamics whether that's positively or negatively. So far in January with improved markets, we're seeing better mutual funds flow rates in the U.S. and Europe, and we hope that will continue. From a revenue standpoint in the quarter, the decline reflected a drop in assets under management as well as the unwinding of a couple of our CLOs and higher performance fees last year. To gain flows we are working to deliver relevant quality solutions and service to our retail and institutional clients, and consistent competitive investment performance. Our one-year investment performance was impacted by unusual, but not unheard of price dislocation that took place in the fourth quarter. In the few occasions where this has previously occurred, those securities with positive ratings from our proprietary research subsequently performed well on average, which is what we're already seeing for January. This impacted our three year numbers as well, but we expect they will improve in 2019 at the dropping of a similar underperformance in our U.S. portfolios that occurred in the first quarter of 2016. We are also sharply focused on maintaining our excellent expense discipline and will continue to be thoughtful moving forward given the current climate. In the quarter, expenses and asset management were down nicely. We also had to absorb additional Brexit related cost due to the transfer of EU client assets from our OEIC funds into Lux domiciled C-cap products, which we are in the process of completing. As we look forward, we were focused on gaining traction where we see growth opportunities. This includes our efforts to enhance and further introduce our data driven distribution work in the U.S. that will help drive improvement in gross sales and market share at many of our top intermediary firms. We're building on our strength in the UK and continue to expand in Europe with a focus on Germany, Italy and Spain, now that we've established a more comprehensive C-cap lineup of funds. And we want to continue to grow Columbia Threadneedle of brand awareness and consideration. Given the scope of our capabilities, we see opportunity to capture market share in our core markets. Overall in Asset Management, it was a tough quarter, but the industry and for us we're managing headwinds as part of the Ameriprise and competing for share in a very competitive marketplace. In closing, we delivered a good quarter in a volatile market environment completing what was a good year for Ameriprise. We have a consistent record of delivering long-term value, investing for growth and returning capital to shareholders at attractive levels. We continue to transform the business and focus on areas of opportunity that would generate a strong return with wealth management driving our growth. At the same time, we will focus on continuing to tightly control expenses in 2019. As we look at the year ahead, I'm confident in our ability to serve clients well and navigate a very fluid environment. Walter?
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Turning to Page 5, Ameriprise delivered strong results in 2018. We continue to make significant progress in delivering our long-term shareholder objectives, as demonstrated by 4% growth in revenue, strong 27% growth in EPS, and 38% return on equity. Let me take you through the details beginning on Slide 6. Overall, Ameriprise delivered 4% revenue growth for the year despite been flat in the fourth quarter from market dislocation. Through the first three quarters of 2018, revenue growth was 6%. Advice & Wealth Management absorb the pressure from the substantial drop in markets through continued good client flows and higher earnings on cash balances. Asset management and annuities were more impacted, which is what we would expect in this environment. Let's turn to our earnings on Slide 7. Full year earnings increased 20%. With the challenging revenue environment, we remain keenly focused on expense management. Expenses continue to be well managed across the perm with G&A down 5% in the fourth quarter and flat for the full year. This remains a critical area of focus and the key lever as we navigate environment in 2019. The effective tax rate came in as expected at 17.3%. And I'd like to take a moment to remind you of a few dynamics that will impact the results in the first quarter. First, there are only 90-fee days in the first quarter which impact Advice & Wealth Management, Asset Management and Annuities. Second, we have some seasonality in our expenses that we have discussed in the past related to payroll taxes. This impacts all business segments with the largest impacts in the Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management area. Last, in the fourth quarter, we absorb the significant percentage of market decline impact. As the current market levels sustain, a portion of the carryover impact will be mitigated. Next on Slide 8. You will see excellent EPS growth of 21% in the quarter and 27% for the full year. In total, adjusted operating EPS was $3.80 for the quarter and $14.94 for the full year. You will buy Advice & Wealth Management, which now makes up about half of our pretax adjusted operating earnings. In 2018, we continued our track record a differentiated capital return with 2.1 billion return through buybacks and dividends including a 50% increase in share repurchases in the fourth quarter buying back 3.6 million shares given the particularly attractive value. Lastly, we are maintaining excellent balance sheet fundamentals with 1.5 billion of excess capital and excellent liquidity. Let's turn to Slide 9. For the year, Advice & Wealth Management represented nearly half of the Company's pretax adjusted operating earnings, demonstrating a significant upward trend from 44% in 2017 and 40% in 2016. We have diversified sources of free cash flow from our businesses with Advice & Wealth Management driving much of our growth complemented by Asset Management, Annuities and Protection. Our fee-based businesses of Wealth Management and Asset Management now make-up nearly three quarters of our earnings. Our distribution of earnings continues to diversify with AWM and Asset Management generating approximately 65% of our free cash flow in the near term. We are seeing strong growth trends in advice wealth management, which you can see on Slide 10. Total client assets were pressured by equity market declines, down 4% to 539 billion despite very strong client net inflows throughout 2018, including in the fourth quarter. Through the first three quarters of 2018, our client assets benefited from a combination of solid flows and market appreciation, with our clients assets reaching 588 billion at the end of the third quarter. Finances were negatively impacted from the 14% drop in equity markets point-to-point in the fourth quarter, a portion of this impact would be offset by the improvement so far this year. Brokerage cash balances grew to 27.7 billion in the fourth quarter. In the first part of the year when markets were less volatile, we saw clients putting money to work and cash balances declining. Given the volatile environment in the fourth quarter, clients reverse course and kept additional cash, as we expected. It is important to note that retained assets on our platform by meeting clients' needs in our all environments. We are benefiting from short rates getting back to more normal historical levels, while we have retained a high percentage of the rise and short rates to date, we have recently increase the client crediting rate based on market changes. We are closely monitoring crediting rates to remain competitive with peers. Finally, organic advisor productivity also continues to improve reaching 620,000 on a trailing 12 months basis for the quarter. This level has grown steadily throughout the year. Let's turn to Slide 11. Advice & Wealth Management is delivering consistent strong financial performance overtime that is underpinned by sustainable business fundamentals that I just discuss. Overall AWM had been delivering a substantial 22% earnings growth trend through September. The market dislocation the fourth quarter reduce the trend, but AWM still delivered 30% growth for the quarter, and an excellent 19% growth rate for the full-year. Trends were consistent for revenues. We had been on the growth trajectory of 12% through September, driven by wrap net inflows and higher transactional activity levels, as well as the benefit of higher short-term rates on cash sweep balances. Fourth quarter market declines reduced fees and slowed the growth rate to 5% for the quarter, resulting in a full year revenue growth of 10%. Markets have come back in January, which should help. Expenses were very well controlled with G&A up only 2% for the quarter compared to full year increase of 6%. We are diligently managing G&A while investing to improve the client experience and ease of doing business. We are making investments where we see the best payback and margins reached a record 23.3% in the quarter and 22.4% for the full year. Let's turn to asset management on Page 12. With financial performance was clearly impacted by substantial industry headwinds, positive earnings trends from asset management were disrupted by the market dislocation in the fourth quarter, earnings down 27% year-over-year and 22% sequentially to 153 million. Let me explain the year-over-year change first. Of the 57 million decline, approximately 40% was related to the 28 million benefit from performance fees and CLO unwinds in the year-ago compared to just 5 million in this quarter, and the business absorbed 8 million of additional expenses associated with the development and implementation of our Brexit strategy. The remainder of the decline was primarily due to outflows. On a sequential basis earnings declined to 44 million of which approximately 35% was related to lower performance fees and the one-time expenses associated with Brexit, normalizing for these two items earnings were down 16%, primarily from markets. Revenues of 706 million also reflecting the impact of markets and lower performance fees, the fee rate in the quarter decline to just under 52 basis points, demonstrating the fee pressure the industry is facing. Expenses continue to be prudently managed by generating operating efficiencies and reengineering, which is funding growth investments, and higher regulatory course in Europe. Excluding the one-time Brexit expenses in the quarter, and the lower performance fee compensation, G&A expenses were down 6%, demonstrating our commitment to expense discipline, and the challenging revenue environment. We anticipated adjusting our ongoing expense base in light of the markets, while ensuring we continue to invest for future growth. In addition, given the factors I just described, we delivered a 35% margin in the quarter. Let's turn to annuities on Slide 13. In the quarter, variable annuities earnings are 115 million, which is essentially flat to last year after excluding mean reversion related impacts. In the quarter there was a 68 million unfavorable mean reversion related impact from the 14% drop in equity markets point-to-point. Based on the outside impact and volatilities from market declines, we are evaluating changing our definition of adjusted operating earnings to exclude mean reversion related impacts consistent with others in the industry. Variable annuities continue to be in outflow though at a slower pace than last year. Variable annuity sales slowed a bit from the market volatility in the quarter, but remain up 6% for the full year, which is above the industry. And nearly 30% of our VA sales are in products without living benefit riders. It should be noted that are net amount of risk was 1.7% of the account value with living benefits and 1.6% of account value with death benefits. This was up sequentially due to the change in the markets, but we believe this remains at best-in-class levels. Fixed annuities pretax adjusted operating earnings declined to 4 million, reflecting the continued impact of lapses and interest rates, as well as lower mortality for income annuity policyholder. Turning to protection on Slide 14. Life and Health pretax adjusted operating earnings were 67 million reflecting lower portfolio, yields and claims in line with expectations. In the Auto and Home business pretax adjusted operating earnings were 15 million excluding net cat losses. Gross cat losses were 62 million primarily from California wildfires. Net cat losses growing 12 million, reflecting substantial benefit from our reinsurance program. Let's turn to the balance sheet on Slide 15. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. Our excess capital is approximately 1.5 billion with an estimate RBC ratio of approximately 500%. Our hedging program has been quite effective with weighted managed hedge effectiveness at 98% in the quarter. The investment portfolio remains strong and diversified, and free cash flow generation remains excellent. We've returned 2.1 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in 2018. As we enter 2019, we are still targeting to return 90% to 100% of operating earnings to shareholders, as a baseline, but we will adjust that as we assess market conditions in our evaluation. In closing, Ameriprise delivered another strong year of financial results and organic growth. With strong client flows and productivity gains in Advice & Wealth Management, we are focused on expense management and have the ability to adjust our expense base this year based on the revenue environment. Finally, our balance sheet is strong and our business model generates significant free cash flow that will sustain a differentiated return. Now, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: AWM client activity appeared to hold up reasonably well considering in the tough market backdrop. Can you give some more perspective on what you saw and then how you are seeing customers behave far in the New Year?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so what we saw in the fourth quarter was a continuation of good engagement between the advisor and the client, and very clearly what we're focused on doing is helping the client sort of navigate this as sort of a bullet rather than an idea that they need to change what they're planning for. So, we try to keep them on target, on focus of what their longer-term goals are, knowing that the markets will be about a volatile, but we also try to work with them very clearly on their asset allocations rebalancing and diversifications that they have, and so that's what we continue to see. As you saw, there was a bit more pickup of cash in the quarter not necessarily from people selling out per say, but from new cash coming in that's been hold on the sidelines a bit. And as we went through the first quarter, we continue to see that engagement rebalancing occurring, et cetera, which we think is a healthy and good, but we are very much focused on keeping them focused on what their ultimate goals are rather than just the market, the volatility, that's currently here.
Ryan Krueger: And then within the Asset Management, you've talked about a 35% to 39% margin in the past. You were at 35% in the quarter. Do you feel like you can maintain at least the low end of that range given the tough backdrop?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, we did experience in the quarter as you saw, the markets depreciated a lot on, and of course as that occurs, your fee revenue particularly from your equity product goes down a bit more as it had occurred. We also experienced some increase even though we've actually reduced expenses a lot. Our margins in Europe went down, mainly because of what we had to do in transferring the assets for Brexit and the number of the expenses that we had to fund there. So, yes, were still focused on maintaining those margin levels to a combination of things that we're working on, but it would be at the lower end of those ranges at this point in time, as we have start to see hopefully some markets recover a bit.
Operator: Our following question comes from Humphrey Lee. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Lee: Regarding the brokerage cash in AWM, I think in your prepared remarks you talked about, you have passed along some of the economics to your clients. I was just wondering, can you talk a little more about the competitive pressure that you are seeing from your competitors and then some of the actions that you're looking to take given there is definitely a greater competition for deposits nowadays in the market?
Walter Berman: Yes, this is Walter. We monitor this as we indicated on a weekly basis. Our whole group of peers to ensure that we stay competitive along the different segments of the dollar amounts of the sweep accounts. And we have passed on certainly some of that as we saw from the September one, but we are remaining competitive. And candidly, we're actually seeing, right now, there is a less competitive pressure in the areas of focus, but we'll continue to monitor it and certainly as appropriate pass that on.
Humphrey Lee: So, you've talked about raising the crediting rates in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about, how much did you raise your crediting rate?
Walter Berman: We've raised it at the upper end of it, that's where we saw a little gap, and it was -- I don't have the exact numbers, but it was only certainly in a couple basis points that basically passed on to allow us to be in that alignment with our peers.
Humphrey Lee: And then regarding the application of converting your trust bank to your federal savings bank. So in your remarks you talk about you should hear back from the regulators this quarter. Then I guess what would be the next step? And once you get the approval, how soon can you be operational?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, right now, again, we are tracking and we've indicated that in the couple weeks that we hope to have the approvals from both regulators the OCC and the fed. And once that occurs, assuming that occurs, we hopefully would be operational in the beginning of the first quarter or the end of -- beginning of the second quarter or the end of first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous.
Erik Bass: This is valuations for asset managers continued to come down, how does that factor into your strategic view of business? I guess, are you more inclined to look for growth in other areas and continued to shift the mix away from traditional asset management? Do you see a disconnect whether maybe opportunities to acquire assets or platforms at attractive prices?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, we are -- as you see, we actually think if you look at our make-up of 50% now is coming roughly from our Advice & Wealth Management business, which I think would have a differentiated PE from asset managers, that I think it should be factored more into our value. And as you heard from my opening comments, we're putting a lot of focus on the continued growth there and investments to continue to grow the client base, grow the advisor productivity, add more advisors, and even look at other opportunities to enhance our channel mix there by growing our central sites, our ACC, IPO which is working with community banks et cetera. So, we have an emphasis there regarding where we're putting a lot of our focus. And then and we go to Asset Management as we said, we've done -- we picked up a few other things were launching some other alternatives infrastructure funds and other things within the Asset Management. So what we're trying to do in the asset management is more of refine against the core areas that we see good opportunity, good growth that we can achieve good margins, expand in certain sections like in the international arena as well, and really right size that for what we're seeing in the marketplace regarding the sales and the activities. And we will try to complement that where necessary and appropriate for areas of opportunity that we can get good returns in the future. So, that's the way were looking at it today.
Erik Bass: And then this quarter the level of corporate expense looked unusually low. How should we think about the run rate going forward for the corporate loss?
Walter Berman: We're -- again, again, I don't want interpret because every time I do, I am wrong, but somewhere in the 65 million to 70 million range, it is something that we've talked about.
Erik Bass: And that is with or without long-term care?
Jim Cracchiolo: Long-term care is available, but for this particular -- I would include, it's included. It's only been several million dollars.
Operator: Our following question comes from Jeff Smith from William Blair.
Jeff Smith: One of the things I noticed in Wealth Management that investment income was up 43% on a quarter. I think it was up more than 30% on the year. What's driving that high growth?
Jim Cracchiolo: I'm sorry, can you repeat the question? I'm sorry.
Jeff Smith: Yes, the investment income piece in the Wealth Management segment, it was up around 43% in the quarter and more than 30% on the year. Why is growth so high there?
Jim Cracchiolo: That's from our surge. Surge hasn't been growing, our search on product.
Jeff Smith: And then just looking at the pretax margin wealth management come from just looking over two years 18% to 22%, but G&A expenses were -- are up a lot by 20% over that time period. So, it seemed that starts to level out again there is some upside there. Do you have a long-term goal and where you think that margin can get to, I mean, as 25% reasonable over the longer term?
Walter Berman: It depends on life services. As you notice, so we are enjoying exceptionally strong and continually growing margins. It is slowing and obviously it depends on markets. We do generate a lot of productivities and certainly the interest rates improve that. So, certainly, we do see opportunity to increase. I can't get to exactly because we're dealing with so many variables on where we will get to 25, but certainly we have room to continue to grow that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say and some of the things that you heard me speak about during the year and even here in the fourth quarter is that, we're continuing to make investments in technology, we are continuing to help on our advisors to be able to go deeper against their client activities with greater levels of engagement for the digital tools, the capabilities, the planning tools that we're putting in there, customer relationship management system as well as how they're marketing themselves in their own communities. So, we're really positive about the effects that, that could continue to have to help drive their productivity. We do manage expenses while the increases that you're seeing were mainly due to the type of the investments that we think will get some good paybacks on, as we continue to look to the future. The only other investment we're making beyond what I've mentioned to you that Walter and I've discussed is really the banking business, but we think the banking business will generate a very good margin that could be complementary like some of the other houses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Just wanted to start with the G&A expense. You've mentioned expense just went up a couple of times. So, can you just give us the sense of what your plan is for 2019 in terms of G&A?
Walter Berman: Well, Suneet as you know, we've been quite disciplined and certainly appropriate in managing the business therefore managing the G&A expenses to ensure that we're being and quite effective, and but still investing for growth and appropriately and interestingly. So that is the plan, but we certainly continue -- will plan on continue to prudently manage those expenses and certainly evaluate the situation and have the flexibility, again to make adjustments where appropriate, but again looking at the market, there we feel will just continue to evaluate.
Suneet Kamath: And should we be thinking about sort of flat G&A like we had this year or are the investments going to pull at, pull that higher?
Walter Berman: Well, we have again, as Jim just mentioned the bank and other things of that and all of the growth investments. So, it would bar on that basis it is certainly we continue -- we're going to focus on trying to maintain the expense levels with those investments and other growth investments in this lower range dealing with the revenue situation.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, Suneet. So, we're going to control expenses across the firm. At the same time, we're not going to stop the investments that we'd think it makes sense like the bank, et cetera. So they may add some incremental, but we look to manage all of the other expenses tightly along those lines, but those investments that were making should give us some good paybacks like the bank. So that's the way we look at it, and we have maintained our level of flexibility as we've seen in the past.
Suneet Kamath: And then switching to the Auto and Home and I think you talked about year-end 2018 being sort of a time when you reassess that business given the progress that you've made. So, I was just hoping you could give us an update on how you are thinking about it going forward?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yet, so we're we are underway in our reviews there and so we will be working through that as we go through the first quarter here and so we will be getting back to you in the future.
Operator: Our following question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Wondering if you could provide a little bit more color around the advisory fee revenue within Advice & Wealth Management. And this is a separate from the financial planning and transaction fees. Just wondering why the trends still resilient? I think there's only a slight decline sequentially versus a much steeper decline in the advisory assets in the fourth quarter. What's driving that our resiliency?
Walter Berman: Again, it's the average from our standpoint, unlike some of our peers. We set rates on average basis, so you're getting not the full impact. So some people said, got the benefit or setting on October 1st. And candidly, we did have strong inflows while they are less than you know they drove off a little, but we have strong inflows. And so, it's tracked to going to our expectations considering the change in the market and the average.
Kenneth Lee: And then just a little bit of a follow-up on what you mentioned in the prepared remarks on expansion to Germany, Italy, France. Wondering what potential time frames you're thinking about and potential milestones before we see some contribution from that expansion?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so, we have already laid the groundwork and really what we were needed to complete really as you would imagine because of Brexit and because of the way clients could be affected, we had to wait till we set-up our full align of C-cap funds and convert our clients in Europe from where they were situated in our OEIC funds in the UK over to our Lux domiciled funds. And that transition, we did the bulk of it in the fourth quarter. So, it actually showered sales of that because we couldn’t do it as we are transferring client assets, et cetera. And it was completed actually last weekend, which we feel very good about that will situate us well in a sense that would not cause any harmful effects to our European clients as the Brexit transaction or whatever occurs there in agreement in the future. So, now, we'll be able to start to ramp up our activities to drive some more sales activities and add our resources there to grow activities more in those countries.
Operator: Our following question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Couple of questions. So, first just on client cash balances, so obviously, a really nice ramp in the quarter not surprising given the volatility. Can you give us an update on where cash balances stand today? We've seen from others obviously talk about some of that going back into the markets, so just curious where you guys shake out there? And then, Walter, just want to make sure I understand, the -- In Q4, it looks like you guys retained about 80% of the higher rates. Is the implication for Q1 that the number will be little lower as you kind of play it a little catch up? Or you still expect to retain roughly 80% of the December hike?
Walter Berman: As it relates to the hike, as I indicated, we are adjusting to our rates and we feel we're evaluating now. So, we don’t feel we have to go to catch up. We'll continue to evaluate as the changing environment is, but it looks like right now, there is not a tremendous peer pressure on adjusting rates and were competitive within competitive ranges.
Jim Cracchiolo: And regarding the current cash balances, I don’t have the latest numbers here, I would probably say that they've probably come down a bit, but they are still maintaining but on higher than they were prior to the fourth quarter. So, I think that will gradually seatback in as you saw. We still had good inflows in the fourth quarter into our wrap business, but some of that did maintain in cash. So as the client rebalanced, I think you'll see to your point as money go back in. It might actually go a little into equities, but also some fixed income now that they feel the rates are more stabilized.
Alex Blostein: And then just in terms of the growth in the AWM segment, so obviously, you guys talk about the growth in the fee base business, the wrap accounts. Anyway to help us think about that, the net new asset growth in the franchise as a whole? And granted, if we can sort of back into it based on the market performance of client assets that you disclosed, but anyway you can kind of help frame where is the total organic growth that's from a net new asset perspective for the segment as a whole and, where you see that going over the next year or two given your strong comments around the pipeline from the recruiting perspective?
Walter Berman: It's typical for us, it's -- but we do see continues growth in our client assets as we look at the productivity, the new programs were running, and the ability to actually drive those activities with our advisor base and certainly bring in a new advice, but mostly because of the way we are driving our productivity, and again, it's going to be dependent and it has some influence on behavior points based on markets, right but we are seeing good strong client growth.
Alex Blostein: So net new assets, I just put the firm as a whole are still positive not just throughout the count?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, they were positive and nicely in the fourth quarter and throughout the '18, and we still are looking for them to continue in a positive trend as we are in '19 and that's where we're really focused our advisor retention on growing their net flows, but more importantly, engaging their client so that they can deepen those relationships with them.
Alex Blostein: Last one for me if I can just sneak in one more in. We've seen in the Company appears both public and private talk about taking on research payment on to the P&L entirely, not just for mid two clients, but doing it globally. What you guys stand I guess on that front? And do you expect that to impact sort of your G&A outlook for 2019? And I guess that would hit the asset management segment.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so we -- as you are aware and you mentioned, we did take that up fully in '18 because we do have a large UK European operation relative to our size in the asset management business, and that was absorbed. Having said that that did increase the expenses there that we had to figure out how to offset, and luckily based on what we were doing in our global transformation and technology and integration. We were able to really offset that rather than and it's the same bringing that further to the bottom line because of it. Having said that in the U.S. we are monitoring that, looking at that closely, I know one competitor came out and said they are looking to possibly do that. But again, this is a very large industry here. And when that occurs, it does fundamentally change what research -- the cost of research, how research is charged, et cetera, as it has occurred in Europe. So, I think it's more than just a player saying it. There is a number of other things across our industry that has to occur for that to be something I think gets moved forward.
Operator: Our following question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: First question, Walter, you talked about maintaining flexibility in general and admin, and of course advice and wealth it was only up about 2%, asset management was down 6%. I guess what I'd like to get the sense of it is -- I mean can you consistently have these general and the admin expenses lag operating revenues? I mean, can you consistently do that that maybe that would be a good?
Walter Berman: Okay, so let me try to just answer it if that works. Within our -- since we've gone public, we have a focus program on reengineering. We are constantly evaluating and improving our processes and certainly getting payback for our expenses, and gearing that towards the asset business grows this is embedded into the way we operate, Andrew. So from that standpoint, yes, I do believe looking at all of the elements of investing in the business the business is usual, the streamlining of those fences, we have a effective track record of us working as with the businesses to drive that effectively and leverage our overall activity. So I feel comfortable that we -- that will continue.
Andrew Kligerman: And then just a few quick data points. One on the sweeps, can you -- where do you that going from 195 basis points up from 173 basis points in the sequential quarter? Two, Jim, you mentioned that some of your one year numbers got hit pretty hard. I noticed in international equity and taxable fixed income in particular, how have they done in the past months? And then lastly your reinsurance costs in Auto and Home, are they up materially since the reinsurers paid out to $50 million?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, in regard to investment performance, as I mentioned, as we looked at the various equity markets, when you have some major dislocation, yes, we get hit with it and it does cause a material blip so to speak in those numbers for the period of the year. As I said, we think that will work through as we go through the next number of quarters January looks good already. The three year numbers we think will bounce back because the first quarter '16 happen the same way based on the volatility, that quarter will bounce off even though the new quarter came on, and so our numbers should bounce back in that regard. European was a little more in the sense of also we got hit based on the dislocations that you saw in October timeframe and some of the adjustments and that we think will also work through because we feel good about the investments we have there and you know, I think that is something that again. I know the investment teams are very much focused on we feel pretty good about how each of those portfolios are constructed and the quality including fixed income the quality of the credits, etcetera. So that something that they're going to be focused on making sure that, that gets back to the improvements and then maintaining the levels that they need.
Walter Berman: Okay, Andrew, as it relates to the spread. I assume you're referring to the rate that we've already got and then have seeing that's going to evolve sequentially, okay.
Andrew Kligerman: Yes.
Walter Berman: As I indicated, it's a process that we evaluate. Certainly, the competitiveness of our pricing versus peers and we have not seen basically changes taking place, but we are certainly prepared and but right now we just got engage with -- where it goes and meet -- and certainly be a competitive. On the reinsurance for us, I guess from our standpoint, we were quite effective as you saw in the quarter. Growth 62 million 12 net, and we will be continuing those programs into 2019. And again, we are constantly improving our product and certainly maintaining our insurance effectiveness.
Andrew Kligerman: But has the cost gone up sharply in the reinsurance because of the payout?
Walter Berman: It’s a combination I think of course it have gone-up somewhat enable to adjusted terms but we still feel an effective mitigation.
Andrew Kligerman: So maybe a double-digit ups or not?
Walter Berman: No, I don’t have the exact. I know it's not double-digit it was good negotiations, and I think we feel there's been a change, but it is still a very effective program.
Operator: Our following question comes from John Barnett from Sandler O'Neil.
John Barnett: The combined ratio meaningfully improved for full year in protection. Are you considering actions that could unlock value and free up capital committed that business. And then my second question, how much rate are you currently taking and pushing across the different products in protection after several years of cat losses?
Walter Berman: Okay. So you're talking on from the standpoint on the rate I guess.
John Barnett: Yes for Auto and then Home.
Walter Berman: On Auto and Home, we have had as Jim has said, we started from several years ago to take a very effective underwriting and evaluation of our pricing, and certainly using big data to drive that to a more effectiveness to certainly from the clients standpoint and our standpoint. So, we feel quite comfortable with the programs that we are taking and making changes to the product suite that we feel is appropriate and to give us the sort of paybacks that will appropriate. The second question I am sorry. Was there another question?
John Barnett: Yes, there was. It's meaningfully improved. Are you considering actions that would unlock value for that business and free up capital to be reallocated to something else?
Walter Berman: I think right now we are committed it gets certainly we have the right capital ratio so we are certainly committed to the product. And certainly, when the time is appropriate, as we're indicating, we're getting improvements. We will evaluate reducing capital appropriately and staying within the record of the agency and regulatory framework.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, you were watching the reviews, as I said that will complete as we go through the first quarter.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Nadel from UBS.
John Nadel: I have a couple. Just wanted to follow up on a discussion earlier in the Q&A about the margin potential for Advice & wealth management, the opportunity for further expansion overtime. If we just made a baseline assumption that equity markets were reasonable, and we layered in the benefit of the banking operations over the next two years. Isn’t it, I mean, isn’t it very likely and very reasonable that we should expect the margin to continue to improve from current levels? Or are there investments Jim that you think you need to make over the next couple years to find the fresh to spread margin expansion?
Jim Cracchiolo: No. Consistent with your way you phrase the first question the answer would be, yes. We think they would.
John Nadel: You think margins expand.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes.
John Nadel: Secondly, I just wanted to get into a -- maybe I'll be a little bit more direct on the question around Auto and Home. That setting aside the catastrophe losses and obviously the reinsurance program was very effective. But underlying, I agree with John's comments earlier underlying margins are improving very nicely. Jim, you've made it pretty clear that this business is not necessarily a core business on a go forward at least that's might take. Are we at the point yet where you can take action?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, as I said we're going to our strategic review here and we will be complete of that as we go through the first quarter. So, why don’t we just stay tune, okay?
John Nadel: And then lastly this is maybe a little bit more direct question Jim. Are you satisfied with the leadership and the quality of that management of the asset management business at this point? I man I recognized that the entire industry is pressured, but the industry is essentially come back to Columbia Threadneedle in terms of overall performance, it hasn't been the other way around. Are you confident in the team you've got in place to be able to manage against this more difficult environment?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so, we -- over the last number of periods, we've actually added some really good talent to the global asset management group. Were making some really good changes both from how we look at the marketplace, how do we attack it from a distribution perspective, the areas of opportunity that we should focus our energy and resources. We've made a lot of changes and investments appropriate in the technology. We had to deal similar to others in the industry with a lot of particular regulatory changes, particularly across Europe and the UK that we've been managing very well. So again, it's not that we can't continue to improve. I agree a 100%, but we are working diligent against it. And I will continue to look at what are the right resources and talent necessary for us to do that. We will and have extracted very good shareholder return from this business. I know the flow picture doesn't look that great, but we have transformed from where we were proprietary sharp to a global provider and generate a very strong shareholder returns over the years in doing so. I do believe the industry has gotten extra hit and we are part of that as you've seen, but I do believe we have enough capability and ability to transform. The other thing that we have going for us very clearly is our expertise and how we reengineer and integrate pretty well. So, I think that's going to be of a great benefit going forward. As you see, people we are starting to feel the pain a bit more. So, we are very focused and I appreciate your question and I continue to look to ensure that we can continue to generate value here.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.
Analysts: Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC Erik James Bass - Autonomous Research US LP Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2018 Earnings Call. My name is Paulette, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. You may begin.
Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's third quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on slide 2, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insights into the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our third quarter 2018 earnings release, our 2017 Annual Report to shareholders and our 2017 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. Turning to slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the third quarter. Below that, you see our operating results, followed by operating results excluding unlocking, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. In the third quarter, we completed our annual unlocking. The comments that management makes on the call today will focus on operating financial results, excluding unlocking. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Hello and thank you for joining our earnings call. This morning, we'll discuss our strong results, give you an update on the business and our areas of focus today and going forward. Reflecting on the quarter, the macroeconomic and market picture has been positive for our clients and Ameriprise. The U.S. economy is strong, and that was punctuated by the Fed's decision to raise short-term interest rates again. However, Europe is showing signs of slower growth. Global trade issues and political uncertainty remain, including in the UK, especially as the deadline for Brexit nears. Recently, global equity markets have been more volatile. We're navigating that volatility and are very much focused on our clients. At the same time, consumer sentiment is strong. U.S. household wealth has reached a new high of over $100 trillion, which represents a significant long-term growth opportunity for Ameriprise. Turning to the company, over the years, we've built a strong business. We're well-positioned based on our broad advice capability and our integrated model allows us to leverage resources and generates consistent results through market cycles. Ameriprise delivered another strong quarter. On an adjusted operating basis, excluding unlocking, revenue increased nicely, up 5%. We continue to generate excellent EPS growth, the third consecutive quarter of 20% growth or better, building on last year's strong results. And our return on equity was also very strong, now at 32%. I am pleased with the quarter and our long-standing track record for delivering results of this caliber. In addition, our assets under management and administration are now over $900 billion. As you know, our business generates significant free cash flow and we're disciplined in our capital allocation. We continue to shift our earnings mix to less capital-intensive business lines, with more than 70% of pre-tax adjusted operating earnings coming from our Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses in the quarter. At various investment forums over the years, some of you have asked us when we would grow our less capital-intensive business lines to get to 50% or even 60%. Today, we're over 70% and we have the ability to continue to invest for growth and return to shareholders at a meaningful level. Let's move to some business highlights. Very clearly, we know the mass affluent and affluent want to work in a personal, advice-based relationship with a trusted advisor. And these investors need either more advice as their assets grow, their lives become more complex and markets experience volatility. At Ameriprise, we're positioned very well to serve this growing need. We're focused on serving more investors in our target market, those with $500,000 to $5 million, and we're seeing good organic growth at the $1 million-plus level. With good client growth and positive markets, Ameriprise client assets increased 9% to $588 billion. Our investment advisory platform is one of the largest in the industry. Net inflows into fee-based investment advisory accounts were $5.7 billion in the quarter, the fifth consecutive quarter of flows over $5 billion. And year-to-date, wrap flows are 14% higher than 2017, which was an exceptionally strong year. Variable annuity sales picked up a bit, with growth of 3% in the quarter. And for our Life and Health insurance offerings, cash sales increased 5%. We only offer these products in our network to Ameriprise clients as part of a comprehensive solution set. As we discussed, we focus on targeted growth within the Ameriprise client base. These solutions provide important benefits for clients while providing risk-adjusted returns for Ameriprise. Our client cash balances also remain high at more than $24 billion, and we're earning competitive returns and spread as the Fed continues to raise short-term rates. The result of these strong client flows and increased activity is continued good growth in advisor productivity, which increased 11% to $613,000 on a trailing 12-month basis, excluding the net 12b-1 change. This builds on many years of strong advisor productivity gains. Ameriprise advisors consistently grow productivity at a faster rate than many industry peers. In addition, the level of service and leadership support we provide is reflected in our strong advisor relationships and retention rates. Regarding advisor recruiting, we're attracting productive advisors with larger practices who serve the affluent market. In fact, third quarter was quite strong with another 87 advisors joining and their productivity was nearly 20% higher than those recruited a year ago. And for the rest of the year, the pipeline looks good. The strength of our client experience and the external recognition we receive is an important differentiator. I'm extremely pleased to share that consumers rated Ameriprise number one in the investment industry for trust, customer service, consumer forgiveness and for loyalty, according to the most Temkin Ratings. Across the firm, we're further investing in our value proposition and putting significant resources towards our client experience to further build on our client engagement, advisor productivity and practice efficiency. This includes enhancing our digital and financial planning capabilities, as well as upgrading to an advanced CRM system so our advisors can work in an even more integrated way with their clients. These capabilities are in development and testing. And we will be introducing them with training and support to advisors beginning and throughout next year. We're also pursuing converting our National Trust Bank to a Federal Savings Bank and targeting a launch in 2019, subject to regulatory approval. In addition, we continue to invest in the Ameriprise brand. As you may have seen, we're back on the air with new advertising and we remain at record levels of awareness. I'm energized about our opportunity, and so are our advisors. Over the last few months, I've spent time with our top advisors across the country. We've had excellent conversations about the Ameriprise value proposition and their opportunity to grow. They feel very good about the firm, the support we provide, and how we're further enhancing our client advisor experience to deliver value and drive growth. What does this translate into? Another great quarter for our Wealth Management business. We grew assets, increased client activity, delivered double-digit revenue, earnings and productivity growth and are managing expenses well. As part of Ameriprise, Columbia Threadneedle is focused on delivering relevant, quality products and solutions underscored by good service to retail and institutional clients while generating competitive returns. The industry is under pressure. And like other active managers, our flows have been affected. And we've been taking steps to address it. We have broad set of capabilities and product offerings with good performance and global distribution. Importantly, the business benefits from the resources and scale of Ameriprise. We continue to execute a strategic shift in our asset mix with declines in lower fee former parent assets under management and increased higher fee third-party assets under management. This change has helped us mitigate industry-wide fee pressures while maintaining assets under management levels and consistently delivering good profitability. Looking at the business, investment performance globally remains good overall across equities, fixed income, and asset allocation strategies. For one, three and five-year periods, more than 60% of our funds are beating Lipper peers and related benchmarks. And where we have pockets of underperformance for the current one year, we're working to address it. We have a growth with a quality bias and with the recent market pullback, we're seeing some improvement in our short-term numbers. In distribution, we have a good base of clients and are working to gain traction in areas we see opportunity while at the same time manage industry challenges. In U.S. retail, we continue to be in net outflows. However, our focus is on strengthening our presence at top wealth management firms and getting our products and models on these platforms and earning more business from advisors who sell our funds. In the quarter, net outflows were higher and that included more than $1 billion year-over-year negative swing in model flows. In the UK and Europe retail, we're in net inflows of about $300 million, but flows have been softer. We're reinforcing our strong position in the UK and investing and expanding key European markets, including Italy, Germany and Spain. Brexit remains a top priority. During this period of uncertainty, we've been supporting our clients as we begin to transition certain portfolios, while we continue to extend our CKF (00:12:00) fund range in Europe. In institutional, we had elevated outflows as clients continue to derisk, rebalance and seek liquidity in this environment. We're working hard to convert opportunities in our pipeline, but the funding pace remains slow. We also had $1.1 billion of redemptions in our CLO business, given our leadership transition in our bank loan office. Our outflows have been higher than we like, reflecting the rise of passive and pressure on sales as we compete for share in a very competitive marketplace. Our reengineering discipline allows us to free up expenses to reallocate for growth, improve service, as well as for regulatory and compliance costs. An example of that is the enhancements we're making to move to a global operating platform. We completed the first main part of the work and reallocated expense saves to help offset higher regulatory expenses, including absorbing higher research costs. We're also investing in spending time advancing big data initiatives, both in our investment department and improvements to data-driven distribution. In addition, we're broadening our product lines and adding to new structures to provide a greater access to our capabilities. This includes recent product launches that broaden our SMA capabilities in the tax-efficient space and in strategic beta. In Asset Management, we have good scale and distribution, broad investment capabilities, and the ability to adjust the business and leverage our integrated model while continuing to generate a good return. As I reflect on the quarter and the year so far, I feel very good about Ameriprise, the client experience we deliver, and how we're situated. We're generating strong results, see meaningful opportunity ahead, and are investing for growth as we continue to shift our business. We're executing consistently through market cycles. I also feel very good about how we manage risk at the company. Our approach has served us very well for many years. As you'll hear from Walter, we're comfortable with how we manage our longer tail liabilities while maintaining the flexibility we need to capture market opportunities. Ameriprise is in a great position for future growth and to deliver an attractive return to shareholders. Now, Walter will cover the numbers. And I'll be back to take your questions.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered another excellent quarter, consistent with our longer-term performance. This is led by Advice & Wealth Management, which delivered 19% earnings growth and continued strong metric trends. Our other businesses are generating good, stable earnings. Asset Management is delivering good profitability as we navigate an environment and regulatory change agenda. Protection and Annuities are generating very good risk-adjusted returns that are in line with our expectations. In the quarter, we completed our unlocking and LTC experience review, which resulted in a marginal charge, well within historical ranges. As I previously indicated, Long Term Care will not impact our ability to deploy capital for business investments and return to shareholders. Turning to page 6, Ameriprise delivered strong results in the quarter. We're continuing to make significant progress in delivering our long-term shareholder objectives, as demonstrated by strong 5% growth in revenue, 20% growth in EPS, and a 32% return on equity. Let me take you through the details, beginning on slide 7. Overall, Ameriprise delivered strong revenue growth, up 5% in the quarter, largely driven by Advice & Wealth Management. Asset Management, Annuities and Protection had fairly stable revenue that was in line with expectations. Expenses continued to be well-managed across the firm, with G&A up only 1%. I will go into detail on expenses in each segment on the subsequent pages. In total, adjusted operating EPS was $4.05, excluding unlocking, fueled by Advice & Wealth Management, which now makes up 46% of our pre-tax adjusted operating earnings. Year-to-date, we returned over 90% of earnings to shareholders, a continuation of our track record of differentiated return. In the quarter, we returned $484 million to shareholders through buyback and dividends. Lastly, we have maintained $1.4 billion of excess capital while achieving a 32% return on equity, up 150 basis points. Let's turn to slide 8. As I indicated, Advice & Wealth Management represents 46% of pre-tax adjusted operating earnings, demonstrating a significant upward trend from 41% last year. We have diversified sources of free cash flow from our businesses, with Advice & Wealth Management driving much of our growth, complemented by Asset Management, Annuities and Protection. Our fee-based businesses of Wealth Management and Asset Management now make up nearly three-quarters of our earnings. Let's turn to AWM on slide 9. Advice & Wealth Management is delivering consistent, strong financial performance that is underpinned by business fundamentals that have continually demonstrated an ability to drive sustained organic profitable growth. Overall, AWM had substantial 19% earnings growth to $355 million. Revenues grew 11%, driven by $5.7 billion of wrap net inflows and higher transactional activity levels, as well as equity markets and the benefit of higher short-term rates on cash sweep balances. The third quarter had lower transactional levels than the first half of the year, which is typical in our industry, associated with the summer slowdown. As we move into the fourth quarter, we expect transactional activity to return to a more normal level. Expenses increased in line with revenues and included higher distribution-related expenses. G&A increased 7%, driven by higher volume-related expenses as well as elevated growth investments. We are diligently managing G&A while investing to improve the client experience and ease of doing business. We are making investments where we will see the best payback. And margins continued at a record high 22.7%. We have seen strong growth trends in Advice & Wealth Management, both in the quarter and over the last several years. You can see some of these trends on slide 10. Total client assets increased 9% to $588 billion in the quarter, driven by growth in wrap assets of 16%, reflecting client demand for fee-based products. Over the past three years, our client assets are up 11% and wrap flows grew 21% on a compounded annual basis. Brokerage cash balances remain substantial at $24.2 billion, down slightly from last quarter as clients are putting money to work. We are benefiting from short rates getting back to more normal historical levels, and we saw the spread increase to 1.73% in the quarter. While we have retained a high percentage of the rise in short rates to-date, we are closely monitoring crediting rates to remain competitive with peers. Finally, organic advisor productivity also continues to steadily improve, reaching nearly $613,000 on a trailing 12-month basis for the quarter. This level has grown steadily over the longer term, with a combined annual growth rate of 8% over the past three years. This is well above the productivity growth experienced by many of our wealth management peers. Let's turn Asset Management on page 11, where financial performance remains solid and profit margins high as the business and the industry face some secular headwinds. Earnings were $197 million. The year-ago quarter included a one-time $10 million gain on CLO unwinds. Excluding that prior-year item, earnings were up slightly. Adjusting for the CLO unwind, revenues were in line with a year ago. The fee rate in the quarter was 54 basis points, slightly above our expectations in the 52 to 53 basis point range. Expenses continued to be prudently managed by generating operating efficiencies and reengineering, which is funding growth investments and higher regulatory costs in Europe to address MiFID II, GDPR and Brexit. We are continuing to make investments in the business to build our brand, expand our product offering and enhance our distribution capability in Europe. We delivered a 40% margin in the quarter. We continue to expect the margin to be consistently in the 35% to 39% range in the near term. Let's turn to Annuities on slide 12. Annuities are a core enablement capability for our Wealth Management business and part of our important set of solutions tailored to meet our clients' needs. This business continues to generate good risk-adjusted returns for the company. In the quarter, variable annuities earnings were $131 million, which was essentially flat to last year. Equity market appreciation increased account values year-over-year, but was largely offset by net outflows. Variable annuities continue to be in outflows, though at a slower pace than last year. Variable annuity sales continue to be solid, up 13% year-to-date, which is above the industry. And nearly 30% of our VA sales are in our product without living benefit riders. Fixed annuities pre-tax adjusted operating earnings declined to $12 million as lapses in interest rates continue to impact results, as expected. Turning to Protection on slide 13, Life and Health pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were $65 million and included a one-time expense associated with a modification of cost within a reinsurance contract. Claims were in line with expectations, though claims were somewhat favorable to the prior year. Life insurance sales have been good, with 5% sales growth and acceleration from earlier this year. In the Auto and Home business, pre-tax adjusted operating earnings were $17.9 million, excluding net cat losses. Earnings were down $3.4 million from last year, primarily due to the wind-down of the previously announced affinity partnership termination and delay in reducing expenses associated with this contract. We continue to reduce home exposures in severe convective storm states from the termination of our affinity partnership I just mentioned, along with other actions. This has resulted in homeowner policies in-force declining 18% year-over-year. We expect this to improve our risk profile going forward. Turning to slide 14. A cornerstone of our success as a company is predicated on a proactive, integrated risk management process, which results in sustained strong balance sheet fundamentals. We have a rigorous process to identify, quantify and mitigate risk that we use to make business decisions. Over the years and across all business lines, we have been successful and avoided surprises. There are a number of underlying metrics that demonstrate our successful ERM program including ALM, where we are short duration and positioned for rising rates, as well as credit quality and hedge effectiveness. These underlying examples support our strong balance sheet. In the third quarter, we completed our experience update as part of our comprehensive and consistent unlocking process. Overall, the impact from market assumption was marginal and behavioral characteristics were within ranges. Unlocking was consistent with our expectations, with a $58 million total charge, with $52 million coming from Long Term Care. The majority of the Long Term Care charge related to updating morbidity experience, which was offset by actual and expected premium rate increases. Let me remind you, our reserves do not incorporate any future improvement in morbidity or mortality and we have a conservative approach to the level of rate increases assumed. Let's turn to slide 15. Our LTC experience is some of the most extensive in the industry as we sell policies from 1989 to 2002. Each year, we do a granular analysis of our experience and update assumptions accordingly. Let me provide a bit more detail into the drivers of the level of credible experience that support our active life reserves. Each year, we update our experience tables to incorporate an additional year of information. We have 29,000 policies that are closed with claim activity, as well as 8,000 currently active claims. We apply this claim experience to our in-force policies at a very granular level broken down by issue year, attained age and benefit features. Another critical fact point is the 75% of claims experience provides statistically-valid information that is used in estimating our reserve assumptions. Policies with lifetime benefits have higher claim duration, and this is incorporated into our reserves. In the appendix, we provide additional insights into these areas. Lastly, we have been pursuing rate increases since 2005 and have achieved substantial or appropriate increases. As we incorporate future rate increases into our assumptions, we are conservative. In addition, based on recent industry trends, we believe there is an opportunity for additional premium increases as well as benefit changes, both of which are not incorporated into our current reserve methodology. Turning to page 16, we laid out the core assumptions for the LTC block and associated sensitivities. I want to focus on three key takeaways. First, our best estimate reserve assumptions are conservative and consistent with our actual experience based on our granular approach. To reiterate, we do not assume improvements in morbidity and mortality. For lapse and asset yields, assumptions are based on our actual experience. And for expected future rate increases, we consistently assume a lower level than what we've historically received. Second, looking at sensitivities, the impact is minimal on a relative basis. As you would expect, the larger sensitivity is to morbidity, which is $127 million, significantly less than what others in the industry have disclosed. But this sensitivity is overstated because it applies across the whole book, rather than to the subset that does not have credible claims experience. If we apply the sensitivity just to that portion, the impact would be reduced from $127 million to $57 million. Third, these scenarios do not reflect any potential benefit to reserves from additional premium increases and benefit reductions that are in line with industry trends. Now, let's turn to free cash flow generation and capital return on slide 17. Ameriprise cash flow generation, balance sheet quality, and capital return capability continue to be very strong. Ameriprise's excess capital is $1.4 billion and our estimated RBC ratio is 515%. In the quarter, we returned $484 million of capital to shareholders, bringing our year-to-date total to more than $1.5 billion. This is over 90% of our adjusted operating earnings. This demonstrates our ongoing commitment to capital return, as well as confidence in our risk analytics and future cash flow capacity. In closing, Ameriprise delivered another strong quarter of financial results and organic growth that is exceeding expectations, with strong client flows and productivity gains in Advice & Wealth Management. We are meeting and exceeding client needs, as evidenced by our profitable growth and the recognition we receive. We are continuing to invest for future growth. Our ERM decisioning process demonstrates that we effectively manage risk and avoid surprises. Our Long Term Care results in the quarter are no exception to that. As we've indicated, Long Term Care will not impede our ability to invest for business growth and return capital to shareholders. Finally, our business model generates significant free cash flow that will sustain our differentiated capital return. And with that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys. So maybe just to start with Advice & Wealth, so revenue growth, 1%, quarter-over-quarter, despite the fact that we got obviously benefit of higher rates and your asset growth and core metric continued pretty good. I'm assuming it's all kind of slower activity rates, but any incremental color what kind of slowed the implied fee rates in the quarter. And I guess more importantly, as you guys look into October, any sort of notable changes given the moves in the market in terms of client allocation or any noticeable moves back into cash or anything like that would be helpful.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Alex, so the third quarter was actually quite strong on a seasonal basis. As you would imagine, the summer months are always a little slower compared to the second quarter, and therefore, even the fourth quarter. I would actually even add a little more color to that because it was a very strong quarter, is in our third quarter, we have our National Conference, which takes our top 15% of advisors away for a week and some extend mainly for two weeks. And we also have our Chairman's Advisory Council, which is our very top advisors, and they were away for a week to two weeks as well in that quarter in addition to the National Conference. So that's a compounding which is our most productive advisors also out in the summertime for special events. So we think it was an exceptionally strong quarter. And I think if you look against the industry, you'll find that the stats are quite strong.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And October, kind of how things are trending so far.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: And October, you know, listen, there's an experienced level of volatility. Our advisors are really engaged with their clients and they're sticking to their allocation methodologies, so we do not see a shift at this point. I mean, it's early in the quarter, et cetera, but it's part of the engagements that we have with the advisors, with their clients, and we give them a lot of support to work with their clients more thinking about it over a longer term.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And just my second question around Asset Management, so obviously the industry continues to be under a lot of pressure and, frankly, the market volatility's only adding fuel to the fire here. So we've seen some deals in the space. You signed off Oppenheimer. You guys have been in the past thinking about potentially pursuing acquisitions in the space. So given the fact that scale is becoming more critical and you guys have your own flow problems, but thinking about opportunities to consolidate in the industry, given the excess capital position and just kind of updated thoughts around M&A in the space.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So we continue to do a lot to improve the way we operate at Columbia Threadneedle with the capabilities we're installing, the front, middle and back office globally to give us efficiency. We do believe as we continue this journey, we'll be able to add more assets to our platforms in a more efficient and effective way. And we do look at opportunities that do arise, but we are very practical and appropriate in understanding where we can extract some really good shareholder value as well as add strategically to the business. So we'll evaluate those things as they come along. We have the means, capability, but more importantly, we want to ensure that we can really execute something, whatever we do, appropriately and leverage it appropriately, and so we will keep our eyes out for opportunities that may make sense for us that we can extract an appropriate return and add value to the business longer term.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks and good morning. So with Long Term Care, we've seen one of your peers enter into a transaction to reduce their exposure. Given your block is seasoned with very credible experience, is a sale of your block also a possibility? And second, you provided all the gap sensitivities to the various factors, which is very helpful, just wanted to check whether the statutory impact would be roughly similar. Thanks.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So as relates to looking at alternatives, certainly we will evaluate it from that standpoint. And our statutory reserves are higher, but the impact will be pretty much the same. But the stat is a little higher than the gap.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. In terms of kind of the fees in A&WM, you've talked about for transactional fees, there's some seasonality in the third quarter. But how should we think about the financial planning fees? In your disclosure, there seems to be some volatility throughout the years. Just wondering if there's some kind of seasonality there that we should be thinking about going into the fourth quarter.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No, you know, on actual financial planning fees, I mean, it's really depends on how the advisor on a rotating basis they do their annual fees and renewals with their clients, so it does vary based upon the time of year that they've actually executed those. So I have not looked at that. We can look at it, but I don't see there is any material changes that we would expect from year-to-year.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And then in terms of the productivity, I do believe kind of being able to do more financial planning is one of the drivers to get to a stronger productivity number. But I was just wondering is there any kind of metric that you can share in terms of kind of the penetration of financial planning activities in your customer base?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so we are very much, to your point, it's an excellent question. We are investing even more today so that we can ensure that we can deliver a consistent level of advice to even all of our clients as we go forward. What an advisor does today is they'll do an annual plan at some time in that relationship, and so roughly 40-plus percent of our clients have a full comprehensive plan, and then there are a lesser percentage of that that do that on an ongoing annual basis. So what we're looking to do is increase the number of clients and the consistency of that financial planning methodology being applied, and we think that's a great opportunity. So we're investing a bit more in our capabilities to digitally enable all that advice with online goal tracking and ensuring that, in an interactive way, our clients can deliver that seamlessly to more of their clients, because it does take a bit more work and engagement. And so this is one of the things I'm really excited about as we move into 2019 and I think it could be a big opportunity for us.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: So just to kind of put some context into that opportunity, like if we were to think back kind of a couple of years ago, like where would that number be in terms of clients with comprehensive financial planning?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so our annual increase in the planning activities is more in probably the high single digits a year increase. So we're looking to see if we can get that even upstated a bit more. But it's consistent with our overall productivity. We do have a good penetration compared to anyone in the industry in that regard, but it's one that I think is still an opportunity for us based on our value proposition.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Morning. Just a few Long Term Care questions, Walter, when you think about capital allocation and you think about potential risk transfer for Long Term Care, do you think you'd be able to fund that with current excess capital or would you likely have to slow or stop the buyback?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No. I do not have to use excess because I believe we are adequately covered. And certainly, as I indicated, we feel comfortable with where we are at that position. So I have no assumption on using excess capital at all.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: No, my question is for potential risk transfer, not for the current maintaining the book. Do you think...
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So if you're referring to the CNO and doing risk transfers through that sort of method, obviously, again, different discount elements are used, but that would be one of the evaluation elements, but we certainly have the capacity if that was something we wanted to pursue. But the answer is, again, we would have to evaluate the facts and circumstances associated with any of those transactions.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: But we don't foresee even in a risk transfer that it would affect our buyback capability on any quarter basis.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No. That would be a consideration that we would certainly evaluate and we don't feel that's an implication.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Got it. That's helpful. And then in terms of the morbidity experience that you are seeing, can you give a little more color for what's going on below the surface or is it frequency? Is it claim durations? Is it severity? A little more color there would be helpful.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, that's fine. It's, again, as we talked about, this is a meticulous process that we use looking at it on a consistent basis. So it's all of the above as they move through their issue age to attained age. So it's a combination of all of it. And so this is actually progressing exactly what we thought, but it's all those components together. There's no one factor that stands out. It's a combination.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then, just on the morbidity, the fact that you're not including morbidity improvement in your reserves but you're actually seeing adverse morbidity trends, is this informing you that your baseline morbidity assumptions are too aggressive? Is that something you're going to have to revisit or you still feel comfortable with those?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I guess the short answer, we feel comfortable and this is actually the process that we follow. We don't anticipate improvement, but we evaluate the actual experience and we feel very comfortable this is the way we derived our best estimate with that knowledge.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then my final question, just given what's going on with Genworth and your reinsurance on Long Term Care with them, I understand that if Genworth does go bankrupt, you've commented that you have enhanced asset protection. But what if Genworth needs to bolster its reserves backing the Long Term Care reinsurance contract? I'm assuming that's where there would be a potential shortfall for you in the event of a Genworth bankruptcy. Am I thinking about that correctly, or is there any other offset to think about?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I guess the short answer is no, I don't think you are thinking about it correctly because we are comfortable with their reserves and we understand it. We work well with them. And so we don't think that is in a major exposure.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: I mean, Walter, my one reaction to that is the company is selling themselves and saying this is their best option, which to me they're signaling very clearly to the market that there is an overall very big reserve deficiency. So just based on what their actions, I think they're implying to the market that there is a very big deficiency there. Is your block different than the rest? I'm just a little confused on how to interpret that.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, again, you're making a lot of assumptions on that basis. I do look at certainly they are sitting on surplus. And certainly we work with them. They do all our claims handling. They do our claims administration. We certainly work with their actuary. So we feel comfortable that with the process that we have in place with them that that should not be a major issue.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. I'll go away from Long Term Care. Can you speak about your expectations for G&A growth in Advice & Wealth Management? And I think last quarter you had indicated that for the full year we should expect a range of G&A growth versus 2017 of about 4% to 6%. If I've got the numbers right, you're running maybe a touch above 7% through the first nine months. Should we be thinking about that 4% to 6% range as still a good way to think about the full year or should we think about being maybe above that range?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I think, listen, these are difficult areas, especially when you talk about splitting the difference between 1%, but we think it's totally consistent. We've had good volume growth. And a lot of those expenses are tied to that volume and certainly we are investing. So I think it is totally consistent with the outcome that we believe it will be. It may go up a little; it may go down. But we certainly feel that range is good, whether it's 6%, 7%. The deviations factors are pretty small when you get to that. But the ability to drive our margins and really drive and having good growth, that's the factor.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, Jim, I've got a bigger picture question for you. As you look out over the next couple of years, what are your strategic priorities? And I ask this, Jim, because a good part of the narrative on your company and on your stock has really been about potential structural opportunities with a few of your businesses, already earlier in the Q&A some discussion about Long Term Care, potential risk transfer. You've talked about the Auto and Home business and the improvement needed there to maybe pursue something, maybe something that can be done in combination with your Annuities business as we think about companies like Apollo and Athene that have openly talked about a willingness to do multiple product line kinds of transactions. So with the continued discount in your stock valuation, I know it's early today, but your stock is underperforming again, is there any increased sense of urgency to pursue any of these kinds of paths?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes. So, first of all, thank you for the question because I think it's a very important one as we think through it. As we have highlighted to you a number of years ago and I tried to mention that in my opening comments, what we continue to do is be very much focused on the strategic growth of our business and generate really good returns for shareholders. I mean, we have a 32% ROE, one of the highest in the industry, with all amortization, all costs included in it. Others look at EBITDA and everything else. So from our perspective, we're doing exactly what we told you we would do a number of years ago and we've executed quite well on it. Our growth has been consistent. Growth of our business is really in the forte as the Advice & Wealth Management. It's almost 50% of the total business earnings right now and continues to grow nicely. We have a nice complement with the Asset Management that we manage assets for advice, as well as the same thing with the Insurance and Annuities. We have a good complement with the insurance annuities that are solutions against our retail client base, no additional acquisition costs, per se. We've got the client relationship. And we reduced, as I promised we would do, reduced the I&A business and the balance sheet requirements tremendously over the years. It's less than 30% of our total earnings. The balance sheet is quite well risk managed and it generates a reasonably good return with cash generated. So we actually did what we said we would do, and we'll continue to do. Now, with that, to your point, we'll always evaluate strategically opportunities. We have very good discussions with our board to see what would generate longer term shareholder value, not a quarterly basis, but longer term. And we'll make those informed decisions as those opportunities kind of rise or that we think there's a structure that makes sense for us for risk transfer. So, definitely, we'll evaluate that as we continue to move forward. But, clearly, I would say I think sometimes we overlook what we're generating overall, the type of earnings. I mean, AWM, just as an example, excellent quarter. I know models are there for a certain reason, but consistently strong performance. And the business itself is generating great cash flow that we're returning to you and investing. We have the opportunities for inorganic growth. And, yes, we will look at some adjustment of risk transfer in some of the businesses you'd mentioned, if it makes sense from a shareholder perspective. And we do evaluate that. We both bring people in to evaluate and we do, do it internally. So it's exactly what we do. It's a good question and I can understand why you're asking it. And if an opportunity comes along that makes sense strategically for us longer term, we will evaluate it.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Jim, I totally appreciate the response. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik James Bass - Autonomous Research US LP: Thank you. Deposit betas have been a big (49:41-49:49). Any pressure to share more of the benefit...
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: We can't hear you. Could you...
Erik James Bass - Autonomous Research US LP: Sorry. Is that better?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes, thank you.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Much better.
Erik James Bass - Autonomous Research US LP: Thanks. I just had a question on sort of your deposit betas because that's been a big theme for banks and realizing your deposit balance was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, but just are you seeing any pressure to share more of the benefit from higher rates with clients, and do you have an estimate for how much of the benefit from additional rate hikes you expect to drop to the bottom line going forward?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: We continually evaluate that. We have extensive reviews of competitive elements, and we have not seen any particular pressure at this stage. We're still evaluating it. So we do anticipate maybe in the future, more will be shared. But – as we indicated, but right now, we are not seeing that.
Erik James Bass - Autonomous Research US LP: Okay. And then, you mentioned the plans to launch a Federal Savings Bank next year. Can you just provide an update on your thinking about the revenue opportunity there and potential bottom line impact, both near and intermediate term?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Sure. Yes. Our intentions are to certainly start the bank next year, as Jim has indicated. We've indicated when we exited the bank several years ago, at that point, we were earning around $60 million pre-tax. Our best estimates now, again, for internal sources to serve our clients in a very prudent way, that we could get up to in five years in the range of $100 million pre-tax.
Erik James Bass - Autonomous Research US LP: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I had a follow-up on asset management M&A from the earlier question. I guess in recent years, you've been primarily focused on adding pretty small bolt-on deals that give you new capabilities. Is that still your focus, or would you contemplate something that would be more financially motivated that had cost savings opportunities but was less strategic when it came to new capabilities?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: You're correct. We've been looking at more of bolt-on strategically in product areas that we're not playing in, and we will continue to do that. We think that will be appropriate for us to continue to build out rather than organically build some areas where we don't have the expertise. But no, we would entertain an appropriate larger deal. As we said, we're putting in the capabilities so that we can put more assets onto the platform more efficiently. We've been able to execute those larger deals, like Columbia, and get real good efficiencies. We've globalized now Threadneedle, so even there gives us an opportunity as we think about adding international capabilities more easily. So yes, we would entertain that. Of course, it always looks at what the seller's looking for and we want to make sure that it's appropriate for us, what the seller's requiring versus just the idea that we can do an acquisition.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Understood. And then, just on debt capacity, I mean, how do you evaluate how much debt capacity you have? Because I think if you look at your balance sheet like a life insurance company, your debt-to-capital ratio is not particularly low, but if you look at it more like a fee-based company and debt-to-EBITDA, it would look like you have a fair amount of capacity.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: We do have a fair amount of capacity. And, obviously, from that standpoint, this is reviewed with the agencies once a year. But you're correct. You can look at it both from the insurance standpoint and each agency has their own, but we do have a fair amount of debt capacity.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. This year and last year, you're doing a great job of growing earnings per share, obviously plus 20%. It's a very good growth rate. What about next year? I mean, if the asset growth slows down or flattens, what additional levers can you pull to get earnings growth or EPS growth at least in the low to mid-teens?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So I think we have a few levers, as again, if the markets slow down on a more consistent that we believe is going to go to go into a slower environment, we've been very able over the past, as we've reflected to you, to adjust our expense base appropriately, slow down investments, slow down some of the things that we just execute on an ongoing basis, like our advertising and various things such as that. So there's those levers we pull. We actually can accelerate our reengineering, which gets to some more structural and other things that we've been able to execute as well and we can ramp that up. Right now, we wanted to be a little more in the investment mode because we had spent a bit amount of time on the regulation and compliance over the last few years, so we've reenergized the machine there. But we could definitely make adjustments and still keep those investments going. So that's part of the lever. We also have a very good balance sheet right now. And we have a good excess capital that could be utilized as well if the price of the stock even goes lower on a more appropriate basis. And we could do some acquisitions as prices drop. So there's a few different levers that we would look to apply.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, finally. All right. So a couple of quick questions, brokerage sweep fees, you came in at 173 basis points this quarter versus 157 last quarter and 111 last year. Where do you think a good normalized number could settle in?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: That strictly depends on where the Fed goes, right? Again, they've talked about doing two or three more. So certainly I think the trajectory is up, but I can't tell you how high, Andrew.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, I would just say, Andrew, as we continue to see rates go up, we will be passing more onto the client. We look at that very competitively, as Walter has said, because they started so low, the increases that you usually see off of a base that usually was there, would have been greater share in. But because you're sort of recovering from what that low point is, it hasn't been shared as much. But I see as those rates continue to rise now, getting into the little higher 2% to 3% range here, that you'll start to see a greater amount to share in. So we'll pick up some, but I don't think we'll pick up to the extent that we picked up previously.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And then, in the Auto and Home area, you mentioned favorable reserve development. Could you elaborate a little bit on maybe how much potentially there is in favorable reserve development?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, listen, I can't get into the exact number. What I can say is we've looked at this and certainly looked at our prior year and looked at the redundancies there, they have built. And we're seeing actually very favorable trends across both the Auto and Home aspects of it. So we're feeling very comfortable that the rates that we have set up and certainly looking at the frequency and severity trends that are coming in. Some are longer tail. Some are shorter tail. We have built reserves. Now we have to assess when to say they are a redundancy. But we are in a very good position at this stage.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And then lastly, the consolidated tax rate, it looks like it's trending to about 16% this year. Where do you think it could go next year?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I think it's, again, as we talked about this when this first came out, that we would be between 17% and 19%, so again, it's based on that, but that range is probably a good range. And again, might tend to the lower end of it. But certainly I would say I would keep the 17% to 19% until we refine it and then we will try to give some view of it.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And what's keeping it lower right now, Walter?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: We basically had discrete adjustments which came in from that basis. As we tell you, these are a part of the way we operate the business. You get it wherever it's discussed, settlements of different things or estimates. They come in. They're part of the effective tax rate, and that's what happened. We picked up a large one in third quarter.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. 17% to 19%. Thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Starting with Long Term Care, Walter, I think to Tom's question earlier, you had said you'd be able to do a reinsurance solution without any excess capital, if I'm understanding your response correctly. So I guess what's the hold up? If it doesn't cost you any additional capital, the sensitivities here don't look that significant, so why not pursue something? I can't image there'd be a big overhang on your stock.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Let me clarify. What I'm saying is, listen, I can tell you we watched, certainly saw the CNO, and certainly discount rates there. What we're saying is obviously you're going to evaluate from the standpoint they'll evaluate the book. They'll look at the discount rates. We will assess then the improvement that you can see. So we have the capacity because, again, depends on what it takes to make the deal correct. We believe right now we are appropriate so, therefore, the issue is, at some point depending on when we make the deal, it could have some impact and we don't know. But we have the capacity. That's all I was saying. So I'm sorry. I didn't mean to – if that was the interpretation.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, Suneet, I think to just complement Walter, and clarification, it would not affect our ability to buy back. Would it use some of the excess capital? Yes, depending on what the discount is in this marketplace for this time as people are perceiving what that risk is. We feel very good about the risk we have in the book and how we're reserved for it. Doesn't mean that if you executed a deal today, there wouldn't be a discount based on other factors that are out there. You would have think about long-term interest rates, as an example. If they continue to rise, that's a benefit. If you factor in rate increases above our very conservative, that's a benefit. On the other side, do you factor in certain risk, as people say, of the unknown? So those are the things that we take into account. We also look at the sort of complement of who we're doing that with to make sure strategically it makes sense for us. So those things, it's more of at a point in time rather than the idea that over time the book has a certain level of value. But, yes, even if there was that discount factor applied, we can afford it out of some of the excess capital without an issue that it would affect our buyback, as Walter continued to say, as an example and still leave us a good level of what we would call conservative nature of our balance sheet.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, the only thing I would add, just to make clear, because obviously we understand the asset earning rates. We understand discount rates. You can't understand why. The discount rate would be applied on an acquisition or an acquiring of the book. That's why it's a variable. I'm sorry if that was a misunderstanding. Hopefully, that clarified it.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: No, it does. And I can follow-up. Just slide 22 I thought was really interesting where you show the policy count and how much it's come down. I guess over what period is that? How many years? And then, as we think about, say, over the next five years, where does that policy count number end up going? I would imagine it comes down at a faster clip, just given the age of the block, but any just sensitivity around that?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I can't give you a sensitivity, but I can till this is – clearly, that will happen and certainly I can't just give you the precision of the numbers of what's going to happen. That's obviously detailed actuarial, but it will happen. And then, the question, obviously, they factored that into, as we've said, our estimates here.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: One other thing just, and I think you're all asking very good questions. So we're not opposed to a risk transfer. We will evaluate it depending on what the opportunity and the interest that's out there in the marketplace. We're also, as we said, even for some of the other business lines you mentioned, we'll always evaluate if there's a good opportunity that strategically makes sense for the business and for Ameriprise. So there's not the idea that we would not. We just want to make sure that it's in the long-term interest and strategically it's good for our clients. It's good for everyone involved. And that's the way we would look at it. But if there's a risk transfer on this particular piece of the business, appropriate with appropriate party that would buy it, we would be open to have a good discussion.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah, last one just on the overall environment, I think there was a question on this earlier, but just to clarify. If revenues are flat in 2019, do you think you have enough leverage on the expense side to reduce expenses or are these investments that you're making of the type where it's really hard to pull back now that you've started them?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so I guess it's more of a timing. If you recollect, as we went into a previous down market or a period where things soften up, the revenue comes about a little quicker than the expense. So in a quarterly basis, you've got a lag effect, but it's more of making a decision of whether that continues and then what you adjust going forward. So I would just say over a reasonable period, we're able to adjust, but in a one quarter period or a two quarter period, you're going to have a timing lag where the revenue hits you quick because you're managing assets and your expense base, you have to make adjustments and slow down. You can't just say all the expense goes away that period. I know you know that. But I'm saying it's more of a timing issue and more of what your length of view is on that slowdown.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So, Suneet, as a reference point...
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I was asking about 2019. I get your comment about the quarter. I was actually asking more about 2019.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so the answer is, listen, our expense base is quite large. And, as you're aware, but there's a very large portion of variable in there that is for dealed different sort of growth initiatives, where different is that we have flexibility to certainly do and, as Jim said, depends on when it happens in the year. But if assuming coming into 2019 we certainly had the capacity, I'll just remind you, doesn't mean history will repeat. Right after 2008, we actually took out a substantial amount, which we demonstrated to everybody that we had that capacity, without impacting customers. We basically as relates to growth initiatives, we reengineered it and it was a reasonable amount, so we really do have capacity to do it. Cannot say it will negate everything, but we certainly have capacity.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.
Analysts: Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Suneet Kamath - Citi Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kenneth S. Lee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. My name is Sylvia and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial second quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll will happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on slide 2 you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our second quarter 2018 earnings release, our 2017 annual report to shareholders and our 2017 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On slide 3, you'll see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that, you will see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Hello, and thanks for joining us for today's earnings call. I'm pleased to share that Ameriprise had a strong second quarter. Across our diversified firm, we're executing our strategy for growth and long-term value creation. This morning, I'll discuss the strength of the company and the progress we're making, both from a business and a financial perspective. And then Walter will delve into the financials. As we reflect on the quarter, we're building on the growth and the momentum from the first part of the year, and that we've consistently delivered for many years. On an adjusted operating basis, revenue increased nicely, up 6%. We delivered significant growth in earnings, up 22%, with earnings per share also growing strongly, up 29%. And our return on equity was 31.1%, which is among the highest in the industry. In addition, our assets under management and administration were also up 7% to $891 billion. In terms of our overall business, there are some important themes to take away. First, as part of our diversified firm, Advice & Wealth Management remains the growth driver of Ameriprise. As a segment, AWM generated 50% of our second quarter pre-tax adjusted operating earnings excluding corporate. From a business perspective, we're serving clients' needs comprehensively with our advice value proposition and quality solutions. Our clients recognize the meaningful value that comes from working with Ameriprise, and importantly, we're attracting more clients and more assets. Second, Ameriprise has a strong track record of generating profitable growth and shareholder value, while responding well to a changing operating environment. And third, complementing our distribution, our Asset Management and insurance and annuity businesses provide strong solutions to serve our clients' needs. In addition, their ability to consistently generate free cash flow is excellent, which gives us further ability to invest for the future, as well as returning capital at a high level. Like others, Ameriprise is also benefiting from a better operating environment. Equity markets globally are positive. We've seen a meaningful pickup in short-term interest rates, though long-term rates are still relatively low. The U.S. economy and employment levels are also improving nicely. However, global trade and geopolitical issues remain, and we're seeing that reflected in the higher equity market volatility. And in the UK, we're closely navigating Brexit and executing our strategy to adapt accordingly. In Advice & Wealth Management, we delivered record business and financial metrics in the quarter. We continue to bring in strong client flows and are generating double digit revenue, earnings and productivity growth. We have a consistent growth plan in place. And with our focused execution and efficient use of resources, we're garnering strong results. As we shared with you, key to our strategy is to grow our retail client base and serve more mass affluent and affluent investors with advice and to deepen relationships with our clients. I'm pleased to report that we're making good progress. Advisors are focused on client acquisition. We're serving more clients in financial planning relationships. We also continue to bring in clients with over $1 million of investable assets. This is a significant opportunity for us in an area where we're expanding our services. Ameriprise client assets grew a robust 10% to $566 billion. We've built one of the largest investment advisory platforms in the industry. We continue to grow it and attract client assets. Net inflows into fee-based investment advisory accounts were up nicely at $5.3 billion, an increase of 18% from last year and the fifth consecutive quarter above $4 billion. Client assets in these fee-based accounts, as well as in other solutions, are allocated across equities, fixed income and other asset classes. And because of our broad solutions and deep client relationships, assets can shift and stay at Ameriprise according to a changing market conditions and client preferences. And cash balances are over $24 billion. And with short-term interest rates up, we're generating additional net spread revenue, up 56% versus last year. Our advisors are benefiting. Productivity growth is strong. With excellent client flows, as well as growth in assets and higher activity, advisor productivity was up 12% to $599,000 on a trailing 12 month basis. When you adjust for our 12b-1 fee change, Ameriprise advisors consistently grow productivity faster than many of our key competitors. And we continue to bring in experienced productive advisors. Another 76 joined us in the quarter. Ameriprise has a competitive attractive offering and the recruiting pipeline for the second half of the year looks good. As we continue to focus our resources for future growth, the U.S. wealth management opportunity today is larger, both in terms of households, as well as asset levels. We also know that our target market, investors with $500,000 to $5 million, want and need advice. In that regard, they're looking for a firm that will help them feel confident about their financial future. Confidence was and still is the outcome of advice in working with Ameriprise advisor. And as the long-standing leader in advice, Ameriprise is differentiated in the marketplace. Consumers need to plan and accumulate wealth for retirement and we're well positioned to serve this need and to continue to drive strong growth. We've been conducting our other client satisfaction survey. I'm pleased to report that our results are best-in-class, with client satisfaction of an impressive 4.8 out of 5. Our clients are highly satisfied because the important work our advisors do every day, as well as the total experience Ameriprise provides. This complements our external recognition where consumers rated Ameriprise at the top of the investment industry for likelihood to recommend the firm to friends and colleagues. The Ameriprise culture and the way we work with clients continues to be an important differentiator. We know that trust is the most important factor for clients, as well as our target market prospects, when they select a financial firm to work with. During the quarter, in the Temkin 2018 ratings, Ameriprise was rated number one in trust across investment firms. And consumers were also asked how likely they would be to forgive companies if those firms made a mistake. Ameriprise was also rated number one for consumer forgiveness for the second consecutive year. We're not stopping there and we continue to help our advisors satisfy client goals and grow their practices. We're further investing in our client experience, complementing it with the introduction of new digital advice tools; our new and enhanced customer relationship management capability, as well as enhanced goal tracking. We're beginning to introduce these capabilities in the coming months, and we'll be delivering focused training to support our advisor uptake through 2019 that will help us continue our journey and focus on growth. We are also continuing our investment in the Ameriprise brand and getting our great story out to the marketplace. Brand awareness has reached a record 70%. We believe that this combination of strong client focus, recognition and results, as well as the investments we're continuing to make, positions us well for further growth. As part of our asset accumulation approach, insurance and annuities are a part of our solution set and benefit both our clients, as well as generate appropriate returns for the company. They complement the other I&A manufacturers in our network and the broader range of solutions we offer clients; our I&A books are of high quality. We have good retention of assets and only sell in our network. And therefore, we generate good returns and cash flow for the company. Our results are in line with our plans. We aren't searching for growth and therefore, don't need to go out on the risk curve to compete. Given that, we're seeing a good pickup in VA sales, up 16%. With 30% of our activity in products without living benefits, a continuation of growth we experienced in the first quarter. With regard to fixed annuities, since spreads are tight, we are not replenishing our activity. And in Life and Health, account balances are up 4% and sales are steady. In Auto and Home, we continue to see improvement in our underlying results through increased rates and plan rating sophistication, product changes, underwriting advances and disciplined claims management. At the same time, we consistently earn high consumer satisfaction ratings, once again being recognized as a leader in California auto insurance, our largest state. As you saw in our preannouncement, we, along with many other insurers, were impacted by wind and hailstorms in Colorado and Texas in the quarter. We are taking steps to further reduce our catastrophic risk profile including curtailing a homeowner's partnership with Progressive and putting more emphasis on the auto line. As part of Ameriprise, our Asset Management business complements our Wealth Management strength. There are three key themes I want you to take away. First, we have a nice diversified base of assets that we manage with a good mix of equity, fixed income and alternative categories for both retail and institutional clients, distributed both domestically and internationally. And we're generating competitive profitability. Second, we're managing a strategic mix shift to more third-party assets. Third, we have a good diversified product line and distribution, and we're making the necessary changes to enhance the business further to improve longer-term flow results. Let me take you through each of these themes in more detail. In the quarter, our assets increased slightly to $482 billion. Our teams are generating consistent competitive performance for our clients. At the end of the quarter, about 70% of our funds, equities, fixed income and asset allocation were above Lipper medians or benchmarks over multiple time frames. This has resulted in 110 four and five star funds offered globally. With the shift of assets, we maintained our fee levels, while we continue to manage expenses tightly, while making appropriate investments and managing regulatory changes. Our margins are strong at 38% and profitability was up a bit compared to last year. And while near-term growth has been challenging, the percentage of lower fee former parent assets under management in largely closed blocks has gradually declined as a percentage of the total, as we have increased higher fee third-party assets under management. Our strategic relationships with former parent companies provide an important base of our assets. Consistent with our plans, former parent assets under management levels have declined by about a half since 2010, while our total assets under management has grown to $482 billion. In the quarter, while we remain in net outflows, we did experience improvement in total net outflows at $7.1 billion for the quarter, compared to $8.7 billion of outflows a year ago. Former parent outflows were $2.2 billion, compared to elevated outflows of $7.1 billion last year. Global retail, excluding former parent, was a net inflows of $2 billion in the quarter. In the U.S., we are making progress with the top-eight wealth managers. For example, our funds, where we concentrated our wholesaling efforts, had inflows of nearly $1 billion for the quarter. And in EMEA, wholesale flows have moved from outflows last quarter to slightly positive in the quarter. Activity has improved, but isn't fully back, given Brexit and the political uncertainty in Europe that has increased volatility, particularly in June. In institutional, we had $1.5 billion in outflows excluding former parent, which was mainly driven by CLOs. And with markets a bit more volatile, we experienced a slowdown in mandate fundings that we believe reflects current environment market. And the third thing, we're making the changes necessary to evolve the business. With strong product lines, we're focused on further strengthening our third-party distribution both in terms of reach and productivity. That includes a stronger focus on driving sales of our key products, with the larger broker dealers. It also includes significantly expanding our CCAP product line in our Luxembourg fund range and launching new products such as our European Dynamic Real Return strategy that we introduced in Europe to complement the UK product line. We're also expanding our distribution reach in key European markets and expanding our marketing and sales activities there. In addition, we're executing the Brexit transition, an important initiative that we're managing along with our growth initiatives. Importantly, we continue to invest to enhance our brand awareness in our key markets, as well as our website and in digital capabilities. In addition, we're enhancing our data analytics capability as part of our Ameriprise-wide initiative. It includes optimizing data to help identify and target sales opportunities and leveraging data within our investment research. From an infrastructure perspective, we completed key deliverables to enhance our front, middle, and back office systems and operations, and we're realizing savings. These savings are helping to offset research costs we had to absorb due to MiFID, as well as cost to implement changes required for Brexit and new European regulatory requirements. This focus will continue. So overall, in closing, we have a clear focus on client needs and a strong consumer value proposition. We continue to deliver excellent financial results and returns. We have a strong financial foundation, and we continue to invest significantly for growth, return capital and navigate the environment. In fact, as we invested in the business, we returned more than $400 million a quarter to shareholders for 25 consecutive quarters. From our perspective, based on our consistently strong financial and financial results, and our ability to manage risk well and the quality of our business, Ameriprise is significantly undervalued today, especially compared to our competitors. Now, Walter will cover the numbers, and I'll be back to take your questions.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered strong results in the quarter. We continue to make significant progress in delivering our long-term shareholder objectives with strong 6% growth in revenue, 29% growth in EPS and a 31% return on equity. Let me take you through the details, beginning on slide 6. Overall, Ameriprise delivered strong revenue growth, up 6% in the quarter, largely driven by Advice & Wealth Management. Asset Management, Annuities and Protection had stable revenue that was in line with expectations. Expenses continued to be well managed across the firm, with G&A up only 2%. I'll go into details on expenses in each segment on the subsequent pages. We returned $532 million to shareholders through buyback and dividends. Given the lower share price in the quarter, we opportunistically increased the amount of share repurchase to the highest level over the past six quarters. In total, adjusted operating EPS was $3.60, fueled by Advice & Wealth Management, which now makes up half of our pre-tax adjusted operating earnings. Let's turn to slide 7. As I just indicated, Advice & Wealth Management represents half of pre-tax adjusted operating earnings, demonstrating a significant trend, up from 44% last year. Advice & Wealth Management continues to drive growth at Ameriprise. And our Asset Management and insurance capabilities compliment and benefit from its strength. Combined with Asset Management, the fee-based businesses made up three quarters of our earnings for the quarter. This mix shift continues to generate significant free cash flow. Turning to slide 8, Ameriprise's cash flow generation, balance sheet quality and capital return capability remained very strong. Ameriprise's excess capital is $1.4 billion, and our estimated RBC ratio is 532%. In the quarter, we returned $532 million of capital to shareholders, which was nearly 100% of our adjusted operating earnings. This demonstrated our ongoing commitment to capital return, as well as confidence in our risk analytics and future cash flow capacity. Let's turn to AWM on slide 9. Advice & Wealth Management is delivering consistent strong financial performance that is underpinned by business fundamentals that support sustained organic growth. Revenues grew 12%, driven by wrap net inflows and higher transactional activity levels, as well as equity markets, and the benefit of higher short rates on cash suite balances. Expenses increased in line with revenues, and reflect higher distribution-related expenses. G&A increased 8%, about half of which was related to investments for future business growth, including new digital capabilities and the addition of IPI advisors. Additionally, G&A was up due to higher volume-related expenses. Given the revenue environment, and our future growth objectives, we expect G&A expenses to be up 4% to 6% for the full year. While we are investing substantially for future growth, we remain diligent in ensuring we are making the right investments that we will see the best payback, and that expenses are managed in line with revenues. Overall, AWM had substantial 20% earnings growth and margins reached a new record of 22.7%. Let's turn to the elements that will drive sustained profitable growth on slide 10. Advice & Wealth Management has a strong track record of improving business fundamentals, which support good financial performance across market cycles. Total client assets increased 10% to $566 billion, driven by growth in wrap assets of 16%, reflecting client demand for fee-based products. In the quarter, wrap net inflows were $5.3 billion, which is our fourth consecutive quarter with wrap flows of over $5 billion. Brokerage cash balances remain substantial at $24.5 billion, down slightly as clients are putting money to work. We are benefiting from short rates getting back to more normal historic levels, and we saw the spread rise to 1.57% in the quarter. While, we have retained a high percentage of the rise in short rates to date, we would expect to gradually pass along more of that to clients in the second half of the year and will closely monitor crediting rates offered by competitors. Advisor productivity also continues to steadily improve, reaching nearly $600,000 on a trailing 12 months basis. Let's turn to Asset Management on page 11. Asset Management financial performance remained very good, as we transition the business during a period of industry change. Revenues were up 1% from strong market appreciation and the acquisition of Lionstone, which was partially offset by net outflows and lower CLO performance fees than the year-ago period. In addition, the fee rate was consistent with our expectations in the 52 basis point to 53 basis point range. Expenses continue to be prudently managed. Excluding the acquisition of Lionstone, G&A was flat, even with continuing investments in the business and elevated research and regulatory cost in the UK and Europe. The investments we've made to enhance operational efficiencies are bearing fruit and helping to offset this additional expense. We delivered a 38% margin in the quarter. We continue to expect the margin to be in the 35% to 39% range in the near term. Let's turn to Annuities on slide 12. Variable annuities earnings are $117 million, down from last year, and in line with expectation in this environment. Equity market appreciation increased account values year-over-year, but earnings were down due to lower mean reversion than a year ago and net outflows. Variable annuities continue to be in outflows, though at a slower pace than last year in both internally distributed block and the closed block that was distributed by third parties. We've also seen a 16% increase in our sales of our variable annuity product. Fixed annuity pre-tax adjusted operating earnings declined to $12 million, as lapses and interest rates continue to impact results as expected. Turning to Protection on slide 13. Life and Health pre-tax adjusted operating earnings declined 7% from the pressure of continued low interest rates consistent with the industry. Total claims are in line with expectations, though there was less reinsurance coverage in the period. In the Auto and Home business, pre-tax adjusted operating results in the quarter were impacted by elevated net cat losses of $40 million concentrated in Colorado and Texas. We continue to reduce home exposures and severe convective storm states from the termination of one of our affinity partnerships along with other actions. This has resulted in homeowners' policies in force declining 12% year-over-year and 7% in the quarter. We expect this to improve our risk profile going forward as will other actions being taken. We had substantially lower gross cat losses in the first half of 2018 compared to the first half of 2017. However, we realized little benefit from reinsurance, as year-to-date cats have not yet exceeded the retention of our aggregate cat treaty. Should we experience similar cat activity during the rest of the year, we will see the benefit of our reinsurance arrangement as we did last year. Underlying Auto and Home results are benefiting from the improvements we've made over the past couple of years in product management, pricing, underwriting and claims. However, we have not yet reflected the favorable development from these changes and our reserve estimates to date. Next, I would like to spend a few minutes on our Long Term Care business beginning on slide 14. In the quarter, Long Term Care had a pre-tax adjusted operating loss of $5 million, partially driven by lower investment portfolio yields. Claims were in line with expected ranges. As I spoke with you about last quarter, we believe we have a season Long Term Care book that is appropriately reserved, and we remain very comfortable with our exposure. We began writing the business in 1989 and sold our last policy in 2002, which gives us a substantial amount of experience to inform our reserve estimates. I think about our Long Term Care business in two distinct blocks. First; our older generation policies that were written between 1989 and 1999, which is about half of our policies and 56% of our GAAP reserves. This block has been shrinking over the last few years, given the average attained age is now 80 and the average attend age of policyholders on claim is 87. We benefit from having substantial credible experience, so our actual results have deviated very little from reserves in recent years. Next, we have our second generation policies that were written from 1997 until 2002. This block has a more conservative risk profile, specifically a smaller portion of the block has lifetime benefits and there are higher premiums per policy. This block has significant credible experience, and we follow the same reserving practices. The average attained age is 75 overall, with the average age of those on claim is 84 for this block. Let's turn to slide 15. As I mentioned before, we utilized three primary levers to manage the Long Term Care business. First, we have taken an active approach to steadily increasing rates since 2005 with cumulative rate increases of 138% on our first-generation block and 63% on our second-generation block. Second, we have a rigorous reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks. I'd like to note that our statutory reserves are approximately $400 million higher than our GAAP reserves, and includes margins for key assumptions like morbidity and mortality, as well as $165 million in asset adequacy reserves that we voluntarily put up to build in additional conservatism. Lastly, we have prudently managed our investment portfolio by maintaining a liquid investment-grade portfolio that is currently in a net unrealized gain position. In the third quarter, we will add another year of experience and incorporate any deviation from our assumptions into the reserve calculation. To date, reserve adjustments have been small and manageable. I continue to believe that our Long Term Care business is adequately reserved and well managed. As such, I do not believe that Long Term Care will impact our ability to return capital to shareholders consistently. In conclusion, Ameriprise delivered another quarter of excellent financial performance and demonstrated the sustainability of our business fundamentals and growth. The outlook for AWM is outstanding. We're managing a period of transition for Asset Management and our enterprise risk management program is very effective. And we feel confident that we will continue to execute on our strategy and deliver strong results and free cash flow generation going forward. The investment thesis for Ameriprise remains intact, and is particularly attractive at the current valuation. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Adam Klauber from William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks. A couple questions on Advice & Wealth Management. Franchise advisor productivity has been very strong in the last two years, up 10% this year, and really 20% over the next two years. Could you give us some sense, what's driving it? Is it more advisors having higher assets? Is it net new wins? And/or is it clients putting more money to work?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: This is Jim. It's a combination of all of the above. So, our advisors have been focused in bringing in more clients and moving a bit more upmarket. So, the average clients they're bringing in have more assets. They're also deepening the relationship through the advice value proposition, which in fact serves the clients in a more deeper way against more of their goals and activities. And we're also supporting them so that they can become more efficient, so that their practices actually can drive more levels of activity, serving the clients well. And so, it's all of the above. And we are continuing to focus on bringing that advice value proposition to life because even our best advisors don't necessarily give the full advice equation to all of their clients. And we want to help them do that because – in a more efficient way, so that they can serve them even more fully. And so, that's why we're bringing even more tools and capabilities to bear in an integrated fashion, so that they can engage all of their clients in the same deep value proposition that they provide.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. And then as far as the number of advisors, you've had good growth. It's up almost 3%, one of the better growth rates in a number of years. Now that's driven in part by bringing in new advisors, but also deals. As we think about the next couple years, is it possible to keep that growth rate in that low single digit range?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes. What we're more focused really on is bringing in highly-productive people, and really tenuring our group. And so, helping our practices even grow more fully by adding support staff, so that they can drive more activities within their own grouping of advisor activity – teams. So, it's not just the number. I mean, we could go and bring in independents and merge other firms like others are doing. What we're really looking for is strong, quality advisors that will run a really good practice, deliver a strong value proposition, build our brand in that regard, and serve their clients well. So, we look for quality. We look for them to have a good level of productivity in serving the clients more fully, so that we get really strong satisfaction. We're a firm believer in that if we can offer a really strong value proposition, if our clients believe in us and trust us, and we can give them the confidence they need to make the right decisions, we're going have a strong franchise. So, it's less about number for us and it's more about what we can deliver that will grow the asset base and the productivity of the advisor.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. And then as far as still on Advice & Wealth Management, expenses were up in the first half, 10%. If I understand your guidance, you're talking about expense growth more in the 4%, 5% for the year. That would suggest expense growth really contracts in the second half. Is that correct?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: The answer is that the expenses will be going down – or will be lower. But the issue is we'll still be investing in the basic product, and we will be getting some efficiencies as we go through. But it is – that is – our targeted range is in that 6% range.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: And it's geared towards your revenue growth, and we feel comfortable that that is the range within reasonable deviation.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our following question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. A couple of strategic questions for you. So, I guess first, there's been increasing chatter from private equity firms to look at lifting out the combination of variable annuity, fixed annuity blocks, and then there's also some chatter around long-term care. So, any appetite from you guys pursuing something like that? And if so, what are some of the key considerations we need to be contemplating in assessing whether or not you'd be willing to do that?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It's Walter, Alex. Obviously, we've gotten more inquiries coming in. And certainly as interest rates or other situations improve, people are looking for earnings. But we have – again, the block is an excellent block, it generates excellent returns on the variable annuities side. So, it would have to be an offer that would create shareholder value. On the Long Term Care, again, as we always said, we are preparing for and certainly would entertain offers that would basically give us a reasonable share of return, considering the counterparty risk that you'd be taking, and the fact of where we're leaving the interest rate capabilities. Because again, as they go up, and you know that we've been investing conservatively on that point. So, yes, we're certainly prepared, but it has to meet certain hurdles that provide shareholder return and the right protections from a contingency standpoint.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. Alex, as we look at it, I mean, we have a very strong VA and as well as an insurance book. And it's an ongoing business that has really good clients and advisor activity against it and a very good channel in a sense of that we have a financial planning channel where the products are really sold as solutions. So, strategically, if there's an opportunity there, but it's more thought about not as a closed-book where we're looking to unload it in any fashion, as we said, it generates very good cash flow, it has very good risk management, and it's an ongoing business concern in a sense of replenishment of assets. We don't grow this externally. Someone can take our capabilities and use it if they want it in that regard. So, it's along those lines that we would consider, but not in a sense of just selling it as sort of closed wind down book. It's not that book. It's not that type of book.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Yeah, got it. Sticking with the strategic portion. So, thinking about the bank, you guys started talking about it about a year ago. On the last call, it still sounds like it's work in progress, but maybe an update there. Where you stand on launching a bank, and when and how you do it I guess also depends on where the interest rates are going be. But as you think about developing that – I think you talked about coming up with some consumer lending products on the back of it as well, what are the stages we need to be thinking about? So, would it be bank, like a cash sweep program at first and then branching on into lending products, and maybe as a follow-up to that, how do you feel about potentially getting into consumer lending product at this point of the cycle?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So, we're clearly evaluating that. We still have a bank charter. It's a trust bank charter that we would look to expand our activities. So, we're well on our work in evaluating what that would be for the latter part of this year, but it would be more of a bank serving our client needs. So, it'll be around wealth management-type of products, such as pledge activity. It would be on secured lending activities. It would be what we used to do in some home equity lines and some mortgages, and various products like that on certain loans activity. But it would be all to our client base, not looking to externally sell.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. So, is there like a go/no go by the end of the year? Or is it just kind of ongoing?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: We have already and installed base of credit cards that we'll be transferring over. And certainly as you indicated, sweep accounts will certainly come in and then we will be able to leverage on and play with the balance sheet then to provide the appropriate risk return.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our following question comes from John Nadel from UBS.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, everybody. So, I really appreciate all the incremental data and disclosure you've provided, not only this morning, but over the last couple of months on the Long Term Care block, and I was hoping I could ask a couple of questions and get a little bit more specific here. First, I think your disclosure from a couple of months ago had indicated that about 90% of claims have been closed within five years and about one-third of claims are closed within one year. I'm curious. If we think about the assumptions embedded in your reserves, are those assumptions very similar to the experience you've actually had with respect to claims that have already taken place?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay. Alex (sic) [John] (41:15). It's Walter. So, thank you for recognizing – excuse me, John. It's Walter. The answer to your question is, yes. And you're exactly on – in the one year it is about a one-third and in five years it's about 88%, closer to 90%, and those are the ones that we use. And, obviously, we're going through our unlocking now and updating our credible experience factors, but certainly the assumptions are based on our experience.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, second, you've also – you've shown us that statutory capital supporting the retained portion of your block is about $280 million. I'm curious. Can you speak to the level of statutory capital that resides within the trust that represents the portion of the block that is ceded to Genworth? And the reason I'm asking is in the unlikely event that you either decided to or at some point even had to recapture that block, I'm trying to understand what impact it might have from a capital perspective on you.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay. It's a fair question, John. The answer is, obviously, we don't call it a trust, but certainly we feel comfortable, and that's your term. So, I just have to make that point. But we certainly have the collateral Protection that we feel is appropriate, and the answer is that the Protection is in line with what we believe the liabilities are. And certainly, we work with Genworth and we certainly understand. Again, it goes to our close relationship both on them doing claims, doing administration, other aspects that we work with that we feel that theirs is similar to ours. And so, it would not have to be a substantial denigration of capital if in the – like you said, we're not talking about recapture. But if it – and that event ever occur, there should be no capital. But we have no plans to recapture. I just want to make sure everybody understands that.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Oh! Very helpful. And then, finally, if I can just ask in general, if you looked across the block and you thought about the biggest sensitivities, where they exist with respect to – if actual experience did come in different from your current assumptions, which of those assumptions might have the biggest potential sensitivity? And how much risk do you believe still exist given how credible the experience is at this point, particularly with the first-generation portion of the block?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay. Good question. With the first generation, as we've indicated, we certainly believe that that has reached a stage where the impacts will be minimal. And certainly over the last several years they have certainly stayed within very manageable ranges and quite minimal. I believe, it's probably going to be in the area of morbidity. But again, we do build in morbidity. And we've been tracking morbidity, building at about 1% a year. So, we feel comfortable with our credible experience analysis as we look at it, and especially as we go over to the second generation, we are certainly matching and feel comfortable with that. But morbidity – and again, the problem with morbidity, you just can't look at it as a single event or a single variable. You have to start getting into mortality or other (44:28) implications of that. But I would say probably, morbidity is and we – as a reference point of sensitivity, a 5% increase in the course of claims would equate to about $130 million. Just to give you guys some sizing. Okay? But that relates to our GAAP reserve, which is our best estimate. Okay?
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. That's all very helpful. Thank you, Walter.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: You're quite welcome, John.
Operator: Following question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. On the cash sweep, I think you mentioned that you'll likely pass along more to customers going forward. Can you help frame that at all? I know you've been keeping the vast majority of it so far. So, going forward, I guess, would you still expect to keep over 50% of the upside?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: The answer is yes. Obviously, we track this very closely versus peers and competitiveness, but the answer is yes to your question.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then just a follow up on the bank. How should we think about potential capital requirements as you roll out the bank? Is that something that will have a material impact at all? Or should we not be thinking about that as really impacting your capital much?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No. I guess the short answer is no, you should not. It's in our basically risk appetite and tolerance analysis that we do, and we certainly make recommendations as it relates to the deployment of capital. And with its earnings characteristics, and so even with as we run risk elements, the capital – I think we've actually disclosed this, that, five years out, you're talking in the range of $400 million. And certainly, we're generating very strong returns on that. So, it is actually certainly manageable and certainly providing the right return characteristics with the right risk characteristics. So, no impact to our ability to continue to do and invest in our business and have other options as it relates to inorganic or return of capital to shareholders.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citigroup.
Suneet Kamath - Citi: Thanks. Good morning. So, wanted to go back to Long Term Care. I think you've said couple of times your block is different in that, it's older. But as we think about over the next several years, particularly as mortality kicks in, how should we think about the pace of reserves over time? In other words, should we get to a point where we start to see the reserves declining just because the underlying policyholders are starting to die off?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Obviously, the answer is yes. Listen, we are tracking and we do build in and certainly based on our credible experience that we have what we feel is demonstrating the claims cost increases. So – and then, of course, we still have the ability on price increases, which we certainly build in, that we feel we're quite prudent on that. So, the answer is we do see that, obviously, claims are going up, but certainly within what we expect, what we've seen, and building elements. The other aspect of this, and we've gotten questions, Suneet, and I think just to be clear, we currently have built in to our reserves about $120 million worth of future price increases, of which 30% of that is already approved by the state. So, we're feeling quite comfortable with that element. Our reserves, as we look forward, we're comfortable with that. But, again, we're going through our third quarter, we have no reason to think it's going to change. But we feel quite good about where we stand with that, and certainly expect that it will be within ranges that we've seen or we will adjust as we've always said, but again, quite manageable.
Suneet Kamath - Citi: And then on the credible experience, for the two blocks, can you give us a sense of what percentage of sort of covered lives are actually on claim at this point?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: We have about, total policies on claims, around 7%.
Suneet Kamath - Citi: For the two blocks?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, it's about 8% for the first generation. It's about 5% for the second.
Suneet Kamath - Citi: Okay. And then is that reinsurance cover that you have, is that sort of 50% on the two blocks or does it differ by the two blocks?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No. It's – again, we've reinsured to Genworth – we're dealing – I'm talking about our block now and, obviously, they're setting up the reserves, and I just answered a question on that. But this is, again, they will be impacted by obviously the full amount, but the issue is with their share. But this is for us. We're talking about us.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: He is just saying did they have a share of the total.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: They have a share of the total. Remember, the total of reserves on this are $5 billion. We're talking about $2.5 billion. There's about 113,000 clients, they have half the clients or half the risk of it.
Suneet Kamath - Citi: Got it. And then just lastly, on the morbidity sensitivity that you gave us, a 5% increase. I guess, one of the things we're struggling with is just to try to understand what's the base assumption for morbidity, and maybe how it compares to the industry overall. You had mentioned in your slide deck that you have this external validation. Do you have any sense of how your morbidity assumptions compare to industry standard?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Actually – we certainly, as part of a review look at, but it's very difficult to get something that gives you the comparability. We rely on our credible experience because candidly that is something that is tracked, and we certainly feel very comfortable with that. So, on industry, certainly we don't ignore it, but it is now building and it's not difficult to do – it is difficult to do a very precise compare considering when they stop their features, the way they manage it. But certainly, it's a data point. And that will be evaluated as we go forward, but we do rely heavily on our credible experience. And certainly, are not – we understand what goes on with the street, but the issue is drawing our conclusions about what reserves and what generates on reserves is really based upon our credible experience because we have not seen anything that would deviate us from that.
Suneet Kamath - Citi: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our following question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. Good morning. On the tax rate coming in at 16.5%, and then guidance for 17% rest of the year, I believe guidance was 17% to 19%. And I know you've had – you've got benefits like the DRD and tax preferences on low income housing. But maybe you could touch on what's kind of keeping it a bit lower? And where you see it going beyond 2018?
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, that's a good question, Andrew, by way. Good to speak to you again.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, likewise.
Walter S. Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Right now we put that 17% to 19% out because there were still a lot of areas that were floating around that could impact that number. Those have subsequently been settled down. We also have the share purchase accounting, which comes in, and we're trying to manage that from that standpoint which has a big impact. As you saw in the first quarter, we took in under – 14 point some-odd percent. We think we have a good understanding of DRD. Our other elements are still in place. So, on that particular case, 17% looks good us. It's obviously dependent on, of course, your marginal tax rate. Because again, tremendous amount of generation and new profitability will give you a higher marginal rate of 21%. But I would say, you should be looking forward that that rate is a good rate and, obviously will increase in time, as we build the business and we get the marginal rate of 21% coming in. But it's a good problem to have, isn't it?
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Absolutely. And then just lastly, Walter and Jim, on the property casualty business, I was kind of looking through the model and going back to 2011 and the combined ratio hasn't gotten below 100% since 2011. And I'm wondering, is that a business – and your rationale for staying in the variable annuity area and other areas of Protection make a lot of sense, but is this really a business that fits Ameriprise, and where you want to be?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so as we said previously, the first thing we wanted to do is we did have – developed a very good business here, a good business model. It's a direct affinity business. So, it – it generates unbelievable client satisfaction. It's a low-cost operated in the way the business is run as a direct affinity type of model. And we have very good client activity and retention, so more of a mass affluent base. I think over the last few years, as we've grown through certain partnerships, like Progressive, et cetera, we picked up some undue loss activity there based upon the concentration. So, now we're getting out of that type of arrangement, which would bring down a level of the cat activity that we experienced, that really got heightened over the last few years based on the number and type of storms that have been through the country, but you can see that across a lot of insurers. In this certain part of the equation, we had to enhance a lot of our modeling capability as the industry continued to make adjustments. And there are different things occurring in the Auto section, and so we've been able to do that now. And I think over the next year or so, you're going see improvements that are going to work its way through in what we're putting in place on the underwriting, the modeling, the pricing, the claims management activities, the policy adjustments that we're making and the partnership arrangements that we're adjusting. So, I do believe we'll get back to a good state. But to your point, strategically, it is not as integrated into our proposition in a sense of it's all our core client activity. But we have very good relationships. We have very good client base. We have a consistent retention of clients based on how satisfied they are with Ameriprise. So, strategically, we'll be able to evaluate that with our partners and figure out if there are things that we should consider. And I will do that. But we want to really continue to bring this back to the state that we think it can be in, and it's well on its way.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our following question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth S. Lee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Just want to focus on the Continental Europe growth plans for Columbia Threadneedle. Maybe you could expand upon some of the key opportunities there within products or distribution, and given the challenges stemming from regulatory changes in that region. Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes. So, what we're doing is we're going to replicate a lot of our OIC (56:08) line and build on our CCAP line across the continent. It's a combination of – we're doing it both for a combination of Brexit activities, but also we do want to expand more fully in the key markets across Europe. And we've already started to put our extra resources, build the brand, introduce some of these product lines more comprehensively in the fourth quarter of this year. And so, we'll be building out in places like Germany and Italy and Spain and places like that where we see a good opportunity, where we already have a good initial level of client activity, and that they're looking for our product. And we feel there is an opportunity for us to further expand and go deeper like we are in the UK. So, we feel good about that. We think it's a good opportunity and one that we can have some good success with – with the product line that we have.
Kenneth S. Lee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And just one follow-up. In terms of what you said in the prepared remarks, began to slowdown in mandate fundings within Asset Management. Want to know if you could expand upon that? Maybe comment upon what you're seeing in terms of institutional client demands? And maybe also stepping back, just from a longer-term view, how do you think about the potential to grow that institutional side? I know that the Asset Management business is skewed more towards the retail side right now. Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes. So we have been able to put together both a good product line, more fully and comprehensive than we've ever had before in the institutional basis. We have longer term track records in a number of areas. In some of the areas that we've been a bit stronger in, things like high yield, et cetera, as you would imagine the markets has tightened a little bit. People aren't putting as much money into it. And also, just based on market evaluations, people have slowed down a little bit on the equity side as well. So, we don't see this as a permanent thing, but we do see – and I think you'll see it across the industry where the institutional activities have slowed a bit in a number of the areas, particularly in the areas that we have a bit more strength in. So, that's really what we're seeing. But we have been expanding our relationships. We are growing them globally. And we do feel there's more opportunity for us to continue to get some of our product line in, including some of our solution activity. And so, we're building that out as well. We want to get a little more customized than what we can deliver for institutions. We're also building out our infrastructure business out of the UK and Europe. And we're trying to also with Lionstone start to build that activity even further there. So, we have some things in the hopper. But as I would tell you, I think if you look across the institutional activity in the first half of the year, it slowed a bit.
Kenneth S. Lee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. Just in AWM, can you remind us like what portion your G&A costs are fixed versus variable? Like just how to think about the potential margin expansion there as the experienced advisors continue to ramp up going forward?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So in our G&A, we both have, first of all, support across the entire network for what we do from our branding to our capabilities that we offer and the services we provide. It also is volume-related in various activities. From trading activities and the platform clearing and, et cetera, et cetera. So, all of that is part of our G&A expenses that go up with volume and down with volume, as well as some what we would call our staff and support and servicing. From an advisor perspective, we bear the cost of our employee advisors for their G&A-fixed costs like offices, et cetera. And our franchisee channel, they bear the cost of their real estate and their services and their support staff, as part of their activities and they have a higher payout to do that. So, it's a combination of where we have the asset, both fixed and variable, that we serve. And then our advisors, if – they're a franchisee pick up some of their overhead from managing their own in-office operations.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: I guess assuming we're just looking at the second quarter, if you bifurcate the G&A cost in AWM, like what portion of that would be fixed versus variable?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: The variable expense in that – again, it's looking at what we've said as it relates to vendors and other elements as it relates to the activity level is about $4 million or $5 million on that increase.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And then regarding to your recruitment of advisors, can you talk about the pipeline in the second half? My understanding is the changes in the protocol disrupted the recruiting in the first half, but things have picked up since June. Do you think you can get to a similar level as the second half of last year in terms of the recruiting for this year?
James M. Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, the recruiting did slow a little bit at starting the year activities. There's a combination of factors including market volatility. But I think some change in the protocol for some of the firms. But I think our pipeline looks good. We're seeing a bit more activity come back again. As you saw, we picked up the 76 or roughly similar in the first quarter. But we do feel good about the pipeline, the people we're bringing in, and people are interested. And so we feel good about that.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: We have no further questions. This concludes today's conference. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity – Investor Relations Jim Cracchiolo – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Walter Berman – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan Krueger – KBW John Nadel – UBS Kenneth Lee – RBC Capital Markets Adam Klauber – William Blair John Barnidge – Sandler O’Neill Erik Bass – Autonomous Research Suneet Kamath – Citi Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs Tom Gallagher – Evercore Doug Mewhirter – SunTrust Humphrey Lee – Dowling & Partners
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. My name is Serbia, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website; on Slide 2 you’ll see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our first quarter 2018 earnings release, our 2017 annual report to shareholders, and our 2017 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. On Slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. Below that, you see our adjusted operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. I’d like to point out that effective January 1, 2018 the company changed the naming convention for its non-GAAP financial measures from operating to adjusted operating to more clearly differentiate between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. The definition of these measures remains unchanged. The comments that management makes on the call today will focus on adjusted operating financial results. Additionally, in the first quarter Ameriprise adopted a new accounting standard; revenue from contracts with customers on a retrospective basis. The adoption resulted in changes to certain advisory revenues that are now recognized on a gross rather than a net basis. All information discussed today reflects this restatement. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. I’ll provide my perspective on the business, and then Walter will follow with our detailed financials. Let’s begin. I’m pleased to share that Ameriprise reported strong first quarter results. We’re generating good earnings growth in both the Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management. So far in 2018 the overall operating environment has remained positive but fluid. After a strong January, market volatility increased the markets ended down for the quarter. In March, the Fed increased short-term rates and longer term rates have begun to rise though they remain at low levels. And the regulatory environment is clearer, so we’re encouraged by that. In the first quarter we had good growth in client assets and activity. In terms of financials, assets under management and administration were $887 billion up 9%. And on adjusted operating basis, net revenues grew nicely excluding the impact of 12b-1 was 9%. We delivered significant growth in earnings up 30%. Earnings per diluted share grew a meaningful 37% and our return on equity is consistently among the best in the industry at 29.3%. Maintaining a strong financial foundation is core to how we operate and gives us flexibility to take advantage of opportunities. We return 91% of adjusted earnings in the first quarter consistent with our return over the last several years. And yesterday we announced another increase in our regular quarterly dividend up 8% to $0.90 per share. This continues our record for consistent dividend growth over the years and marks our 13th increase over the last 13 years and since 2012 we doubled our dividend. Let’s move to our business results. In Advice & Wealth Management, our advice value proposition and premium client experience are important differentiators. We work diligently to earn excellent clients’ satisfaction. Proudly, Ameriprise is also recognized in the investment industry for our trust, customer service, consumer forgiveness and likelihood to recommend. And in the first quarter, Ameriprise was ranked as a Hearts & Wallets Top Performer in four important areas; understands me and shares my values; explains things in understandable terms; has defined, repeatable processes for producing results; and has knowledgeable, timely and tactical investment ideas. This terrific recognition builds on our existing credentials and reinforces that what we do for our clients and how we do it continues to differentiate Ameriprise in the industry. In an improved operating environment, Ameriprise client assets grew 12% from a year ago as clients put more money to work. Activity was strong and we had an excellent quarter for net inflows into fee-based investment advisory accounts of $5.7 billion, an increase of 44% over last year. Our investment advisory platform is one of the largest in the industry at more than $250 billion growing 18% from a year ago. We continue to invest significantly in our brand, technology, tools and training to help our advisors grow their productivity and to further strengthen awareness of Ameriprise and our value proposition. We’re building on our successful Be Brilliant national advertising campaign and launch new broadcast and online advertising during the quarter with continued high awareness levels. We’re spending significant time on delivering our highly effective advice value proposition more consistently. Many advisors are taking advantage of our extensive leadership coaching programs on advice and generating client referrals. We’re serving more clients with comprehensive advise and financial planning as well as more million dollar plus clients. In addition, we invest in our digital capabilities so that clients can work even more collaboratively with their advisors. We’ll also continue to invest in our servicing capabilities as well as data and analytics to better understand client preferences and help advisors deepen the relationships. And our field team is strong and successful. Ameriprise advisor production was up 16% excluding net 12b-1 fee change. Our advisors have consistently increased productivity at a higher rate than most of our competitors and we had continued strong productivity growth in the first quarter. In addition, another 79 experienced advisors joined Ameriprise in the first quarter from wirehouses, regionals and independent firms. And we have the largest number of Ameriprise advisors ever named to several top advisor industry rankings. Our insurance and annuity solutions are an important part of the largest solution set that we offer. Sales of variable annuities have ticked up by about 20% from a year ago and variable annuity account balances grew 3% driven by equity market gains. In insurance we’re seeing continued good sales in VUL and UL, which were driven by IUL, lump sum sales in the quarter. For both our insurance and annuity businesses, we’re simplifying and streamlining our sales processes to help deepen advisor and client engagement, and meet client’s needs for retirement income and protection. In Auto & Home, we had underline improvement in profitability and the changes we’ve implemented are having a positive impact. We’ve improved claims management pricing and underwriting and the changes are working their way through the book. Unfortunately like the industry, cat losses drove down from prior quarters were a bit above our expectations given the storms in the Northeast and Midwest. In asset management, we continue to deliver good financial results and competitive investment performance for our investors. Our first quarter financials were strong. Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 30% from a year ago. And assets under management were up 4% to $485 billion. Regarding investment performance it remains very good. At the end of the quarter about 70% of our funds, equities, fixed income and asset allocation were above Lipper medians or benchmarks for one- , three- and five-year timeframes. And results were particularly strong in the U.S. across domestic and international equities as well as taxable on tax exempt fixed income. Clients are benefiting from our efforts to establish a global investment operation, which is resulting in increased collaboration and insight sharing across a range of investment portfolios. Net outflows were elevated in the quarter. The main driver was in institutional where we were impacted by clients’ tactical asset allocation decisions, a large sovereign wealth client who redeem for liquidity purposes, and the late fundings given the market environment. It was not performance related. We expect improved sales in the second quarter as more number of our wins are expected to be funded. In Global Retail, the increase in outflows were driven by higher redemptions in EMEA given volatility. We do anticipate it to bounce back in the second quarter given expected platform fundings. In U.S. retail we will remain in outflows as we are still experiencing pressure from redemptions in equities like the industry, though sales at major intermediary clients have improved from last year. In each quarter we expect the level of outflows from our closed block of low fee former parent assets, and the flow rate in the quarter was in line with our expectations and improved a bit from a year ago. With regard to what we’re doing about our flow situation; in institutional we are working to have more strategies approved with consultants, and deepen relationships with current clients while we continue to further expand internationally. Then we go to Retail, in February we added a new Head of North America which aligns our regional leadership similarly to EMEA and Asia-Pacific. We’re working hard to get more strategies on platforms, enhancing our segmentation strategies, and ensuring our wholesalers are engaging their clients about their particular needs. In EMEA, we’re investing more resources to expand the distribution reach in key markets in Europe to compliment our UK’s strength. We’re also investing to strengthen our Columbia Threadneedle brand awareness across our regions, including in key markets in Europe as well as in the U.S., where we’re seeing a good lift from our television ads and digital strategy. In the quarter, we completed a significant portion of the planned integration of our front middle and back office operation platforms that will increase our flexibility and ability to offer customized solutions, and we continue to prepare for Brexit, and that work is going well. In Asset Management we have more work to do and that’s where we’re focused. Overall, Ameriprise is in a strong position, we have a great foundation upon which we can build. Very few financial services companies are generating this level of consistent performance returning to shareholders like Ameriprise has, while continuing to deliver good earnings. We have an excellent financial foundation and balance sheet that we manage very well. Our diversified business provides important flexibility and our Wealth Management business is one of the best in the industry and has significant growth potential, and is responsible for driving approximately 75% of the company’s overall revenue. We’re confident on the investments we’re making as we focus on serving more clients and growing the business, and therefore we believe Ameriprise is undervalued and represents a compelling opportunity both today and for the future. Now Walter will review our financials, and I’ll be back at the end for questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered strong results in the quarter. We continue to make significant progress in delivering our long-term shareholder objectives with strong growth in revenue, EPS, and return on equity. Let me take you through the details beginning on Slide 6. Ameriprise reported adjusted operating EPS of $3.70, fueled by our strong growth businesses. AWM and Asset Management earnings were up over 25% in the quarter. Overall revenue growth was strong, up 9% in the quarter. Strong growth in client assets, particularly in wrap accounts, and market appreciation drove substantial 16% top line growth in AWM. Asset Management revenue was up 7% from markets and a vendor credit relating to completion of our front, middle, and back office integration. Annuities and Protection’s stable revenue was in line with our expectations. Expenses continue to be well managed across the firm with G&A up only 1%. I will go into details on expenses in each segment on the subsequent pages. We returned more than $500 million to shareholders through buyback and dividends. Given the lower share price in February and March, we increased the amount of share repurchase to the highest level over the past five quarters. Let’s turn to AWM on Slide 7. Advice & Wealth Management delivered another outstanding quarter, across all dimensions. Revenue was up 16%, driven by strong net inflows and improved transactional activity levels, as well as higher equity markets and interest rates. Expense growth was primarily driven by higher distribution related expenses. G&A increased 6% which included higher volume related impacts due to strong growth, increased investment for business growth and the addition of IPI. AWM had substantial 27% earnings growth and 230 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter. The adoption of the new accounting standard impacted margins in both periods by approximately 40 basis points. I’d like to take a moment to review the quarterly drivers of earnings. First, there are only 90 fee days in the first quarter, 91 days in Q2, and 92 days in Q3 and Q4. Given the growth we’ve seen over the past years in our wrap business, the impact of each fee day has increased to approximately $14 million of revenue, and $6 million of PTI. Second, there was one pure E&O day, which negatively impacts revenue by $3 million. Last we have some seasonality in our expenses that we have discussed in the past. As it relates to the first quarter, we had hard payroll tax expense of $7 million. Let’s turn to Asset Management on Page 8. Asset Management financial performance remain very strong. Revenues were up 7% from strong market appreciation, the acquisition of Lionstone as well as the vendor credit I mentioned earlier. In addition, the fee rate was consistent with our expectations in the 52 basis points to 53 basis points range. Expenses continue to be prudently managed. Excluding acquisition of Lionstone, G&A increased 3% and included elevated research and regulatory cost in the UK and Europe. We delivered particularly strong margin of 40% in the quarter. We continue to expect the margin to be in the 35% to 39% range in the near term. Let’s turn to annuities on Slide 9. Variable annuities were flat at $116 million. Equity market appreciation increased account balance year-over-year, but earnings were flat due to lower mean reversion than a year ago. Variable annuities continue to be in outflows, though at a slower pace than last year in both our internally distributed block, and the closed block that was distributed by third parties. We’ve also seen a 20% increase in sales of our variable annuity product. Fixed annuities pretax operating earnings declined $7 million as lapses in interest rates continue to impact results as expected. Turning to Protection on Slide 10. Life & Health pretax operating earnings declined 4% from the pressure of continued lower interest rates. Total claims are in line with expectations, so we did see a slight uptick in mortality in the first quarter that was offset by an improvement in the disability income. We had good sales momentum as we started the year, but typically for our Indexed Universal Life product which is up 9%. In the Auto & Home business pretax operating results in the quarter were impacted by elevated net cat losses of $14 million that were concentrated in the Northeast. We continued to reduce Home exposure in Colorado and Texas from the cancellation of one of our affinity partnerships. This has resulted in our Home policies enforced declining 6% year-over-year and 3% within the quarter. Let’s turn to Slide 11. We are continuing to grow our Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses at a faster pace than Insurance & Annuities. Advice & Wealth Management made up nearly 45% of the earnings in the quarter. Combining with the Asset Management, the fee-based businesses has made up 72% of our earnings for the quarter. This mix shift supports our strong fee cash flow generation. Next I would like to spend a few minutes on our risk management framework and inferences that have been drawn above the reserve adequacy of our long-term care businesses. As you’re aware we have developed sophisticated ERM program that utilize analysis and stress testing to inform our risk appetite, and understand our capital return capability across the range of potential scenarios. And it is just framework that supports the recommendation and make quarterly to the board regarding the level of our share repurchase as well as the amount of our annual dividend increases. Long-term care obviously is part of our ERM framework, and we remain very comfortable with our exposure. There are three primary levers to manage the long-term care business. First, premium rate increases, we have taken a balanced, but active approach to steadily increased rates since early 2005. The average approved cumulative rate increase is 138% on our nursing home only indemnity business, and 63% on our comprehensive reimbursement business. This has mitigated some of the need to build reserves. Second, investment income, here we have prudently managed our investment portfolio. Third, our reserve processes which I will go into in a bit more detail. We have a rigorous process of diligent reviewing our long-term care reserves on an annual basis. Our reserve levels reflect the policy features, and risk characteristics of a book of business, as well as ever increasing incredible claims data. So policies with richer benefits have higher reserves. We have complete reviews with our orders, and no concerns had been raised about our reserve adequacy. Also, we periodically engage in an independent actuarial consulting firm to validate our conclusions. We have been setting our reserves using over 20 years of actuarial data. In the third quarter of each year, we had another year of experience and incorporate any deviation from our assumptions into the reserve calculation. The annual adjustments have been very small percentage changes of the total reserve. Material changes of reserves are not consistent with our approach or the process that I just described. We have not experienced nor do we expect to experience sizeable reserve increases on this business. Let me be very clear, I can confidently say our long-term care will not impact our ability to return capital to shareholders consistently. Turning to Slide 13, Ameriprise balance sheet quality, cash flow generation and capital return capability remain very strong. Ameriprise’s capital position remains strong with $1.4 billion of excess capital and an RBC ratio of over 500%. In the quarter, we returned over $500 million of capital to shareholders, which was over 90% of our operating earnings. Also we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend of 8% to $0.90 per diluted share, reflecting our ongoing commitment to capital return and confidence in our future cash flow capacity. With that we’ll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks, good morning. First question was on buyback. Walter, you mentioned that you stepped it up from the last few quarter run rate. Is this something that you think can be sustained going forward or did you view that as more of an opportunistic increase in the quarter?
Walter Berman: It can be sustained. Again, we will evaluate it each quarter looking it opportunistically and certainly we have the capacity on that basis to continue to buyback at the levels that you saw. Again, we will evaluate it each quarter.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, thanks. And then one on G&A expenses in Advice & Wealth Management, the 6% increase. How much of that was driven by IPI and, I guess, what would be your general expectation for G&A expense growth going forward?
Walter Berman: IPI is a small part of it. It’s probably on the expense side because it’s new and it’s about $4 million. And going forward, I think as we talked about it’s in the 3% and 5% range. You do know we’re investing for growth, but certainly we feel that is a reasonable range that you should anticipate.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from UBS.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning. First off a question on the SEC’s announcement recently regarding the fiduciary standards. Jim, any sort of early thought there, your reaction or the firm’s reaction to what’s happening now?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So first of all we’re going through the really – the details of it, there’s over a 1,000 pages. On the surface it looks very good. In a sense that it is a bit more principle based, it’s more appropriate against what would be supportable regulation that’s out there, in case that’s out there that is appropriate for us to in the industry to conduct business, but still serving people in their best interest which we fully support. So we’re very encouraged by it. There’s always you got to read the details of it and figure out how that looks in reality. But we think it is appropriate for the SEC to take the broader role and have it consistent across all activities, so we’re very favorable to that. And as you also saw there was a major court ruling there, so unless the DOL appeals it then that rule will be out.
John Nadel: Yes, understood. And then on the wrap flows, Jim, I mean, exceptional results, I guess the question, sort of using Ryan’s term, can we talk about the sustainability there, what you think is really driving that increase in wrap flows? I mean, I know productivity has improved, experienced financial advisors recruiting all these things, but at the core of it, do you feel like this level of flows is really a sustainable level?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say we feel very good about the productivity of the system and advisors. I think the focus is the back to work and they’re not worried about the next regulatory overhang that really had converted. Remember, last year we had to converted a huge amount of their business, eliminate 12b-1s, we had to put them on the best interest standard consistent with the DOL. So there was a lot of work and lot of activity and training and now the advisors are much more focused. Now what we’re doing to work at this point is we’re investing real strongly back into the core of the business, our advice value proposition, our digital capabilities, we’re enhancing our ability for our advisors to really seek out and serve more clients, and clients that have more wealth, and so we feel really good about that. Client inflows are really good, our productivity of the advisor base is strong and growing. So that’s really what we’re continuing to be focused on. Our transaction activity also has picked up in the quarter. So it wasn’t just flows into wrap, we saw a good flow situation coming in from clients. And even with the volatility people have been very disciplined, about how they’re working and engaging their clients.
John Nadel: And then if I can sneak one more in, just going back to Slide 12, I really appreciate the color on the long-term care business, I think that’s clearly been topical I believe. The last bullet on the slide talks about significant protections in place to effect re-mitigate counterparty risk. I guess specific to that – in the event that your counterparty suffered significant downgrades of its credit or claims paying ability. Is there protection in place against the incremental capital that river source lays would potentially need to hold against a lower rated reinsurance recoverable?
Jim Cracchiolo: Basically the issue is, it would have to be tremendous movement and we feel with the protections that we have that we keep on talking about that the impact to us would be minimal.
John Nadel: Even under rating agency, capital models like S&P?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Because we are dealing with again what we feel the protections are in them and what the net exposure would than be. And it’s a complex process, but as we indicated we feel very comfortable for those protections and the net amount of that exposure we think will be certainly very manageable.
John Nadel: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just had one on the Asset Management side. In terms of the institutional flows, wondering if you could give us a sense of the recent trend of the unfunded institutional mandate and where they stand right now?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we actually, again, you can’t necessarily with certainty always say exactly when, but we do have a nice number of wins that are waiting to be funded. We do believe that some of the investors held off in the first quarter and some of the disciplines that we had that were approved, and so we feel the institutional business should become much more positive than what we’ve seen in the first quarter, would have bounced back in some of those wins and fundings. We do have a good number of products that have been approved on the consultant side, and more that are in the hopper and we’re having good discussions with our clients including on some of the multi-asset solutions that we have. So we’re hoping that will continue to trend in a more positive direction as we move through the year.
Kenneth Lee: Got you. And just one more follow-up. Any way that you could break out by asset class just that the total outflow; whether there was any particular concentration in specific asset classes? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. We’d love to see if we can do that for you.
Kenneth Lee: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber from William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Thanks, good morning. Your revenue growth – the change in revenue growth is pretty impressive. In 2016 it was roughly negative 2%. 2017 moved up to 4%. This quarter jumped up to 8% to 9%. A revenue growth level in the high-single digit; is that sustainable or is this quarter just better than we should expect going forward?
Walter Berman: No, again, if you look at the business drivers that they are certainly with the markets and with our growth, I can’t say there’s going to be at the same levels, but certainly with also the changing interest profile certainly it will be higher than we’ve experienced and the ones you’ve talked about and we’re quite comfortable with that. We always have been the situation from that standpoint with the insurance which grows and annuities which grow at a slow pace, but the Asset Management and Advice & Wealth Management businesses are in good trajectories. So I can’t give you, it’s going to be at that 9% level, but certainly it’s going to be higher than we are seeing.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And in the last year, so you’ve done like two more bolt-on acquisitions last deals. How’s the pipeline? And could we see one or two more deals in the next 12 to 18 months?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I think listen – I think the activity in the industry has picked up a bit and we very much have the capability and the ability to continue to bolt-on. We are seeing a nice fit with Lionstone that we acquired. And we think there are some additional capabilities that we would like to add on to our asset management capabilities.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Sandler O’Neill
John Barnidge: Thank you. Just a housekeeping question. In Asset Management, when we have flows on an ex-former parent company basis been this bad?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, you meaning other than the ex-parent?
John Barnidge: Yes.
Jim Cracchiolo: Right. So I would say there are probably if we go back – it really depends on the cycle and unfortunately in the first quarter we were sort of hit with fundings being held, and at the same time people relocate out of some of the disciplines like high-yield and other things like that because of the market pullback and change in the fixed income area. Equity is the same way with the volatility that picked up. So Europe moved into nice inflows last year and again the first quarter it was a little bit of holding, and so you got the redemptions coming without necessarily the sales. But the sales right now are starting to pick it back up again, and the redemptions are calming again. So we did face a level of volatility in the first quarter and we also in the first quarter always have people that review their portfolios and make some reallocations which we didn’t have. So we think that will bounce back. We didn’t expect it to be that high. Having said that, I do believe we are making good focus and good progress in certain areas, but it’s not something we’re happy about, but we are diligently trying to work to improve that situation.
John Barnidge: And then related to the Protection segment, the pricing environment for Auto & Home has improved, underwriting margins in Protection are trending in the right direction. Your ex-cat combined ratio has averaged a couple points below 100 for the last seven quarters. How much further improvement do you think is needed before the company would consider exploring strategic alternatives for that business? Because there’s obvious a clear push towards more asset management like businesses of the company.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, again, I think we are well on our way to showing good progress in the business. I think the unfortunate point over the last number of quarters have been the level of cat activity and we’ve actually done some good work to minimize that, we’ve actually adjusted some of our affinity relationships so that we can reduce the extra exposure there. We like that to continue to work through the book because at the end of the day we’ve built this book over a long period of time, it is one of the best we think affinity, direct play is out there, and we really would like it get it back in a good situation for our partners. And once that can sustain and start to excite the growth there and then we’ll continue it, we will evaluate it, I’m very clear on that. Having said that, I think we just want to continue to make some good progress there that shows true through the earnings.
John Barnidge: Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Our following question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Can you provide some additional detail on what drove the increase in your RBC ratio this quarter? I guess, what were the discretionary reserves you released related to and what’s changed in your thinking about the need for them?
Walter Berman: Well, actually since last year I think we discussed that we had discretionary reserves as we looked at both the tax situation and others. And those reserves clearly were discretionary and they have been reversed, and obviously we also declared a dividend. So we feel comfortable at the current NAIC levels that the RBC ratios are in the level that we think are appropriate.
Erik Bass: Okay. And then on the last call you alluded to potential interest in getting back into the banking business, can you just provide any update there on your thinking and discuss what you see I guess is the potential incremental benefits to your interest margin from owning a bank? And also I guess would having a bank change your capital requirements or have any material impact on excess capital?
Walter Berman: Okay. Yes, we certainly continue with our interest. And as we evaluate that and we feel that is will be beneficial situation to expanding the scope of our product capabilities and will have a reasonable amount of margin as it does with certainly some of our peers. And as it relates to the capital we feel based on initial evaluation, it should have a minimal impact on the consolidated excess capital position other than the capital that goes into the institution.
Erik Bass: Got it. So it would be both an expansion of kind of product capabilities as well as an increase in the interest margin as you would be able to keep more of the economics, I guess, particularly as rates if they continue to move higher?
Walter Berman: Absolutely.
Erik Bass: Thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks, good morning. Wanted to start with long-term care; just given your confidence in the level of reserves and frankly the lack of reserve bills on an absolute basis and relative to peers. Is there any hope that maybe at some point you could sell this business for exit it? Are there any sort of structural limitations in terms of your ability to do it or is it just boils down to price?
Walter Berman: I think there is no structural limitations for us to do that, obviously interest rates play an important part of it, but also, yes. So the answer, if an opportunity came up, we would certainly explore it and maintain the economic sense. We understand the book, and like I said, this book is something that we feel like a lot of our products is been managed in a very effective way so that’s why we feel as confident. So yes if the opportunity came up for the right situation, and interest rates certainly would help going up, we would certainly listen.
Suneet Kamath: And we’ve been reading a little bit about interest from third parties in these types of blogs. Is there anything – is it sort of cricket out there in terms of conversations or are you actually getting some feedback in terms of interest without naming specific?
Walter Berman: I think we’ve seen more interest lately, and certainly in that blog – so, yes, I can say we’ve seen more interest.
Jim Cracchiolo: Suneet, one of the things I would say is as there’s a lot of activity out there for books that may not have been of the quality of ours, so I think what has to occur a little more is people understanding really to differentiation and I think you’ll find whether it’s in our protection or in our annuities books. These are asset accumulation, good, strong clientele built over the decades, very good returns, very low risk, very good hedging, very good in the way we reserve et cetera. So I actually believe this is a very quality – high quality portfolio and as people start to evaluate that, there will be differentiation.
Suneet Kamath: And I know, Walter, you mentioned interest rates need to be higher. Is there a rough sense of how much higher they need to go before such a transaction makes sense?
Walter Berman: It’s an interesting question. Certainly if you look at – if you get into the 5% to 6% range or 4.5% to 5.5% you certainly get to a point where you can make an intelligent valuation around.
Suneet Kamath: And that’s on the 10-year or is that something longer?
Walter Berman: That’s in the 10 year.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then just one last one for Jim, in the past you’ve given us sort of periodic updates on the margin in employee channel versus the franchisee channel within AWM. Can you give us a sense of where those two channels are today?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we continue to create a margin and build it in the employee channel. It’s up in the mid-to-upper teens, I think roughly around this point, and it’s tracking very good, it’s also off a larger base, meaning that the size has grown. So we feel very good about that and the continued progress that it makes, and we’ll continue to build utilization in that system with the recruits that we’ve brought on board. So it’s tracking very well.
Walter Berman: Suneet, this is Walter. That just make sure – I’m talking about not 10-year treasure, and I’m talking about 10-year corporates, okay?
Suneet Kamath - Citi: 10-year corporates. Okay that’s helpful thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, Jim, Walter, good morning. Question for you guys will follow-up around the bank strategy. I guess, may be just a little more color on a, what kind of ROE threshold you guys would need to see in the business when you’re considering to kind of pull the trigger or not? And I guess would you guys have to acquire or is that something you guys can just build internally and start a new bank charter?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, as you recollect, we had a bank charter before. We still have a trust – a bank trust charter. And so it’s really building out our capabilities, getting the approval and our licenses in place et cetera, so there’s level of working activity that you have to do appropriately in that regard. But it would really be around Wealth Management product. We’re not looking to do commercial lending like some other institutions have et cetera, et cetera. We really want this to be more around supporting our clients’ activities and their individual asset loans, et cetera, et cetera. So we have the capability in the past to have done that. We have the knowledge and so we need to put that back in place and go through the appropriate approval and set up the various systems and capabilities for it.
Walter Berman: Yes, as it relate to the returns, certainly the book we have to build, but again it’s internally and with the product we’re building, but certainly we get into – expect to get into the teens.
Alex Blostein: Yes, any sort of timeline we should be thinking about as you guys are considering this?
Jim Cracchiolo: Probably as we look out to next year.
Walter Berman: Yes.
Alex Blostein: Got you. And then my second question is just around the brokerage trends and the cash. So looks like the implied betas, deposit betas on the business remain quite low, something I think in the 30-ish percent. I guess, as you progress through the rate cycle, and again, this is not just you guys are seen across the industry, but as you progress through the rate cycle, what you guys see these deposit betas go in. Again, feels like they held up much better than expected and then ultimately, I guess, where they peek out?
Walter Berman: Again, it’s depending on the competitive situation as we go, you’re right. Certainly the level before the increases that have taken place have been at a higher level because it’s competitive and certainly it’s been evaluated. And actually a lot of that – even though one in December has not worked its way totally through the quarter. So the issue is we see it, at some point it will stop being shared, but again it’s a highly competitive situation than we’ve seen in the last two, that majority of it has been retained. So it’s tough to really estimate, but it’s certainly at some point when you get to much higher levels, I assume it will stop being distributed in a more – basically more to higher percentage clients than it is today.
Alex Blostein: Got you. But where you standing today, you’re not seeing material changes versus what we’ve seen over the last kind of three to four months?
Walter Berman: And we stand just quite thoroughly. We are certainly marched up with our competitors and certainly look at it and we feel it’s a fair rate that we’re offering.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks. Few questions on the long-term care, Walter. In terms of the reinsurance that you have in place, do you have protections over and above the assets that are currently in the reinsurance trust? I guess, what I’m getting at is, if there was a shortfall of assets in the trust and your reinsurance partner suffered further financial difficulty, do you have extra protections to fill that asset need?
Walter Berman: Okay. The issue is – let me discuss straight to it. Our protections have geared to what they estimate reserves that are necessary for it, and we certainly work with them and understand it because we have been bonded with it, and they certainly we feel – we follow a protocol, they follow a protocol that those reserves are adequate. I’m not going to speculate, if it’s not but the – it is something we’re constantly monitoring and basically reviewing and certainly reviewing the strength of glick and the firms that supported. So I feel comfortable at this stage, it’s certainly we are well protected.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And I guess another issue that I’ve heard out there that’s a concern related to that.  I just wanted to see if you could shed a little light on it is that I think your counterparty is viewed as using more aggressive reserving assumptions than everyone else in the market. And from the disclosure we’ve been able to see, it looks like you guys are holding about the same amount of reserves for that business that’s been reinsured to that company at around $2 billion. Am I right on that or is there a difference between the reserves you’re carrying for that book versus what your reinsurance partner is, if you’re able to comment on that?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I can comment on ours, we do our own calculations on our reserves and certainly feel comfortable, but we’re also aware what they are doing and currently, in discussions we are not concerned.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then my final question on this topic is, your 10-K indicated that your analysis of long-term care reflects to one or two additional rate increase rounds over a four-year period. I just want to be clear, I understand that. Is that what’s embedded in your GAAP and statutory reserves? Or one or two additional rounds of rate increases over four years? Or is that something different? I just want to be clear?
Jim Cracchiolo: It is based on evaluation and that is what we felt is appropriate and based on what we feel that we would be able to garner.
Tom Gallagher: And Walter, that’s for both GAAP and stat?
Walter Berman: No, that was for the GAAP.
Tom Gallagher: That’s just GAAP, okay. All right, thank you.
Walter Berman: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mewhirter from SunTrust.
Doug Mewhirter: Hi, good morning. First question on the method, I know you’ve been working on the Threadneedle side, but also maybe also in your North American business have you sort of zeroed in on what kind of expense impact that might have for the balance of the year?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, okay, on the research fees, the unmet related to met are as we engaged is around $2.5 million that we had in the quarter so you can go out there we’re constantly looking in valuating, but that is something that we experienced that basically we had in the first quarter. We are doing some development, but again that’s in our development plan as it related to meeting certain other requirements as we go forward. But that should be, I would say $1 million or $2 million in that range as it relates to MiFID.
Doug Mewhirter: Okay, thanks for that and my second and final question. With the long - and middle of the long-end of the interest rate curve finally inching up a little bit. Have you seen increased interest in your annuity products, I know it looks like you had an increase in sales, I didn't know if that was just a better marketing effort or if there is or if it was more of the - more comfort with the regulatory environment or if there is some sort of – they are more attractive because of higher interest rates and do you think there’s a level where you would actually hit an inflection point where you could actually turn the negative variable annuity flows into positive flows?
Jim Cracchiolo: So we have seen in the last two quarters a pickup in annuity sales and again I would probably say it’s a combination of factors I can’t point to one, it could be you know where people are more comfortable now that they understand what is appropriate from a regulatory, best interest, et cetera, as we said we haven’t really changed we’ve always had a very comprehensive compliance practices, nothing in that regard has changed, I think it’s more of a comfort of where the annuity fits back in, in that regard. I think there was a bit more of a focus or a little bit of a hesitation there. Having said that I also believe that the advisors are back to looking at where the annuity fits as part of a holistic solution. And in that I think is how we think about that, we have always had annuity sales in the $4 billion to $5 billion range unlike a number of competitors that really turn on the faucet and then turn it off when something happens there, we have been very consistent, we have a good core product capability and benefits that our advisors understand. We compliment that where other products from other providers on our shelf as well, so we’re not necessarily looking for sales of the annuity to rise tremendously, there is a level of redemption in our book or pay downs because of the client portfolios and drawdown, but that’s appropriate for us . We look at this more holistically and as you can see, clients - we have good client flows, we have good flows going into a combination of products, which include the wrap, includes annuity, protection, et cetera, and that’s really what we look at. We don’t necessarily look that the annuity business has to grow by leaps and bounds, I think part of the sales coming off also has to do with the fixed side, where the interest rates aren’t there at this point for us to get the spread that we’re looking for, but that could change longer term as well. So we are feeling very comfortable about that book and the sales that we do get and it does sort of go up and down within a good range, so it’s a good client persistent portfolio, and that’s really what we look for.
Doug Mewhirter: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning, thank you for taking my question. On Asset Management in terms of the fee rates that you charge on the asset that is coming in versus the assets that are going out, can you update us in terms of the differential between the fee rates?
Walter Berman: The fee rate is higher for the - certainly for the activity coming in versus going out I’m trying to remember, it’s around 4 basis point or 5 basis points I think I will get back to you on that, that’s what I think it is it’s certainly been higher.
Humphrey Lee: Yes, I think in the last quarter you said it’s kind of roughly 15% higher between I mean for the inflows versus the outflow, I’m just trying to see if there’s still some what kind of in that ballpark.
Walter Berman: That sounds a little hard to me, but let me check.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I think it was that way in the fourth quarter but again, it varies based upon what the fundings are in the redemptions, so it’s not like a perfect science.
Humphrey Lee: Okay, understood. And then you talked about some of the expected funding in the coming quarters given the wins that you have, but in terms of the redemptions do you anticipate any more kind of liquidity related redemptions or kind of re-bouncing kind of in the coming quarters?
Walter Berman: Again, you can’t speak to what was going to happen in market conditions et cetera, but we did see a bit more of that sort of rebalancing and reallocation than we’ve seen in other quarters and I think you can see that with interest rates backing up with the markets particularly in February with how the volatility spike. So I would probably say we don’t expect it to be at that level going forward. We see that sort of have calmed down tremendously as we got through March and in to April.
Humphrey Lee: Okay I think the single client have the redemption for liquidity reason. They took money out last quarter – last first quarter and then some in the second quarter, would you anticipate something similar in terms of pattern?
Jim Cracchiolo: You know that’s hard to – the client was very clear that it had nothing to do with the performance of the product et cetera, so I think those are the decisions that they have to make and we’re informed like others. So I don’t think we’re an isolated case on that hyper liquidity from the type of clients, so I think that’s more of what others have experienced as well.
Walter Berman: So it’s Walter let me just, the fee-in versus and fee- out is about 6% higher.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations James Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Walter Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Suneet Kamath - Citi Ryan Krueger - KBW Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners Doug Mewhirter - SunTrust Adam Klauber - William Blair Tom Gallagher - Evercore Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Kenneth Lee - RBC Capital Markets John Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2017 Earnings Call. My name is Paulette, and I will be your operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financials fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Turning to our earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, on slide two you see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our fourth quarter 2017 earnings release, our 2016 annual report to shareholders, and our 2016 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. Turning to slide three, you will see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter. As you are aware, the tax cuts and jobs act was established in the fourth quarter resulting in a $320 million unfavourable charge in the quarter. Given the charge is one time in nature, we are also provided our operating results adjusted for the tax re-measurement impact. Management believes this enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Many of the comments that management makes on the call today will focus on operating financial results adjusted for tax re-measurement.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning and thank you for joining today's earnings call. I'll provide my perspective on the business. Walter will speak about the numbers and then we’ll be happy to take your questions. Let's get started. I’m pleased to share that we had an excellent fourth quarter concluding what was a very strong year for Ameriprise. Clearly, the strong markets and operating environment we experienced throughout most of 2017 remains favourable in the fourth quarter. In addition, we had the beneficial impact of improving economies globally and the pro-growth agenda in Washington which boosted financial markets and investor sentiment. As I reflect on last year, we remain focused on what sets us apart providing a top quality experience to clients and advisors supported by strong solutions what we executed and invested in our strategy for long term value creation. We delivered strong results across the firm, with excellent momentum and returns in Advice & Wealth Management. Assets under management and administration reached a new high of $897 billion up 14% driven by continued strength in Ameriprise client flows and equity market appreciation. As you saw, while we took a one time charge in the quarter for the new tax act, we expect the ongoing benefits from tax reform to be positive. The lower corporate rate will provide additional opportunities for further free cash and capital generation, which we’ll further invest in the business while generating a good shareholder return. Regarding our operating numbers, excluding the tax impact we highlighted, we reached new highs on many metrics. Both earnings and earnings per share grew significantly from a year ago. Earnings were $502 million, up 13% and earnings per diluted share were $3.26 a 19% increase. When we look at full-year operating results, Ameriprise achieved a new record, earnings were $1.9 billion up 35% with earnings per share of $12.27, a 45% increase. In addition, we achieved a new high return on equity at 32.3% which is one of the best returns in financial services. Very few financial services companies are generating this level of hourly and capital return. And Ameriprise has consistently grown these measures at a meaningful rate. In 2017, we continued our growth investments and excellent expense management discipline and at the same time maintain our strong financial foundation. And consistent with our long-term strategy, we grew our lower capital fee-based businesses of wealth management and asset management to be 73% of our total operating earnings for the quarter, complemented by our protection and annuity businesses. Let’s move to the businesses. Our Advice & Wealth Management business is powerful and growing. The consumer opportunity around the need for advice is increasing. Ameriprise is one of the largest providers in the industry and we are very well situated with our leadership position and an advice value proposition. Recently, I met with our field leadership team to kick off the year and reminded them how a year ago our industry was facing a great deal of uncertainty with the Department of Labor role. Ameriprise devoted considerable time and resources to ensure we were well prepared. We kept our advisors focused on serving clients and running and growing their practices while managing significant regulatory changes. The way we work with and support our advisors, reflects the strength of our culture and why Ameriprise is so attractive in the industry. Moving to some of the key metrics for the quarter, Ameriprise retail client assets grew by 17% to $560 billion as we continue to serve more clients including more affluent clients and deepen our relationships with them. We brought in good client flows and our wrap net inflows grew 51% to $5 billion for the quarter. As a result, we continue to grow productivity nicely with operating total net revenue per financial advisor increasing 15% year-over-year, adjusting for net 12b-1 fee impacts. As a result of our consistent investments and the support we provide our advisors, we help them grow at a higher rate than the industry competitors over the longer term. With good growth and productivity as well as our expense discipline, we expand the pretax operating margins in AWM significantly to 22% in the fourth quarter, and if you look at the full-year, margins grew 300 basis points to 21.1% for the full-year. It also was another strong quarter for recruiting with 99 high quality advisors joining the firm, in fact it was one of our best quarters in terms of quality and quantity of advisor recruits, and we continue to see larger size practices joining Ameriprise. There are changes occurring in the recruiting landscape, but I believe we well situated to continue to attract good advisors who appreciate our advice value proposition and client centric culture. These are important differentiators and key to a strong reputation in the industry. In addition, we earned a number of important accolades in 2017. Number one in customer service, number one in forgiveness, number two in trust, a top performer in serving clients best interest and we also ranked first for the likelihood to recommend the firm to friends or colleague. And recently Ameriprise ranked number one for customer loyalty in the investment industry in the 2017 Temkin Index. We’re going to continue to tell our story through our integrated TV, digital and social media platform and we picked up 2018 with new ads for Our Be Brilliant and we’ll continue to invest in our brand and marketing including in our digital experience to provide clients with increased capabilities and security. As we move forward, our wealth management business is situated well. We’re building off an excellent year and started 2018 in a favorable position. We know that the experience and the advice value proposition we provide to clients creates confidence in its industry leading and we want to help more consumers experience it. Let’s move to annuities and protection. We continue to serve our clients long-term financial security needs through our annuity and protection offerings. These are solid books that we manage well. Total annuity and our VUL/UL insurance balances were up due to equity market appreciation. Variable annuity sales overall have been at a slower pace consistent with the industry and essentially flat last year, however we continuing to see a nice pickup in sales of annuities without living benefits up 18% from a year ago. And on the Life side, fourth quarter sales continue to show improvement over previous quarters particularly in IUL sales. We continue to help advisors provide these important solutions to clients from using data analytics to improve insurance underwriting, to implementing new digital and e-capabilities. In terms of the quarter, RiverSource launched our first Fixed Index annuity, which is a long-term retirement savings vehicle that can add stability to client’s retirement portfolios. Overall, we are focused on maintaining strong books of business in 2018. In Auto and Home, our changes are taking hold and we’re seeing good progress and results. We remain focused on increasing rates and enhancing segmentation and what discipline underwriting, enhanced reinsurance coverage to mitigate property cat risk and improving claims management. Unfortunately, like the industry we are impacted by higher cat losses in the quarter on the wildfires in California. Overall, aside from those cat losses, we’re seeing improvement in the underline loss development trends and that’s starting to be reflected in our financial results and reserve position. In asset management, we are generating good financial returns in managing and involving operating environment as we benefit from positive markets and our expense discipline. Regarding the business we are focused on executing our near-term plans while positioning the firm to compete globally over the long-term. Assets under management were up 9% to nearly $500 billion, and we are generating competitive financial results in the quarter. Operating earnings were up 27% and the adjusted margin increased to more than 39%, this includes a strong quarter for performance fees and CLO unwinds. In terms of the quarter, I’ll start with investment performance. We continue to generate consistent competitive performance with about 70% of our funds, equities, fixed income and asset allocation above [Indiscernible] or benchmarks for one, three and five year timeframes. We’ve delivered strong results in North America across domestic and international equities as well as taxable and tax exempt fixed income. This performance is reflected in our strong line up of 114 four-and five-star Morningstar-rated funds globally. We’ve also earned more than 50 investment awards around the world including terrific recognition as multi-asset manager of the year in the U.K. On the product front, we continue to focus on our strategic products that are in high demand categories, and align with investor needs. We’re also aiding products where we see opportunities that include our multi-asset solutions business where we are generating solid flows in our adaptive risk and diversify real return strategies in the U.S. and the U.K. We continue to build upon these capabilities. We recently launched the Columbia adaptive retirement series, a unique product for the defined contribution market that incorporates our adaptive risk capability. Another key priority is increase in Columbia Threadneedle’s brand awareness. We’ve had a good response to our ongoing advertising campaign centered on consistency. That included launching new ads on CNBC, awareness is up in our key regions and we are pleased with the results so far. As part of this work, we are investing to strengthen our online presence. We were recently recognized in the U.S. as a digital leader in asset management for a website and social media channels, and how they help advisors create solutions and achieve investor goals. And we continue to execute our multiyear project to move from regional operating platforms to a truly global front middle and back office operating platform. We make good progress in 2017 and once completed, we will strengthen our operating capabilities considerably, improve flexibility and our ability to offer customized solutions and increase efficiency. And on the regulatory front we are managing a significant change of gender including MiFID II and preparing for Brexit. In terms of flows, total net inflows were $2.4 billion including reinvest in dividends and the Limestone acquisition. In U.S. retail, overall we were net inflows of 3.8 billion including reinvested dividends. We experienced a more normal level of outflows at U.S. Trust given the characteristics of the legacy book. I know fourth quarter mutual fund net sales in VD and IAD channels improved by about $2 billion reflecting progress in our segmentation strategy and enhance business intelligence tools. We are making progress however with the move to passive there’s more work. In the U.K. and Europe retail, we had another good quarter for both gross and net sales, with net inflows of about 500 million. It was the third consecutive quarter of net inflows in the U.K. Europe. And in institutional, we had approximately 1.8 billion of former parent related outflows. In third party, we experienced elevated outflows of 4.3 billion which were very low fee fixed income mandates that had a weighted average fee rate of only four basis points. And we completed the acquisition of Limestone investments which complements our strength in U.K. property and added $5.4 billion in assets. I would note that we’ll remain in that outflows, particularly low fee third-party institutional former parent assets, our revenues and the fee rate overall for the business are up year-over-year reflecting the mix of assets we manage. Overall, we are positioning the business for the long-term to deliver for clients and generate good returns. In closing, Ameriprise had a strong quarter and an excellent year. We continue to be recognized for the way we work together, as well as for our community involvement. In 2017, Ameriprise received 100% rating on the corporate equality Index and we’ve earned this for the last 12 years. We’re again recognized as a best place to work. In the U.K. Columbia Threadneedle was named employer of the year at the women and finance awards. In addition, we were again named the military friendly employer for the fourth year in a row, and the foundation for all of this our employees and advisors, our engagement with them is industry-leading, as it’s been for many years. The strength of the Ameriprise culture is essential to how well-positioned we are to continue to deliver long-term value to clients and all our stakeholders. Now Walter will cover the financials, and I’ll be back to take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you Jim. Ameriprise results in the quarter and in the year demonstrated significant progress in obtaining our long-term shareholder objectives with strong growth in revenue, EPS, and return-on-equity. I will go through the results in detail on the following pages. Moving to slide six, overall revenue growth was strong, up 10% in the quarter driven by Advice & Wealth Management Asset Management. Strong growth in client assets, particularly in wrap accounts and market appreciation drove substantial 17% topline growth in AWM. Asset Management revenue was up 8% from markets, performance fees in our hedge funds, and U.K. property funds and the unwinding of two CLO’s. Annuities in life and health insurance revenues were relatively flat consistent with prior trends. In the auto and home business revenues declined 7% due to the additional reinsurance arrangements established in 2017. On slide seven, Ameriprise reported operating EPS was $1.18 including the tax re-measurement impact. Adjusting for the tax item, EPS was $3.26 up 19% from last year. This was fuelled by our strong growth businesses where AWM and Asset Management earnings were up 28% and 27%. G&A expenses were up 6% adjusting for the timing of accruals for performance-based compensation, including asset management performance fees and foreign exchange translation, G&A was essentially flat, expense discipline remains the focus as we move into 2018. We returned more than 1.8 billion to shareholders via buybacks and dividends as well as closing on two acquisitions in our growth businesses. Capital return was slower in the second half of the year as we would expect giving the share price appreciation. Let’s turn to AWM on slide eight, Advice & Wealth Management delivered an outstanding quarter and a year. Revenues were up 17% driven by strong rap net inflows, improve transactional activity levels and market appreciation. Expense growth was driven by higher distribution related expenses; G&A was elevated from the timing of performance-based compensation and the on-boarding of IPI. Adjusting for these items, G&A was up 5% year-over-year based upon continued investment for growth and volume related items. Going forward, we will be consistent and prudently manage expenses relative to the level of revenue growth AWM had substantial earnings growth and margin expansion in the quarter and for the full year. The margin in the quarter was up 270 basis points to 22% and up 300 basis points to 21.1% for the full year. Let’s turn to page nine, asset management financial performance remained very strong. Revenues were up 8% from strong market appreciation as well as performance fees and the unwinding of two CLO’s in the period, in addition, the fee rate increase reflecting our mix of business. The CLO business provided good revenue and earnings benefit in 2017 as a number of deals unwound. We anticipate fewer deals to unwind in 2018. Expenses continue to be prudently managed due to the timing of performance related compensation that I previously mentioned and foreign exchange translation. G&A was up 8% year-over-years excluding those items G&A would be up only 1%. We delivered a 39% margin in the quarter supported by the strong performance fees in CLO’s. We continue to expect the margin to be in the 35% to 39% range in the near-term. Let’s turn to annuities on slide 10. The annuity segment benefited from strong markets in 2017. Pretax operating earnings were up 17% year-over-year. Variable annuities earnings growth was 25% from strong equity markets with fixed annuities earnings being down to 14 million as expected. Variable annuities continue to be in outflows, similar to the industry and the trends we’ve seen over the past year. We’ve seen an uptick in sales of a variable annuities product without living benefits. Our non-living benefit product now comprises about a third of our sales up from 29% of sales last year. The quality of our VA book is excellent. Our net amount at risk is exceptionally low relative to the industry. As a percent of account value it is only 0.3% with living benefits and 0.1% with death benefits. Fixed annuities pretax operating earnings declined $6 million as lapses in interest rates continue to impact results as expected. Turning to Protection on slide 11, Life & Health pretax operating earnings improved 16%. Overall claims experience is in line with expected ranges, though disability claims came in favorable to last year. Interest rates continue to pressure earnings, however the portfolio is positioned well to benefit when interest rates rise. In the auto and home business, pretax operating results in the quarter were impacted by elevated cat losses of 38 million as well as the contractual reinstatement premium on our reinsurance program. The prior year benefited from a $12 million reserve lease and lower cat losses. On an underlying basis, auto and home earnings were up from last year. Let’s turn to slide 12; we are continuing to grow our Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses at a faster pace than insurance and annuities. Advice & Wealth Management made up nearly 45% of the earnings in the quarter. Combined with asset management the fee-based business is made up 70% of our earnings for the full year and 73% for the fourth quarter. This mix shift supports our strong free cash flow generation. Let's turn to slide 13. As we announced early in January, Ameriprise had a one-time primarily non-cash impact in the fourth quarter related to the Tax Cut and Job Act of $320 million. This charge was related to the re-measurement of net deferred tax assets, repatriation tax and lower future tax benefits from low income housing assets. On a statutory basis this impacted our RBC ratio by about 40 percentage points, but the ratio remains quite strong at about 435%. We expect RBC to improve as we move through 2018. Going forward, tax reform will be advantageous to Ameriprise. We estimate our ongoing effective tax rate to be between 17% to 19%, driving an improvement in our cash flow generation particularly in AWM and asset management. Within two years we expect to earn back the charge taken in the fourth quarter. Turning to slide 14, Ameriprise’s balance sheet quality, cash flow generation and capital return remain very strong. Ameriprise’s capital position remains strong with $1.3 billion of excess capital reflecting the impact of tax reform. In the year, we returned about $1.8 billion of capital to shareholders, which was 96% of our operating earnings. As we move through 2017 our share price appreciated substantially. We lowered our share repurchase levels and allocated some of those resources to acquisitions. With that, we’ll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to start with free cash flow on our post-tax reform basis, can you help us think through sort of what the annual pace of free cash flow generation is after the effective tax reform?
Walter Berman: Yes. I guess, the easiest way to think it from my standpoint is, we’ve talked about it this particular environment situation that were generating 85%, 90% free cash flow. At this stage you could assume that that will go up by somewhere between 150 million and 200 million. I know I’m giving you a percentage versus that, but it’s the best way to think about because it will fall pretty at that level into the free cash flow category. Again assuming the mix of businesses and things don’t change, just coming from the Tax Reform Act.
Suneet Kamath: Right. So take whatever our estimate is for earnings on a post-tax reform basis applied at 85% to 90% and then you’re saying add 150 million to 200 million on top of that?
Walter Berman: Yes. That’s a fair way and we’ll be refining as we go through, but it’s a good measure to go through.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, fine. And then as you think about tax reform just from a business perspective, do you expect to retain the benefits of the lower tax rate i.e. you have them fall to the bottom line or you expecting some potential offset either in terms of pricing or additional investment in the business?
Walter Berman: We will continue to look at opportunities for continued investment as we have and we modulate that appropriately, so we would say that some of that we would like to continue to invest – continue to invest as we do with the other aspects of our free cash flow and some of that will be return as well. So -- and return as you saw last year we did some small acquisitions, so we think that would also be a way that utilizes some of the cash that we’re generating.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And just my last is just on the advice and wealth management business. In the past you’ve talk about the reasons why you exited the bank largely due to regulatory concerns and with some of the deregulation that's going on across financial services, are you contemplating or considering getting back into that business?
Walter Berman: I think we are certainly evaluating that. And I think your observations are good ones.
Suneet Kamath: Hey, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. With several large firms now pulling out of the broker protocol, can you talk about how you see that impacting recruiting for Ameriprise going forward?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. We feel very good about the value proposition we have and our ability to track advisors. We tracked advisors not just from the protocol firms. Today we tracked them from firms that weren't in the protocol as well. And we have a good process in place. So we feel very good about our ability to continue to recruit appropriately if advisors are interested in joining us. We are in the protocol and so we’re remaining in. And so from that perspective we’ll continue to recruit in the marketplace and we feel that our value proposition is strong.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then sticking with AWM, can you us, I know expenses were somewhat elevated in the quarter for comp and performance related reasons. Can you help us think about what we should expect for G&A expense growth in AWM in 2018?
Walter Berman: I would say, if you -- as we go through, again, we’re going to be looking to invest for growth. But I would say on normalize patterns it certainly tie to our revenue growth and growth in revenue, but getting back into three to five range and staying in that range, because we will be investing in the business and obviously there is volume associate expenses. But it will be correlated to what the revenue growth is.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey. Good morning everybody. Couple of questions for you guys around the De Young [ph] business. I guest first around recruitment, if I look at the quarter I guess you guys highlighted 99 new recruits for the year looks by a numbers over 360 or something like that. That’s a very strong year. Can you guys remind us kind of what the productivity of these new recruits stand today versus kind like their run rate once all the assets that are transition over to you guys? And then I have a follow-up.
James Cracchiolo: Well, the new recruits coming in, our average productivity on them are actually pretty strong. They are actually above the average across our system right now, particularly in the employee channel. So that was quite good. But as I said, it does take up to three years for ramp-up, some sooner than others. But the nature on averages it takes two to three years for them to ramp up to their productivity. And so as an example if you look at our AAG platform which is the employee platform, you can see it more because the number of recruits there a bit higher against the base, but the productivity of the channel has grown nicely and so has the margins in that channel.
Alex Blostein: Right. You kind of hit on the second part of my question there; so if I look at the retention in the employee channel that improve nicely as well. So I guess should we think of that as a sign that you guys are sort of getting closer to the end of kind of phasing out lower producers and in other words that that net number in the employee headcount should start to kind of creep higher and grow from here versus you guys had really good recruiting but then some lower producers were leaving, so we are in a little bit more of a steady-state now?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I think overall as you think about the core of the AAG business that is correct. We do and have added the IPI channel which is a new channel that were still going through an integration of or will over the course of the year, so that's an aside. But as a core of the AAG the answer is yes.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Thanks for that. And then I guess separately just want to go back to the capital discussion for a second. I hear you on reinvesting some, but I guess if we think about the return of capital on a pro forma for tax reforms, kind of higher earnings base, is 90% to 100% payout, still what you guys are shooting for and the mix between kind of dividends and buybacks?
Walter Berman: Yes. Alex. That is still the guidance from that standpoint to 90% to 100%, again circumstance driven, but that's where we said that we would target.
Alex Blostein: Understand. Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. In asset management in the press release you talk about the average fee rates for those $4.3 billion of redemptions were kind of around four basis points, which is pretty helpful. But what about the average fee rates that you’re collecting on the inflows that you're getting, and how is that compare to the outflows?
Walter Berman: Well, overall our fee base on the rate basis points, I’d say 2017 over 2016 is actually up, it's a combination of mix, some of the assets that we've added but also overall the assets that we managed or retain, which we do have a good portion, a good thing in equity. We did lose a bit more in the fixed income side in net flow picture which has very low basis points for some of those institutional and parent activities. So that's really the balancing. The flow picture that we bring in from the new flows actually have good rates to them including in the institutional side of the business. So we still feel very good about the total that we’re managing and echoes both domestically but also internationally. We’re bringing in some good retail asset net inflows in the international marketplace as well as good fees.
Humphrey Lee: I think if you look at the overall average fee rates for asset management is probably around 52 to 53 basis points, which is say that the new business that you’re bringing in would be higher than that or in line with that?
Walter Berman: It’s Walter. It’s a tad lower but it's -- if you take a look at the inflow versus the outflow for your question, the inflow basis points are about 15% higher than the outflow as we look over the quarter and looked over the 2017.
James Cracchiolo: And remember it's a combination of institutional and retail asset, so that's in OpEx.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. And then, staying with asset management, so you are going through the platform consolidation that was started in 2017 and my understanding is it’s probably complete in 2018. And looking at your expenses you seems to be getting pretty good results from the consolidation in terms of expenses which is pretty much flat for the full year and at the most in large part. And my understanding is some of the benefits would have yet to come through in 2018. So how should we think about the potential efficiency gains that you can generate from the platform consolidation in 2018?
Walter Berman: Sure. It’s Walter. We will generate some efficiency gains, but also we’ll be incurring expenses as it relates -- relates to Brexit, relates to the every elements. And the benefits that we will start garnering with the capabilities that we have in this conversion is really ability and to offer products across the global aspects of this and the consistency on the risk management and you have a capabilities. So it's going to give us those capabilities. But we will get some dollars savings, but it’s not going to be the main focus of it, because we’ve we picked up some already and we will be spending money on new initiatives. But it certainly the capabilities that gives us is going to be vastly beyond the dollar saving.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mewhirter from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Doug Mewhirter: Hi. Good morning. First question on message to – do you have – it’s a better idea of what the impact to your G&A expenses would be for your European operations. I know it’s very – from the other side of the table I know it's been a very complicated process. So I was just wondering if you sort of narrow that down at all as to what the impact would be?
Walter Berman: Yes. We've gone through an extensive process and obviously looking at the level of research and how to reengineer. So I would say that we bought the cost a bit down and still maintain servicing capabilities that were associated with it. So it should not be a major event for us in 2018, obviously where there’ll be some of the course, but we have really reengineered those cost of levels that we can manage.
Doug Mewhirter: Okay. Thanks for that. And my second and final question maybe for Walter. What was that the dollar contribution from the CLO unwind in the fourth quarter?
Walter Berman: From CLO, the total was 32; it’s around 16 [ph] or 60 [ph].
Doug Mewhirter: $16 [ph] million.
Walter Berman: Yes.
Doug Mewhirter: Okay. Thank you.
Walter Berman: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Good morning. Last year you did two what I call bolt-on deals. How does the pipeline look for 2018 and if you do deals, were they’ll be sort of that similar size?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. We’re continuing to look at opportunities that still up in the marketplace or that we think would be of interest to us appropriately. As you know that ones you look at and ones that you can actually do appropriately that make sense. So we're constantly looking at that and will to 2018, we think the marketplace is open in that sense and things will come out this year. So it is something that we have as part of our plans. But there will be small acquisitions along those lines, but ones that we can bolt-on.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And then in advice and wealth management I know you don't give the exact data, but would you say your net new business in 2017 is that doing better than we saw say in 2015 and 2016?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. The answer is yes. We’ve had very good strong client activity, new client activity and flows in even where the money being deployed our cash balances are still very consistently high from the new cash flow coming in. So we feel very good about that business. And our advisors are actually generating even nicer increase productivity. And we’re actually going to do a bit more and helping the advisors grows this year. Now that we’re not concentrating on the DOL activities and we’re investing both in technology as well as in a capability over the course of the year to even bring our client experience to life even more so, our advice experience, the digital advice tools that we’re going to put into our advisors hands. So we feel very good. And some of the things Walter said is investment it's in some good technology including and some of our contact activities and engagement activities for clients. So over the course of the year we’re continuing to really deploy and invest in better capabilities to help our advisors even be more engaged.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And just one detail question. If you haven’t said, what is the dollar amount of the performance fees and asset management for the quarter?
Walter Berman: Dollar amount performance fees, well, I gave you PTI, I don’t if I have them. I’ll get back. I don’t to guess, but the…
Adam Klauber: Well, the PTI impact…
Walter Berman: The PTI impact, I gave you is a six and then had to go through the compensation. That was performance fees then you have the CLOS, the total is 32.
Adam Klauber: 32.
Walter Berman: Total is 32 for CLOs and for – what you call again, for performance fees to property, but the breakdown how much was in the revenue and how much was so on the expense side, I just don’t have that in front of me.
Adam Klauber: Okay.
Walter Berman: But I’ll get it before I’ll out.
Adam Klauber: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Walter, the decline in excess capital of 400 million, was that all RBC tax reform driven? And does that imply that you’re not changing your RBC target despite the fact that there’s kind of been mechanical change in RBC. Can you describe what drove the $400 million decline?
Walter Berman: Sure. The answer to your question yes, it is driven by the tax reform. The answer to the second part of the question is the RBC and the effectiveness and the required RBC is driven by the rating agencies. To the best of my knowledge I have not given us any guidance that they will be changing what their required RBC will be. And we have the ability and will be building back your RBC as we go through the year.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And then just on the long-term care in the runoff corporate operation, the loss of around 13 million, that's the highest loss you’ve had. I think as far back as I can see. And I know you guys called out clean severity and then it normalized in December. But how should we think about your comfort in reserves just given, I mean you had GE take a very large charge in the market for the same type of business. But can you talk a little bit about your comfort in that exposure?
James Cracchiolo: Sure. Before I go there I just want to say that 435 RBC that we reported actually is above the standard. So we're starting at a good place from that standpoint. As relates to the – you’re saying is the loss 13, that was a PTI loss. That was not claims. That was not all claims. The majority I would say about only 30%, 40% was claims and that related to basically experience of having new claims come in and cohorts that were higher than on daily payouts and we book it. We do not believe that will change. Our active reserve adequacy as we look at and we did extensive analysis and that trend line has now subsequently changed. The other parts of it, we had around $4 million to $5 million loss in LTC which is normal. We have that. And then the other part was really, we had to do with timing issue that we looking at transfers and some lapsing that we didn’t pick up the exact amount. But again it is -- we feel extremely comfortable with reserves. It's gone through extensive reviews and certainly we feel that they are adequate and we constantly monitor.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. First, I had one follow-up on taxes and just wondering if you expect the lower tax rate to have any impact on pricing or fee rates and neither the advice & wealth management or asset management businesses?
Walter Berman: No. We personally look at the marketplace competitively, in asset management we make adjustments in fee levels appropriately based on whether it's institutional or retail in certain activities, but we’ve been doing that on an ongoing basis, not necessarily or will be driven by the tax rate. And in AWM as well, it's based on client level of activity and value and appropriate for the adviser to decide for the activities with their clients and nothing is going to be holistically driven by the tax rate.
Erik Bass: Got it. So you’re not seeing any competitive pressures with people becoming more aggressive on pricing as a result of the tax benefit gains?
Walter Berman: Not at this point.
Erik Bass: Okay. And then can you also update us on what you're seeing in terms of the competitive dynamics around cash fees and I guess what you're anticipating in terms of the benefit from additional rate hikes that we may get in 2018?
Walter Berman: Yes. We have seen – over the year there’s been some increase and certainly we follow that because we’re coming of a very low base, but it's been much less than we originally would've anticipate in the beginning of the year. So we are seeing competitors are being fairly consistent and we’re certainly observing, but at this stage it's very tough to gauge the exact amount that will be proportionally to us and to shareholder based upon the situation. So we will remain competitive and we are competitive and so will have to gauge. But I imagine we would -- the percent would increase if we -- that's what I would think and we'll have to gauge the competitive reactions.
Erik Bass: Got it. So you still expect to be able to retain at least some of the benefit of additional rate hikes?
Walter Berman: Absolutely. And we believe that is what the trend line is, yes, some.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Lee: Thanks for taking my question. Just looking at the wrap flows, it was a very strong annualized organic growth in the quarter. What would you highlight as particular drivers for the recent strength inflows, more specific I'm just wondering how much could be driven by potential shifts from my commission-based accounts? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Yes. So over the course of the year, but over the course of the last number of years there's been a shift from commission-based business to fee-based accounts and that's definitely included for the fourth quarter, but we also seen greater inflow of client activity that has been going to the fee-based business. And so as their advisors continue to look at doing business that way – more of the flows will continue to go into that area. We still saw a very good transactional activity in the fourth quarter, so we didn’t see it as just a shift, we saw it as more client activity with a piece going to commission base, but more so on the trend line to the advised based, fee based business.
Kenneth Lee: Great. And just more quick one. Just in terms of the asset management assets under management, could you just remind us how much of that AUM is more general account versus I guess I would call that more third party AUM? Thanks.\
James Cracchiolo: Yes. The Asset Management, how much is general account?
Walter Berman: General account is around $35 billion to $40 billion.
Kenneth Lee: Got you. Okay, great thank you very much.
James Cracchiolo: And we have an answer on the question on performance fees. The revenue is 34 billion and the PTI is 16.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Barnidge from Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you. A couple of questions. There is a lot of catastrophe loss activity in 4Q and generally in 2017 in the industry. Can you talk about your pricing power as a result and then I have one follow up.
Walter Berman: When you say pricing power, the ability to raise our premiums because of it, is that what you...
John Barnidge: Yes.
Walter Berman: It’s again dealing with cat losses, you have to demonstrate it then non-anomalous and that because they are it’s very tough to pass rate. We have courage; it was really the unique nature of the California fires two of them. The first one of course being the most damaging. That basically, we ate the larger portion on that and it’s – so we will evaluate and the team is evaluating what aspects will be then put into pricing and then obviously we have to be competitive, and ensure and pass through the years state filters, but certainly it will be evaluating if it is part of the regular trend line and is incorporated we will stop pricing for it.
John Barnidge: And then there have been a lot of press reports about the California Insurance Commissioner possibly pressuring rate for property insurers in light of tax reform so that the corporate reduction is passed completely along the policy holders. Is there any commentary you have about that?
James Cracchiolo: No, that one I don’t, I really do not. I don’t want to have to figure out myself, if you don’t mind.
John Barnidge: No, that’s fine. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations James Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Walter Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Erik Bass - Autonomous Research John Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill Kenneth Lee - RBC Capital Markets Doug Mewhirter - SunTrust Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. My name is Jason, and I will be your operator. [Operator Instructions] Also please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's third quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. On slide two of the earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our third quarter 2017 earnings release, our 2016 annual report to shareholders, and our 2016 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. Turning to slide three, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the third quarter. Below that, you see our operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Additionally, we completed our annual non-cash unlocking in the third quarter. We have included operating results excluding unlocking for transparency as well. The comments that management makes on the call today will focus on operating results as well as results excluding unlocking. And with that I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thank you for joining today's earnings call. I'll provide my perspective on the business. Walter will follow with our detailed financial results, then we'll answer your questions. Let's begin. With favorable equity markets, low volatility and a slightly better interest rate environment, our clients continue to put their money to work. I'm pleased to share it was an excellent quarter for Ameriprise, continuing the trend we set in the first half of the year. In terms of operating numbers, excluding unlocking, we set record results. Both earnings and EPS grew significantly from a year ago. Earnings were $484 million, up 27%, and EPS of $3.12 represented a 36% increase. We also achieved a new high for return on equity at nearly 30%, which is one of the strongest returns in financial services. And assets under management and administration also reached a new high of $869 billion, up 9%. We continue to grow our lower capital fee-based businesses of wealth management and asset management to be a larger part of the overall company, complemented by our protection and annuity businesses. From an overall company perspective, I feel very good about Ameriprise. We continue to set ourselves apart by the way we work with our clients. We're growing assets, serving more clients and delivering strong returns. Let's move to our Advice & Wealth Management business, where we had an outstanding quarter. Ameriprise is a leader in advice. The importance of what we do for our clients and how we do it continues to differentiate us in the industry. We're rated number one in customer service, number one in forgiveness, number two in trust, a top performer in serving clients' best interests, and we're also ranked first for likelihood to recommend the firm to friends or colleagues. And we're very focused on helping our advisors serve clients well, and build even stronger practices. And we believe there remains a tremendous opportunity ahead for our business. The need for advice is significant and continues to grow. Our target market has increased significantly, and the largest wealth transfer in U.S. history will take place in the coming years. That's where we're focused. And we're seeing the results. Client assets grew significantly in the quarter. In fact, Ameriprise client assets increased 13% to $539 billion, a new record. Net inflows into our fee-based investment advisory accounts were $6.1 billion, another all-time high. Inflows more than doubled what we brought in a year ago, and this is our sixth consecutive quarter of increasing growth in wrap net inflows. We're also acquiring new clients both organically and from our recruiting efforts. We're bringing in more clients in the $500,000-plus market, which is great complement to the mass affluent segment that we long served. Advisor productivity also reached a new high in the quarter. Normalized for the net impact of transitioning advisory accounts to share classes without 12b-1 fees and IPI, productivity was up 14% on a quarterly basis. Reflecting on our position in the marketplace, the Ameriprise brand is very strong and differentiated. In fact, just last month brand awareness reached a new all-time high. Our Be Brilliant advertising continues to tell the Ameriprise story in the marketplace through our integrated TV, digital, and social media approach. Our advisors embody our brand. We had tremendous growth in the number of Ameriprise advisors recognized for their excellent client service and successful practices in the top publications like Barron's, Financial Times, Forbes as well as Working Mother magazine. Ameriprise is an attractive destination for productive advisors and recruiting is another strength for us. Another 88 experienced advisors joined in the quarter. These advisors are from wire houses, regionals and independents, and on average they are more productive than advisors we recruited in 2016. We also welcomed 215 advisors from IPI, the independent broker dealer we acquired in July. I recently spent time with our top advisors and they have a lot of pride in Ameriprise, who we are, what we do and what we stand for in the marketplace. They are also pleased with the support they receive from the company and the investments that we're making for growth. We continue to invest in our brand as I've mentioned, in training and helping advisors use the tools we offer. We continue to enhance our client experience with more digital, mobile and online capabilities. We're also making goal and performance tracking easier for our advisors to do. Of course, robust information security is more critical than ever, and we have been actively communicating with clients and advisors about their security to make sure they understand the important steps they need to take and how they are protected. We invest tens of millions of dollars annually in people, processes and tools to protect our clients' information and the firm through a multi-layered approach to security. Overall it was an excellent quarter for AWM. We're focused on serving our clients' needs well, and bringing in more clients and assets as we support advisors to deliver our advice value proposition even more fully to all clients. And in an evolving regulatory environment, we remain very well prepared. We continue to provide clear direction and extensive training for our advisors so that they are well supported. I feel very good about the momentum in the business and the opportunity we have to continue our growth. Moving to insurance and annuities, these businesses contribute to our strong client satisfaction asset persistency, and they're performing as we expected given low rates and industry trends. Life insurance sales picked up in the quarter and were strong. We continue to help our advisors provide these important solutions to their clients from using data analytics to improve insurance underwriting, to implementing new digital and e-capabilities. In Annuities, variable account balances increased our market appreciation, and sales continued but at a slower pace, consistent with the industry. However, we're seeing a nice pickup in [ph] simply rather sales, which is our variable annuity product without living benefits, up 10% year to date. In auto and home, due to the focused actions we're taking, our loss ratios continue to improve as does underlying financial performance. We, like the industry, have been impacted by recent hurricanes, and we have been able to manage through them quite well, and with the reinsurance programs we put in place, we were able to significantly reduce catastrophic losses in the quarter on a net basis. In Asset Management, we're growing client assets under management and delivering strong financial results. Like others, we're managing industry pressure and the evolving regulatory environment. We're in a strong position with Columbia Threadneedle, managing $484 billion in assets under management globally, up 3%. Importantly, we continue to deliver good investment performance. We have a compelling lineup with 115 Morningstar 4- and 5-Star funds that we sell globally, and we're delivering good one, three and five year records across our range of asset classes, both in domestic and international. In terms of the business, we're focused on executing our plans and investing in areas where we see opportunity. That includes identifying and gearing our capabilities and products to help clients and advisors address important investment themes, themes like generating income, managing taxes and a changing interest rate environment as well as asset growth. And we continue to further develop our data analytics and business intelligence to enhance our distribution capabilities and execute our targeted channel strategy so that we can better understand the particular needs of distributors and help our sales team grow productively. Complementing our core product lines, we also see a long-term growth opportunity globally in the multi-asset solution space, both for individual and institutional investors. Our Columbia Adaptive Risk Allocation and Threadneedle Dynamic Real Return strategies are growing and generated about $500 million in gross sales in the quarter. As you saw, we announced the acquisition of Limestone Investments, a leading U.S. real estate investment firm with $6 billion in assets specializing in investment strategies based on proprietary analytics. This will complement our UK property business and give us a bigger presence in a growing asset class. Feedback from clients has been very good, and we're on track to close in the coming weeks. And as I mentioned previously, we continue to enhance our operations and move from separate regional operations capabilities and controls to global capabilities that will help us increase efficiency and flexibility, especially in the solutions space. In addition to the product and distribution work, another priority is to build and strengthen Columbia Threadneedle brand awareness here in the United States and internationally. We had a good response to our ongoing print and digital campaign, reinforcing our consistency positioning. Complementing the advertising, we've made many enhancements to the Columbia Threadneedle U.S. advisor website, providing additional functionality and personalization. Regarding flows, the majority of our outflows in the quarter, $3 billion of the $4.7 billion, were former parent assets. Our Zurich and U.S. Trust relationships remain strong. We typically average about $1 billion in outflows each quarter from Zurich, as we had this quarter. At U.S. Trust, outflows were a bit higher relating to the closure of two collective trusts where U.S. Trust made the decision to manage them internally. In third-party retail in the UK and Europe, we had a good quarter with net inflows of $400 million as the political environment has settled from a year ago, given the disruption of the Brexit vote. Investor sentiment has improved. In U.S. retail, we experienced outflows of about $1.5 billion, excluding former parent. We're making progress consistent with our focus on serving the largest broker dealers and wealth managers. However, the overall industry pressure on active managers remains challenging. And in third-party institutional, it was a relatively quiet quarter. We're at inflows in EMEA, however this was offset by outflows from a couple of clients, including a larger state mandate, due to a credit rebalance and CDO liquidations. Overall, the actions we're taking to drive long-term growth are the right ones, and there is more work to do. In a fluid time for the industry, there is a continued focus on the roles of active and passive, and the regulatory environment continues to evolve. As I reflect on the company overall, we have a great team at Ameriprise. I'm proud of our strong engagement results and values-based culture. During the quarter, we received the results from our annual engagement survey. Proudly, Ameriprise significantly outperformed the financial services industry for engagement, and we rate up there with the best companies in the United States across all industries. We're also consistently recognized as a best place to work. The way we work together positively influences client, employee and advisor satisfaction, which is fundamental to our success and long-term growth. Regarding the quarter, Ameriprise continues to generate very strong earnings. We have solid businesses and we continue to invest in them. We're generating one of the best returns in financial services. Very few financial services company are generating this level of return on equity. And we also continue to return to shareholders at meaningful levels. As we look forward, our client focus, financial strength, as well as our strong compliance and risk management, Ameriprise is positioned well. Now Walter will cover the financials, and I'll be back to take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered another quarter of excellent financial performance across our business segments. Top-line growth was over 6% and our operating EPS was up 36%. Advice & Wealth Management continues to be our primary growth driver, representing almost half of our total operating revenue, and over 40% of our operating earnings excluding corporate. Our other businesses have also performed well. Asset Management delivered strong earnings growth and margin expansion, and our Annuities and Protection results were consistent with what we would have expected in this market environment. Our balance sheet remains strong. We are generating strong free cash flow, which we are using to consistently return capital to shareholders and to make selective acquisition for future growth. Turning to slide six. Ameriprise delivered solid top-line performance. Ameriprise operating net revenue was up 6%, normalizing for our annual unlocking and the net impact of 12b-1 fee changes. Top line growth was driven by our wealth management business, which was up 14% from a pickup in activity levels, and strong growth in client assets. This was coupled with good growth in Asset Management revenues. Turning to slide seven, we had an excellent EPS growth of 36% to $3.12 and a record return on equity of almost 30% normalizing for unlocking. In addition to the solid revenue growth, we demonstrated good expanse discipline across the firm. G&A expenses were up 3% year over year, which was primarily driven by the timing of performance-related compensation accruals. Also, results in the quarter included the benefit of $0.16 per share from changes to share-based accounting made earlier this year. In addition, we also booked a premium deficiency reserve for long-term care that resulted from updating our morbidity assumptions which negatively impacted our EPS by $0.24. Supporting our strong operating earnings, we returned $462 million in capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase, driving excellent EPS growth and return on equity at the firm. Let's turn to slide eight. The Advice & Wealth Management business is performing extremely well, delivering very strong business metrics and financial results. Operating net revenue was $1.4 billion, up 14% in the quarter, from solid growth in wrap assets, from client inflows and market appreciation, as well as higher earnings on brokerage cash. The previously announced move to share classes that do not have 12b-1 fees for advisory accounts and other associated changes reduced revenue by a net $54 million in the quarter. The PTI and margin impact from 12b-1 fee changes remain marginal and within expectations. Expenses were up 4%, reflecting higher distribution expenses from good client asset growth and investments in recruiting experienced advisors. G&A expenses were up 5% from last year, due to the timing of performance-related compensation accruals, and the addition of IPI in the quarter. We expect G&A expenses for the full year to align with our year to date trend line. This revenue growth and expense discipline drove operating earnings up 29% to $298 million, and we delivered a consistently strong margin of 21.5%. Turning to slide nine. Asset Management generated strong profitability and margin. Operating net revenue was up 5% at $778 million from market appreciation and strong performance fees and CLO unwindings. As Jim discussed, we had outflows in the quarter and are taking action to bring in profitable flows. Our fee rate was elevated in the quarter by the timing of CLO unwindings and performance fees. Normalizing for these items, our fee rate remains stable in the 52 to 53 basis point range. We continue to maintain very competitive margins by tightly managing expenses with G&A essentially flat to last year, after normalizing for CLO and performance fee-related compensation. Pre-tax operating earnings were up 29% to $200 million. This included $8 million from performance fees and a similar benefit from the CLO unwindings in the period. Normalizing for the timing of these items, earnings grew 20% and the adjusted margin was 39%. Let's turn to Annuities on slide 10. Variable annuities pre-tax operating earnings were up 14% to $130 million excluding unlocking and mean reversion. This increase included the other benefits of 4% sequential equity market appreciation partially offset by net outflows. Variable annuity net outflows were elevated again this quarter, reflecting a decline in VA sales as well as higher lapses, both of which are in line with industry trends. In terms of the unlocking in the third quarter, we had a favorable impact of $120 million, primarily from updating market-related assumptions. On a net basis, our policyholder behavior assumptions were largely in line with our expectations. The quality of our book is excellent. Our net amount at risk is exceptionally low. As a percent of account value, it is only 0.3% with living benefits and 0.1% with death benefits. Fixed annuities earnings declined as expected to $19 million from $24 million driven by lower asset portfolio yields and decline in account balances. Turning to Protection on slide 11. Life and health earnings declined 9% to $68 million due to continued low investment portfolio yields after normalizing for unlocking. Claims experience on these products remain within expected ranges. The unlocking charge in the quarter was an unfavorable $20 million. Mortality experience improved on our book, which reduced a future benefit of our reinsurance program. Auto and home results improved $15 million from last year despite higher gross cat losses. As you are aware, we took action to establish several new reinsurance arrangements to reduce net cat exposure this year. Despite the severe weather experienced in the third quarter, our net cat losses were actually lower than the prior year. We are pleased with the continued progress in our underlying loss performance. Our non-cat auto loss ratio improved 5 points and our non-cat home loss ratio improved 4 points. Many of the policy and pricing changes are still rolling through our books, which will support continued improvement in these trends. On slide 12, you can see that Ameriprise continues to make progress, shifting its business mix to less capital-intense businesses. Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management made up 68% of Ameriprise's pre-tax operating earnings. We anticipate that this shift will continue and reach 75% over the next couple of years. It is an important aspect of our continued capital return story. You'll see on slide 13 that our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong with excess capital at $1.7 billion and an estimated RBC ratio of approximately 475%. We returned $462 million of capital to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of 2.3 million shares in the quarter. Additionally, we are deploying capital through selective acquisition to drive future growth. We continue to target returning 90% to 100% of operating earnings to shareholders as a baseline. For the year, we are running above that level. But as we did this quarter, we will remain optimistic and adjust as we assess market conditions, other uses of capital and our valuation. And with that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: Great, thanks. Good morning. Walter, I'm hoping you can provide a little more detail about the long-term care reserve charge. I think investors, when it comes to long-term care, are concerned that any charges could just be the tip of the iceberg. So anything you can share with us with regards to the nature of the charge that would allay that concern would be helpful.
Walter Berman: Sure. Basically during the quarter, we basically assessed that the active claims were increasing, and we, the actuaries basically analyzed it, and we took a level of reserves that we felt was appropriate to basically deal with the experience we're seeing. Again, the experience we're seeing is in younger vintages coming in and we just basically prudently booked the amount of money that we felt was appropriate.
Nigel Dally: Okay. Helpful. And then second, on advice, clearly very strong increases in the level of activity in wrap flows. I know market conditions were favorable, but with also some positive impact from the delay of the fiduciary standards, I know it's impossible to quantify, but do you think, in your views, that was perhaps a factor helping your results as well?
Walter Berman: Nigel could you repeat that? I'm sorry. You broke up a little.
Nigel Dally: Sure, just the activity that we've seen in advice, clearly very strong. Was that in part a reflection of the delay of the fiduciary standards?
James Cracchiolo: No. This is Jim. We're continuing to see our advisors get back focused on their businesses and books, and we had implemented a lot of the changes necessary due to the fiduciary standard that was put in place in June. There's still more activity underway there, but people are back focused on serving their clients and getting back to activity. And so we feel that it's getting back to more normalized focus that we had.
Nigel Dally: That's great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, good morning everybody. So, Jim, I wanted to follow up on a point you made in your prepared remarks just related to largest wealth transfer from the next several years, obviously from baby boomers to millennials. Can you spend a minute, I guess, on like how are you guys positioning Ameriprise to make sure you retain these assets and perhaps capture an incremental share of wallet? And I guess as a follow-up to that, what are you guys doing with respect to potentially segmenting your customer base for more of a full advice versus a digital offering, versus come form of a combination of the two and a kind of a hybrid offering?
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. So there are two aspects very clearly that we have our advisors focused on. One is as there is a transition of wealth to retirement, and how do they actually develop appropriate levels of income checks for their clients over time, our advisors are very much focused on helping the client do that transition and ensure that they can live successfully 30 years in retirement or more. With that, we use our Confident Retirement approaches, which is having tremendous success in looking at the client's complete life. In addition, we're also focused on the people continuing to accumulate and not necessarily ready for that transition, but starting to prepare themselves for the ultimate retirement, and therefore our Wealth Builder approach is also having a nice effect there in focusing our advisors on the asset accumulation, which is really the core of what the old IDS company used to do. And so we're getting back a little more to our roots there. Regarding digital versus non-digital or robo, what we find for our clients – and this is millennials, this is generation X, this is baby boomers – that people want to be served fully, but they want to be served when, where and how they would like. So therefore, the enablement of the digital capabilities to our personal advice relationships is the way we're proceeding. We're enhancing our websites, the mobile capabilities, the ability for our advisors to serve their client through secured messaging and Skyping and various other methods by which they can be in constant contact to their clients. Now, it doesn't mean that we won't further digitally automate. So right now we're working on digital advice, in which case the advisor with the client could even do more things more fully digital, or even through our AAC or remote operations, work digitally with the clients in a more self-serve environment. So those things are underway, but what we find is across our house, if we can digitally enable our activities even more fully with our advisors, that's the way for us to go with our clients.
Alexander Blostein: Got it, that's helpful. And that actually feeds into my next question around just the investing G&A and the margins. So Walter, for you, I guess spend a minute on the operating margin expansion opportunities at AWM. From here, clearly very strong recruiting dynamic, organic growth is very good. But I'm just kind of trying to dissect what the incremental operating margin expansion would be from here assuming kind of like flat market, flat rates, just trying to get a better sense of operating leverage on the organic basis from the kind of current 21%-ish pre-tax margin in the segment. Thanks.
Walter Berman: Okay, so with your restrictions, I'll try and answer that. We do have productivity capability both from the vintaging and certainly based upon the years and the basic legacy advisors. As Jim indicated, we are certainly penetrating our client base, so I certainly feel that will expand, and also our management of expenses prudently and investing on that will give us the opportunity to certainly increase under your condition sets. I do believe we have that capability. Jim, I don't know if you want to add something.
James Cracchiolo: No, I think I'm.
Alexander Blostein: Okay. Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. First off, very nice results, knocking it out of the park. Just to follow up on Alex's question earlier in terms of A&WM, definitely margin continue to be strong. And I hear it's loud and clear in terms of the productivity and the expense management. But looking at some, comparing to some of your peers, like their operating margins are in the mid to high 20s, so kind of structurally speaking, any reason why Ameriprise can't get to a similar level at some point? So any kind of potential levers that would get you there?
Walter Berman: Yeah, so I think when you look at the various margins, I think they do vary. What you're probably referencing, I think the largest wire houses are in the mid 20s. They incorporate, in my understanding, at least from the work that we've seen, incorporate a number of activities, including a lot more on the banking and the lending activities that they do in their client base. And that really has boosted their margins. I think on a relative margin basis, ours are very competitive to their wealth management activities in that regard. In regard to us versus, or the independents, which we also have a very large independent, we're probably double or triple their margins based upon the retention of our clients, the longevity of our advisors and the productivity. Our productivity is more than double or more of what they do. So I actually feel very good about our margins, but to the point of reference, we can continue to help our advisors grow productivity. We can continue to leverage our capabilities and use the investments to continue to increase those margins, but I would also say that we're very competitive, but we continue to focus on what we can do further.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee: Got it. And then looking at in asset management, just for the expenses associated with the performance fees, you're still pretty much flat year over year and quarter over quarter, even though you are reinvesting into the business. I take that as simply kind of expense reengineering, and also the platform consolidation kind of offsetting the reinvestment expenses. But how much room do you still have in terms of this expense management, or would we see kind of expenses gradually creep up as you continue to reinvest?
James Cracchiolo: Yeah, so we continue to make good investments in the business. I think over the last year or so, we had to focus a bit more energy on the regulatory side of it. That's part of our expense base. But we are now starting to refocus those energies back to the core investments. We always kept the core investments, but we probably used a bit more of we had two of the resources in a period of time. So now we're refocusing the resources back to the growth areas, and the new capabilities that we continue to focus on. And we have some good things underway. And so I think to Walter's point, we constantly look at reengineering as a part of our activities, so we think that expenses will increase on a very low rate, continuing with the growth that we continue to get in the productivity and the revenue side, and we reinvest with that, but we don't see that accelerating as an expense issue for us.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. Historically, the Advice & Wealth business, I think it's had seasonally higher G&A expense in the fourth quarter, but we didn't really see that last year. As we think about the fourth quarter of this year, should we anticipate a return to more of the normal expense pattern where there's a little bit more advertising or other expense?
Walter Berman: It certainly will, as I indicated in my presentation that we anticipate that it's going to go back to the year to date levels, which will average out to around 3%. Right now, it's 3% year to date, so you figure somewhere around, again, it's in that range, but certainly 3%, 4% will be in that range for the fourth quarter.
Erik Bass: Got it. That's talking G&A expense year over year?
Walter Berman: Yes. Yes, I am.
Erik Bass: Okay. And then also in Advice & Wealth, are you seeing any competitive pressures on sweep yields? And I guess how much incremental bottom line benefit do you anticipate from any additional interest rate hikes?
Walter Berman: Well, we are certainly today competitive and certainly the lion's share as we indicated, both us and the industry on the sweep accounts have been for the broker/dealer. We do anticipate in looking at the situation going forward that as for the next increase, that will be a larger sharing with the clients as we now reach that 1% minimum we talked about. That would be mostly for us.
Erik Bass: Got it and thanks. Final question on that, just as you are seeing more clients put money to work, so with the cash sweep yield now at 111 basis points, is money moving out of cash a net benefit to you from an earnings perspective?
Walter Berman: Actually it depends on where it goes, but it is both very profitable and the money, which is varied interest being deployed, but yet money is still, the sweep accounts are staying at pretty high levels. I think it only dropped $400 million this quarter. So the profitability range for us is quite good as they deploy or stay in sweep accounts.
Erik Bass: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: Thank you. What's your expectation for impact to your business from implementation of Method 2?
Walter Berman: We are certainly going to be complying on 1-1. We believe we are dealing with certainly the reporting requirements. We are certainly – that we feel comfortable with. As it relates to the research, we've already announced that we will basically be absorbing that, and we believe the amount will be manageable, and we're certainly working to make sure we provide the right research to our clients, but also optimize the cost of that.
John Barnidge: Okay. And then what was your catastrophe loss load excluding the hurricanes this quarter? Because it seems like there is a trend with property/casualty insurers having hurricane losses, but not much else this quarter, so I wanted to see if the same was the case here. Thank you.
Walter Berman: I just want to make sure I understand your question. You're talking about the gross amount or? I'm not sure I understood your questions. Could you repeat it or elaborate a little more?
John Barnidge: Yeah, sure. Net of reinsurance, what was your catastrophe losses from cat activity outside of hurricanes this third quarter?
Walter Berman: They were mostly, the majority was the hurricanes.
John Barnidge: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Walter Berman: Yes, you're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just had a question on Advice & Wealth. Looking back several quarters, productivity has been increasing and this is without a huge change in the advisor count. Just wanted to get a better sense of how much of that improvement is due to favorable market conditions versus the impact of the experienced hires that you guys have been getting in or just versus improving efficiencies within the business? Thanks.
Walter Berman: So I would say the larger part is due to growth in overall productivity, because we run a very large network. But the year ramp-up continues to be a complement to that, particularly in our employee channel. And the employee channel has actually shown some nice growth in average productivity over the number of years last, you know, one, two, three years, and that continues to actually get good utilization. That also brings up our margin in the employee channel, as we told you before. And so we feel that the year continued recruitment and ramp up is a nice complement, but also when you look at the type of productivity, we're talking about 14% growth in productivity, it has to do with the larger network. Now a piece of that of course is markets where you are managing some of these assets, et cetera, but I would say the larger part of that is really advisors actually continuing to deepen their book and grow their client base activities, and focus on a little more of the clients that are actually bringing in more of the assets at a higher level, as we said, continuing to move up market. So it's a combination of those factors. All of them have contributed, but we also have a very large network. So to get 14% productivity growth, as an example, it takes those type of levers to work.
Kenneth Lee: Okay. Great. And just had one more question. In terms of the performance fees, could you remind us again of the potential seasonality, where there are certain quarters where we should expect some kind of volatility from performance fees? And then going forward, I mean especially with the recent acquisition of the Limestone Investments, should we expect a little bit more impact from performance fees from the Asset Management side? Thanks.
Walter Berman: Okay, on the last part of that question, probably not a lot really, certainly as we look into 2018. The seasonality is very difficult to forecast because of the aspects of when these properties actually settle and close. So it is a difficult situation. There's no seasonality pattern that – and that what makes it, from our standpoint, forecasting is difficult. It's there. We earn it. It's good income, but it's the timing of it is challenging.
Kenneth Lee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Doug Mewhirter from SunTrust.
Doug Mewhirter: Hi, good morning. I had a follow-up on the Method 2 question. Just to confirm, and I know you already, you had disclosed this, will you be implementing Method across your Columbia Threadneedle and, or your Threadneedle and your Columbia, in other words worldwide? Or just your European operations?
Walter Berman: Just European.
Doug Mewhirter: Okay. And are you willing to disclose what your research budget was for Europe for this year?
James Cracchiolo: We are looking at that right now. I think the level of research that we and others consume is something that we are quantifying on a greater level of detail. But with that, what is necessary and appropriate and what is the rates that are necessary and appropriate for us to pay for it. So a tremendous work is going on right now, and so we'd rather wait until we have that full diagnostic and what we will be doing moving forward, and then we could give you that update.
Doug Mewhirter: Okay. Thanks for that. And my last question, Walter, what's your long-term care reserve on the balance sheet as it stands now?
Walter Berman: Oh, I don't have that. I will try. I will have to get back to you on that one. I don't have it here
Doug Mewhirter: Or I guess maybe to -
Walter Berman: Right now -
Doug Mewhirter: I'm sorry.
Walter Berman: I think, I don't want to guess at it so let me.
Doug Mewhirter: Or I guess maybe to reframe the question, the reserve charge you took this quarter, was it like a single digit percentage of your total reserves? Or just trying to get a idea of the magnitude of the reserve charge on a relative basis to the long-term care reserve.
Walter Berman: Relative to the portion that's not reinsured, it was under, I would say, it was under, in the single digit range. And again, we looked at this. It's dealing with the future forecasting, so we tried to be as prudent as possible on it.
Doug Mewhirter: Okay. Thanks. That's all my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to go back to Advice & Wealth margins. It looked like they were basically flat sequentially, even with the June rate hike. Walter, I get your comment about G&A being a little elevated, but it also looked like distribution expenses were a little bit higher, certainly relative to the change in distribution fee. So I'm just wondering if there was anything unusual in the distribution expenses line in the quarter.
Walter Berman: No, not really, Suneet. Not really.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then related, you had a comment in your prepared comments about expenses associated with recruiting advisors, so can you drill into that a little bit? Is the environment getting more competitive in terms of attracting EARs? And are you still seeing some of these large compensation packages being offered by the various distribution organizations?
James Cracchiolo: Suneet, I think Walter's comment, but he can comment, was more around that over the course of the year, we brought in very good advisors that have larger books and productivity, in which case it's not just the number, but it's the size of the advisors that we're bringing in. So that the upfront cost of that is a bit higher, but the productivity we're bringing in is a bit higher. So that's in combination with how we've adjusted the accruals and also some mark-to-market under the deferred comp based on the market price of the stock, et cetera. So there's a combination of things that were in the expense quarter for the Advice & Wealth Management business. So I hope that clarifies it a little more for you.
Suneet Kamath: No, it does. And then just one last one for Walter. On the unlocking, should we expect any kind of run rate impacts going forward from the actions that you took in the third quarter, particularly in the annuity space?
Walter Berman: Yes, you will see, as last year when we did it, we announced that with the unlocking that there was a negative that would continue through the SOP and the other elements on a quarterly basis. That's been basically reversed, and it will be substantially less as we move forward between now and the next unlocking. And obviously, the thing that we have to look at is as it relates to VA and others is the markets, where they increase as impact the SOP and the cash [indiscernible].
Suneet Kamath: Can you quantify the degree to which it's going to be less on the SOP?
Walter Berman: It's a shift about, yeah I can, around $10 million in the quarter.
Suneet Kamath: $10 million per quarter?
Walter Berman: In this quarter, and yeah, it's about that, yeah.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: Thanks. Walter, just a follow-up to Suneet's question. So would you say the annuity earnings normalized $149 million is a good run rate, then? Or would you make any adjustments to that as we think about 4Q and beyond?
Walter Berman: Yeah so, Tom, as I indicated, we had that improvement, which is from the unlocking. The bigger factor is on the markets, the equity markets and the interest. And so again, I can't forecast that. And that would – this quarter we had a very good increase which certainly elevated it. If that continues then you have a good run rate. If it doesn't, it will be impacted by that.
Thomas Gallagher: Because I think the old, if we look at last quarter, I think you were sort of defining a run rate about $20 million lower than that, assuming market conditions were normal, up 2% a quarter.
Walter Berman: [Indiscernible].
Thomas Gallagher: Is there after the review, has that been revised higher or?
Walter Berman: No, I would say, look here, the number you're talking, $15 million, $20 million is a pretty good number that would be a more normalized run rate off that.
Thomas Gallagher: Oh, so take $149 million less $15 million to $20 million?
Walter Berman: Yeah.
Thomas Gallagher: As a more normal run rate.
Walter Berman: Yeah.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Your comments around capital management, so I know you slowed buyback a little bit and you mentioned considering M&A I think as well. Can you talk a bit about what your thoughts are? Is this a good level of buyback? Would you expect to fade that further, pivoting more into M&A? What are your overall thoughts there?
Walter Berman: Well, okay, let me start with and maybe Jim will add to it. We talk about that from the standpoint of 90% to 100%, and certainly we would then be opportunistic about it in looking at different aspects of it. So at this stage, I think we have been fairly consistent with that, and as certainly moving from $85 a year ago to $150. But certainly we have the capacity and the capability and we generate, but it is really just gauging that situation to ensure that we're optimizing shareholder return, both for dividends and for buyback. Jim, I don't know if you wanted to add anything.
James Cracchiolo: No, I think it's fine. And we also did two small acquisitions in complement to that during the quarter. So we'll continue to deploy appropriately. We're still north of 100% in our buyback. And so we're generating good earnings, and we're returning it at a substantial rate, but we're also looking to do some incremental bolt-ons, which we're starting to do here and there. So I think you could take it as we're going to continue to return.
Thomas Gallagher: Got it, and then just two other quick details. The long-term care charge, was that GAAP only or was that statutory as well, the $57 million?
Walter Berman: That was on both.
Thomas Gallagher: It was on both. And then your comment on the sweep cash fees being more sharing, should I take that to mean you'll keep 50% or in that ballpark?
James Cracchiolo: It is obviously going to be based on competitive, but it certainly it would move to a more sharing range. I just, I can't handicap it because it's really going to be based upon competitive situations.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
James Cracchiolo: You should expect we'll be sharing more.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Ryan Krueger from Keefe, Bruyette, Woods.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Walter, I believe you said the Asset Management margin adjusted for the performance fees was 39%. I guess you've talked about historical, kind of more of a range in the 35% to 40% range. I guess with doing what you have done, is it fair to kind of assume more the mid to upper end of the target in the current environment? Do you believe that's sustainable?
Walter Berman: Yes. The answer is yeah. I think that's a reasonable assumption certainly in this environment.
Ryan Krueger: Okay thanks. And then just a quick one. I know it's not a huge deal, but just on the Limestone partner, can you give us any sense of should we expect much of a financial impact as that comes into the results, and how have the flows been in that business?
James Cracchiolo: Well, we think it's a very good property that we think we can help them continue to grow, and there's opportunity to add to their book over time. I think with this business, like anything, it's more of a slower build. And so we think that it will accrete for us over time. But there shouldn't be any major impact to the financials over the next year or so.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thank you.
Walter Berman: This is Walter, I just, we got the answer on the question about the reserves, active and disabled life reserve. It's almost $2 billion.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Kenneth S. Lee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2017 Earnings Call. My name is Nicole and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's second quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. On slide 2 of the earnings presentation material that are available on our website, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectation about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risk factors and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in our second quarter 2017 earnings release, our 2016 Annual Report to shareholders, and our 2016 10-K Report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. Turning to slide 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the second quarter. Below that you see our operating results, which management believes, enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. The comments that management makes on our call today will focus on operating financial results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for joining today's earnings call. I'll provide my perspective on the business, Walter will discuss our financial results in more detail and then we'll take your questions. Let's get started. Ameriprise reported strong second quarter results led by our Wealth Management business. In a period of change in opportunity for the industry, we're delivering excellent growth in earnings and earnings per share and we had very good momentum in a number of important metrics including nice growth in Ameriprise client assets, client net inflows, as well as advisor productivity. With favorable equity markets and low volatility, clients are putting more money to work. It's also good to see that short-term interest rates are slowly coming off of record lows. Consistent with our strategy, we're serving client needs and growing our fee-based businesses which continue to become even larger contributors to total earnings. Our business creates significant free cash flow that supports our growth, our investments and our return to shareholders. In terms of the regulatory environment, we're managing well through an ongoing period of change. Regarding the Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule, Ameriprise and our advisors were well prepared for the June 9th implementation. As part of our comprehensive advisor support plan, including the series of webcasts and more than 100 training sessions over the last few months, we continue to provide clear direction and extensive training for our advisors so that they are well supported and able to continue serving clients and building their practices through this time. We eliminated 12b-1 fees in advisory accounts earlier this year as we highlighted and we've also streamlined our fund range like others. We're currently working to be ready for any further requirements that may be necessary on January 1 and continue to have appropriate resources devoted to this work. Let's move right into Advice & Wealth Management where we had an excellent quarter. As I mentioned at the opening, we achieved strong growth in client assets. In fact, Ameriprise client assets increased 11% to $512 billion, a new high. Net inflows into fee-based investment advisory accounts were $4.5 billion, another all-time high. This marks our fifth consecutive quarter of growth in wrap flows and bodes well for the rest of the year. As we discussed with you, serving more investors in the $500,000 to $5 million range is a key priority and client acquisitions increased nicely, especially in this target market. And we're serving more $1 million-plus clients than ever before. We continue to invest in our brand, in marketing and our social media presence. Ameriprise brand awareness is again at our record high of 66%. Our Be Brilliant TV, digital and social media advertising continues to resonate with consumers and advisors and we're finalizing the third phase of this advertising that will come out in the fall. Advisor recruiting is another positive for us with 81 experienced advisors joining Ameriprise in the quarter. Importantly, advisors joining us from wirehouses, regionals and independents are, on average, more than a third more productive than advisors recruited this time a year ago. Across our network, advisor productivity continues to grow nicely. Ameriprise advisors have consistently increased productivity at a higher rate than many of our competitors, and for the quarter, productivity was up another 9%. Normalized for the net impact of transitioning advisory accounts to share classes without 12b-1 fees, productivity would have increased 14% on a quarterly basis. As the leader in advice, Ameriprise is differentiated in the marketplace. Consumers need to plan and accumulate wealth for retirement and we're well positioned to serve this need. Our Confident Retirement approach creates real value for our clients. Our research consistently shows that it contributes to a very high satisfaction with Ameriprise and their advisor, and their clients are committed to implementing the recommendations and feel more confident. This approach also works well across all life stages. So, we're very focused on cross-generational opportunity in our Wealth Management business to acquire and serve more clients, people who'll prefer to work with a seasoned professional to guide their future in a digitally enabled relationship. The Ameriprise culture and the way we work with clients continue to be important differentiators. I want to let you know that I'm very proud of how Ameriprise is being recognized in the marketplace in many important ways. From the 2017 Temkin Group ratings, we were number one for customer service across the investment industry. Importantly, we're also second in trust across the investment firms. As well, number one for forgiveness, the likelihood of consumers to forgive a company, if it made a mistake. And in the Hearts and Wallets' Wants and Pricing survey, Ameriprise was rated a top performer in customer ratings based on being unbiased and putting clients' interests first, which is what the DOL fiduciary rule is all about. Ameriprise also stands out for our very engaged culture. We've earned leading employee and advisor engagement for many years. And earlier this month, career website Indeed.com named Ameriprise as one of the Top 50 Best Places to Work. I believe this important recognition further underscores that the Ameriprise advice value proposition and the way we do business positively influence client satisfaction, loyalty as well as our strong culture; all vital to our long-term growth. Meanwhile, we continue to invest significantly to enhance our client experience. This includes further digitally enabling the advice experience our advisors provide and making our financial planning process even more collaborative. We're also investing in making goal and performance tracking easier and providing advisors with dedicated local leadership and training to support this work. And as you know, robust information security is more critical than ever. We invest tens of millions of dollars annually in people, processes and tools to protect our clients' information and the firm through a multi-layered approach to security. Finally, in July, we officially closed the acquisition of Investment Professionals, Inc., an independent broker-dealer based in San Antonio, specializing in on-site delivery of investment programs for financial institutions, including banks and credit unions. This is a new channel for us and one, we believe, will be a great complement to Ameriprise. As we move forward, Advice & Wealth Management is situated well. We focused on serving clients and growing the business as more consumers realize they need guidance on accumulating for retirement and other important goals as well as managing their wealth through retirement. Our insurance and annuity businesses provide important solutions to our clients, help protect their wealth and generate retirement income. Consistent with what we discussed with you, we continue to maintain very strong books of business and manage our growth. In addition to offering clients important income protection benefits, these businesses deliver strategic benefits for Ameriprise, including contributing to high client satisfaction and asset persistency. The businesses are performing as we expected given low rates and industry trends. In annuities, variable account balances increased to $77 billion on market appreciation, which more than offset redemptions and slower sales, both are industry trends. We consistently had annual sales in the $4 billion to $5 billion range. This quarter was at the low end of our range given the shift of sales. In insurance, we've seen a nice pickup in cash sales from a year ago. UL and VUL sales are up 18% with good growth in installment sales and lump sum deposits. We continue to focus on asset accumulation primarily in variable universal life and universal life products. In Auto and Home, our financial results continue to improve in line with our actions we've taken across all parts of the company, especially in product pricing, underwriting and claims. Leading indicators in these areas point to continued improvement in the underlying business, but like many personal line insurers, we experience elevated levels of cat losses in the quarter which were significant, particularly from a historic Colorado hailstorm and significant hail events in Minnesota and Texas. We recently implemented several new reinsurance programs that helped reduce some of the effect of these cats on our results. We continue to improve the book, take rate in several areas, underlying loss ratios continue to trend lower and we feel good about how we're tracking with our plans. In Asset Management, we're growing assets under management and generating good financial results. We're executing our plans as we adapt to industry changes and invest in areas where we see near and long-term growth opportunities. Total assets under management grew to $473 billion. Markets have been favorable which helped to more than offset net outflows. I'll start by providing more color on flows in the quarter. We've been impacted like the industry and working hard to make the changes we need, but there is more to do. The majority of our outflows, $7 billion of the $8.7 billion, were lower fee former parent assets, most of which related to particular events or actions. As we discussed with you, we have large important relationships with Zurich and U.S. Trust from our prior acquisitions. These relationships provide a nice base of assets as we continue to focus on growing higher fee third-party assets. Given the nature of these books, we typically average a couple billion of outflows per quarter. It was higher in the second quarter, as Zurich redeemed a large pool of low fee pension assets of $3.6 billion and outflows at U.S. Trust were higher because of mutually agreed upon actions that should improve our economics over time. In third-party retail, like other active managers, we're experiencing pressure from industry flows into passive, especially here in the United States. U.S. intermediary experienced outflows of about $1 billion after dividends reinvested. While the environment remains challenging, we're focused on building our offering in categories where assets are flowing. While we've made some progress, our flows are not where we want and we continue to focus on improvement. In the U.K. and Europe, we are in net inflows of $500 million as the political environment has settled somewhat and investment sentiment has improved. And in the third party institutional, we're seeing mandates fund as expected. However, this was offset by $500 million outflow from a large client seeking liquidity and about $800 million in outflows from CDO liquidations. Let's move to investment performance. It remains strong and will continue to be a benefit as we look to garner flows for the future. We had a good first half of 2017 and we're delivering compelling 3, 5, and 10-year investment track records. Our U.S. and U.K. equity franchises are strong and we're benefiting from our quality growth bias in equities this year. Regarding fixed income, our long-term track records are strong and our taxable performance has improved nicely over the last year. The 114 Morningstar four- and five-star funds we offer reflect good performance we're delivering. As we look to continue to improve our flows, there are a number of things we're focused on. First, we're enhancing and aligning our distribution by executing a more informed and targeted channel strategy and putting the right resources where we're looking to grow. That includes within DCIO, where we've added a new head of the business to complement the team. Second, with broad capabilities and equities, fixed income and multi-asset, we're serving client needs and ensuring our products address the important investment themes, generating income, managing taxes, managing changing rates and growing assets to deliver the outcomes they're looking for. Third, we're enhancing our product lines in a number of areas such as in solutions. We continue to build out our multi-asset business. We're seeing good interest in our adaptive risk allocation capability in both retail and institutional channels in the U.S. We have a nice base of assets of just over $4 billion that we've grown and have garnered strong three year numbers for us to build on. We're also building out our solutions internationally with the Dynamic Real Return fund in the United Kingdom and seeing good results, and we'll be launching a complementary solution in the European market. In the responsible investment space, we have over $30 billion in assets under management and we're adding to our product line and launched the Threadneedle European Social Bond Fund to complement our U.K. and U.S. funds. And in Strategic Beta, we've integrated the EGA acquisition, and have a strong team in place. Our sustainable ETFs have established one-year track records and we intend to expand our product lineup beyond equities to fixed income later this year. Fourth, we're strengthening awareness of Columbia Threadneedle. Our global advertising campaign centered around consistency is resonating in the marketplace. Fifth, as we discussed, we have an important project underway to move from separate regional operations capabilities and controls to a global front, middle and back office capability that will help us increase efficiency and flexibility, especially in the solutions space. And finally, we continue to manage the evolving regulatory environment both the United States and internationally, including Brexit and multiple regulatory initiatives in the U.K. Overall, the actions we're taking to drive long-term growth are the right ones, but there is more work to do. We're managing the business with a strong focus on our clients and profitability, while we invest to compete in our key regions. Before I turn things over to Walter, I feel very good about Ameriprise, the value of the advice and solutions we offer our clients, as well as the progress we made at the midpoint in the year. We're executing on our strategy and are focused on delivering a strong client experience. Very few financial services companies are generating this level of ROE and returning to shareholders like Ameriprise is, while continuing to deliver good earnings. As we look forward with our client focus, business strength, capital profile and return as well as our risk management, Ameriprise is positioned well. Now Walter will cover the financials and I'll be back to take your questions.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise continues to execute on the strategy Jim outlined to deliver very strong financial results across shareholder driver components in the quarter. Advice & Wealth Management continues to be our primary growth driver, now representing almost half of our total revenue. Our other businesses have performed well and within our expectations. Our balance sheet remains strong. We are generating strong free cash flow, which we are using to consistently return capital to shareholders, driving excellent EPS and return on equity growth. In the quarter, we returned $481 million of capital to shareholders which is almost 110% of operating earnings. This included the repurchase of 2.8 million shares, which was similar to the first quarter. Turning to slide 6, Ameriprise delivered excellent financial performance across the top and bottom lines. Ameriprise operating net revenue was up 5%, normalizing for the net impact of 12b-1 fee changes we discussed with you with Advice & Wealth Management revenue up 13%. Top-line growth was driven by 7% growth in total assets fueled by $4.5 billion in wrap net inflows and strong equity market appreciation. In addition, we demonstrated strong expense discipline across the firm. The overall expense base was down 1% with G&A down 3%. This resulted in a very strong margin in the quarter of 19.8%, up from 16.7% a year ago. We returned a substantial amount to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. Combined with strong earnings, our capital return supported EPS growth of 26% to $2.80, and return on equity of over 25%. Overall, we delivered excellent financial results across the firm. Let's turn to slide 7. The Advice & Wealth Management businesses continued to perform very well, delivering strong business metrics and financial results. Operating net revenue was $1.3 billion, up 13% in the quarter from solid growth in wrap assets from client inflows and market appreciation, as well as higher earnings on brokerage cash. We successfully completed the previously announced move to share classes that do not have 12b-1 fees for advisory accounts and other associated changes, which reduced revenue by a net $54 million in the quarter. The PTI and margin impact of these 12b-1 fee changes was very small and within expectations. Expenses were up 3% reflecting higher distribution expenses, including investments in recruiting experienced advisors. We are tightly managing G&A expenses, which was flat to last year. Revenue growth and expense discipline drove operating earnings up 32% to $291 million, and we delivered an all-time high margin of 21.6%. Turning to slide 8. Asset management generated strong profitability, up 19% versus last year. Operating net revenue was up 1% at $748 million, with market appreciation more than offsetting the impact of net outflows. As Jim discussed, outflows were elevated in the quarter from low fee, former parent related outflows, much of which we tied to specific events. We remain focused in bringing in assets at a higher fee rate than the assets we're losing to manage profitability. Our overall fee rate remained stable in the quarter at 53 basis points due to our mix of equity and fixed assets as well as strong equity market appreciation in the quarter. We continue to maintain very competitive margins by tightly managing expenses with G&A down 4% from last year. Last year's expenses included a one-time legal settlement. Excluding that item, G&A was down 1%. Pre-tax operating earnings were $176 million, up 19%, and margins were up nicely at almost 38%. Let's turn to annuities on slide 9. Variable annuities pre-tax operating earnings were up 8% to $127 million. This increase included the benefit of equity, market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows. Variable annuity net outflows were elevated again this quarter, reflecting a decline in VA sales as well as higher lapses, both of which are in line with industry trends. We are seeing a good portion of our VA lapses in qualified accounts for policies out of their surrender charge period. A benefit of our business model is that the majority of these assets stay within the firm, but move to other products. We hedge the living benefits risks from our variable annuity businesses very effectively. As a reminder, our direct variable annuity hedge strategy is primarily designed for protection against economic risk and to mitigate volatility in GAAP earnings in addition to our macro hedge program. Under the statutory reserve framework, this direct hedging strategy can create non-economic strain in excess capital under rapidly rising interest rates. Therefore, we requested and received approval from Minnesota for a permitted practice to mitigate this impact, effective July 1, 2017. This permitted practice leverages principles underlying the NAIC's related accounting proposal for certain derivatives hedging variable annuities interest rate risk. Fixed annuity's earnings declined to $15 million from $28 million a year ago, from low asset portfolio yields and decline in account balances. As we described before, we wrote a block of fixed annuities following the financial crisis with a six-year surrender charge period. Over the past couple of years, we've seen higher lapses as those policies reached their guaranteed minimum interest rates and exited the surrender charge period. The book is continuing to run off at a pace we anticipated and is in line with our actuarial assumptions. This book is already at its guaranteed minimum interest rate, but we've had higher yielding assets run off and they were replaced at a lower rate, causing spread compression. As you know, we conduct our annual unlocking in the third quarter, which is based on market assumptions around interest rates as of 6/30/2017. The 10-year treasury rate as of 6/30/2017 was higher than a year ago and above where we had expected it would be at that point. In the quarter, the behavioral assumptions will be evaluated to determine any changes from our prior year assumptions. Turning to slide 10, Life and Health earnings declined 4% to $69 million due to lower investment portfolio yields. Life claims continued their improving trend and all other products were within expected ranges. Auto and Home results improved by $16 million from last year despite higher cat losses. We remain focused on managing our cat exposure. We entered into several new reinsurance arrangements to reduce net cat exposure in the first quarter and realized substantial benefits from them in the second quarter. We expect benefits from those reinsurance agreements to continue in the second half of the year. We are pleased with the progress in our underlying loss performance for this business from the steps we have taken to improve results. Our non-cat loss ratio was 70%, which was 8 points better than the prior year. Underlying auto loss performance was particularly strong with nearly 12 points of improvement. Many of the policy and pricing changes are still rolling through our book, which should support continued improvement in these trends. Lastly, we continue to monitor our underlying reserve levels and the impact of policy and pricing changes on our current and prior accident year reserves. On slide 11, you can see that Ameriprise continues to make progress, shifting its business mix to less capital-intense businesses. And for the first time, Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management made up over 70% of Ameriprise's pre-tax operating earnings. We anticipate this shift will continue and reach 75% over the next couple of years. It is an important aspect of our continued capital return story. You'll see on slide 12 that our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong with excess capital at $1.8 billion and an estimated RBC ratio at nearly 500%. We returned $481 million of capital to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of 2.8 million shares in the quarter, which was 109% of operating earnings. We continue to target returning 90% to 100% of operating earnings to shareholders as a baseline. And as we did this quarter, we will adjust, as we assess market conditions and our evaluation. And with that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from John Nadel from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. My first question is on Advice & Wealth Management, Jim, I'm curious. It sounds from your commentary like you're really not stopping as it relates to making needed investments in the business, whether it's digital, training, or otherwise. But how much longer do you think the segment can continue to generate what appears to be pretty solid revenue growth without some level of corresponding growth in G&A? And then separately, in Advice, I'm curious if you think we should expect any meaningful impact, whether it's on revenues or margins, from the acquisition that closed at the beginning of the third quarter. I don't imagine that's going to really shift numbers, but just want to make sure we're tight on that.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So we are continuing to invest organically in the businesses. And you mentioned Advice & Wealth in particular, so we have some really good initiatives underway to further our capabilities in the digital world, particularly around digital advice and online capabilities to interact with the consumer and the advisor even further there in a much more integrated fashion. We also have things underway to enhance our CRM capabilities. So really what we've been doing, and you saw it from my commentary, we still have invested a lot of time and energy around the DOL activities. And so what I'm hoping is as we come to fruition on that, I could start freeing up my resources to go back to more of these growth initiatives. But in the meantime, we have more of the R&D and the development underway. And as we pass through the DOL activities, we'll move more to execution and implementation against more of the growth types of things again. So we're making those investments. As we free up resources that are being devoted to DOL, we'll put more of that money back to work on growth initiatives and capabilities more fully and try to get them rolled out over the next year or two as well.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And then just real quick on that acquisition, should it have any impact?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So we'll work on that acquisition as we go to close and we get the broker-dealer approvals, et cetera. It's not going to have a major impact initially on a margin basis.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: What we'll do is, over time, support that business' growth and improve their productivity and the margins in that business by actually building out the business further. It'll add a good number of advisors. I think it's about approximately 200 to our line, but really what that will be is more of a build over time to get the types of margins and productivity that we think it's capable of.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then my follow-up question's just on the Asset Management side. I think last quarter, Jim, you had touched on, or you had quantified the former-parent AUM, the legacy AUM at about $70 billion. And that the revenue contribution from that – from former-parent AUM was about 8% of the segment's revenues. I imagine given the outflows this quarter, that $70 billion number has come down. Is that 8% still a reasonable estimate?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. A large part of, like the Zurich as I mentioned to you, was a low-fee pension-type activity and even in that, where those assets were lost, there's been some adjustment in some of our fee arrangements appropriately, so on a positive end. So I would actually say that was a very small revenue loss for us. It was appropriate for Zurich and appropriate for us at this point in time. And some of the changes we also made with U.S. Trust will adjust some of the pricing based upon that being a better economic scenario as well. So we actually think that on a total basis, we'll be in good revenue on – adjusted for those assets. So will come out of the asset base, as you said, but there's been a market appreciation against that asset base. So we're still getting relatively about the same revenues based on the appreciation for the other activities. Remember, it was fixed income mainly in the Zurich, very low fee.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW Research. Your line is open, Ryan.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. As you got close to the June 9 applicability date for the DOL, did you make any additional fee or commission adjustments that we should expect to have any sort of meaningful impact going forward?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No. No. As I said we've realigned all of our product line, due diligence elements, et cetera, reduced the number of funds on our lineup. It'll only affect about 6% of our assets and there's a transition period and those assets already mapped into other types of funds. So it should not impact the revenue or the activities from the advisor perspective.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then a follow-up on AWM, the 21.6% margin certainly recognizing you'll get future benefits from rate increases, but do you view the 21.6% as a good level to run rate and build off of going forward, or should we think about this as a particularly good quarter for that business?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So I would hate to just say every quarter is exactly the same based on seasonality and other things, but I would say the plus-20% is a good base level for us to operate under now. I've mentioned to you previously and the investors that we were targeting to get over the 20%. We feel now comfortably over the 20%. So we would probably say, I won't want to sit here and project every quarter, per se, based on levels of activity and market, but over the 20% margin rate, I think would be solid.
Operator: And our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Your line is open, Erik.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Hi. Thank you. Can you talk about the level of distribution expenses in Advice & Wealth and how we should think about those going forward? I realize there's some impact from the 12b-1 change, but are there other steps you're taking to reduce distribution costs?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No. April, the last of the 12b-1s was captured. And so all of that now is at either investment advisory level fees or rebates back to the client. Listen, if the DOL comes forth and says, hey, there needs to be some adjustments as we go into commission-based products, we feel that we'll be able to move there and adjust. Nothing is really sold at targeted levels of what the retail price is. Everything is relatively discounted in some fashion. So we don't see a significant if we move to, like, a consistent share class at one fee, be it some adjustments up and down in certain areas, but relatively over the course of the remainder of the year, we don't see a change for the things we have already implemented. Most of those implementations were done previously.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Got it. So the ratio of sort of distribution expenses to fee revenue should be relatively stable.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Got it. And then switching to Asset Management. Is the level of G&A spending there this quarter a reasonable run rate? If you could talk about where the savings are coming from and if there were a downturn in equity markets, do you still have levers to maintain margins?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes. Across the firm, if you're familiar with us, we do a lot to constantly reengineer our activities, looking at areas that were not generating value to free up resources, using technology better for servicing and activities from a client perspective. So in the Asset Management business, we're doing something very similar but we're making good investments in the Asset Management business whether it's the new systems and capabilities, whether it's investing in new product, whether it's adding talent. So we're continuing to do that. We've launched a new advertising campaign globally. So we're continuing to make those investments, but we are tightening up where we're not generating the revenue or the value, or getting the productivity that we need. So we'll continue to do that. Of course, if markets become tighter et cetera, yes, we would have to take more actions. But right now what we're doing is freeing some of the money and investing it in the areas we think will give us future capability.
Operator: And our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi. Your line is open.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to start with Advice & Wealth and the cash balances there of roughly $26 billion, down a little bit sequentially but up about 10% year-over-year. I guess I'm a little surprised that given the market environment, maybe clients didn't put more of that cash to work. So just want to get a sense of where you think that's going to trend over the next couple quarters, because I think at $26 billion you're still quite a bit above where you've historically run.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So I think there's a few components. One is more money has gone to work. Having said that, I don't think either our advisors or clients are sort of overenthusiastic of jumping full scale into the market of where the market is situated right now on balance, but they're actually trending the money back in. It's actually interesting that money still went into the fixed income categories as well, but we're also bringing in a bit more flows from a client basis, so that sort of replenished some of the cash as well. So I would probably say if we didn't do that, you would have saw more cash go back to work based on our investments in wrap flow business, et cetera. So I think that's a positive trend. So as long as it continues, markets are in good condition and relative, I think it's good that money goes in over time rather than in one big swoop.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then I guess sticking with the AWM, in the past you've given us a little bit of a split between the employee advisor and the franchisee advisor channels in terms of margins and productivity. Can you kind of give us a sense of where you stand today in those two channels on those two metrics?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes. So we've had nice improvement in the employee channel. Our margins are now in the mid-teens, solid and that's after the elimination of 12b-1s, et cetera. We're getting good productivity increases there as advisers have ramped up from the recruiting and actually uptake of even our financial planning activities. And so I actually see that leverage continuing to improve as we continue to grow that productivity there. And the margins in the franchise channel has held pretty well with the uptick in productivity that offset anything on the 12b-1s activity, as we've mentioned to you as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. In Asset Management, you talked about the solutions business. Can you talk about the growth there and how should we – maybe how should we think about the inflows in the second quarter of $500 million compared to that in the first quarter?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So we actually – we don't talk about it this way, just like I've mentioned in some of the other space, but we manage over $100 billion multi-asset type categories for our clients. And so what we're doing now is trying to build out that multi-asset solutions set in a more customized fashion for institutions, but also have good products now that we've developed and we're going to continue to build upon in the retail space. So, as an example, our CARA product here in the United States has grown to now a few billion dollars – almost $4 billion – over $4 billion and we see good interest in that type of product that has excellent three-year performance, better than many of the strategy funds out there today. And same thing in the U.K. Our DRR fund has now launched nicely and growing and we're going to launch in the U.K. So we actually believe that we have some really good capabilities. We have a really good team in place both here and the U.K. in multi-asset solutions being built out. In the U.S., it's under a gentleman named Jeff Knight; in the U.K. it's under Toby Nangle. I mean, we've got a good team. So we feel that this is a good opportunity for us, but again it always takes time to build, particularly as you start to branch off from some of your core activities, but we feel good about that progress and the ability to continue to grow there.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. And then in terms of the institutional pipeline, I think in previous quarters you talked about the pipeline remained pretty solid. But then we haven't really see that in terms of gross inflows, especially when you look at the first half in 2017 from gross inflows in institutional was probably roughly flat compared to first half of 2016. When can we expect to see some of these company mandates to come through and then show up in the inflows now outlined for institutional Asset Management?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. Firstly, it's a good question. Unfortunately – and again, some people might have been impacted as well as when a large client starts to continue to redeem, not because of performance or anything, but because of the liquidity or change in what they need, it had impacted us. It was actually a larger impact in the first quarter than the second. And so, a lot of good funding sort of were offset in the sense by doing that. And the same thing here in the U.S. and we had some of the CDO that normally come up for liquidation at this point, but didn't refund during the period. And so, we had some of those fundings. Now, other mandates that we're also working on, sometimes that take a little longer. In some categories, they got put on hold a little bit based on the environment or even where some of our concentration is, like in high yield and stuff. So, what we're looking at right now is that we're continuing to focus on what that pipeline is for the future, but we've been able to handle – and again, this is the ex-parent stuff – we've been able to handle the offsets of some of those liquidations with the new fundings. We would have liked that, it would have carved that way, but that's exactly what occurred in the first part of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kenneth Lee from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kenneth S. Lee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Just want to focus on the Asset Management business. Could you give a little bit more granular breakdown in terms of the U.S. retail fund flows just between the major asset classes, whether there's any notable drivers in the flows. And also, I had a question in terms of the new products that you mentioned, specifically like the multi-asset funds. Whether you can give us a sense of the fee rates on these kind of new products? Thanks.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So when we look at the categories we're focused on, we're getting good activity in many of our strategic and what we call our Anchor Fund areas. So like our strategic income, like the CARA product I mentioned, like in some of our high alpha equity products, or dividend income, things such as that, in some of our fixed income, but there's more for us to do there. I think we need to get better known in regard to our fixed income credit capabilities, and particularly in retail that we got some really good product, we see pickup, like in our strategic income, but we've been known more for equity than fixed. And I think we have got some really good capabilities that we got to continue to grow in. We've been seeing a nice pickup in activities in some of the major broker-dealers that we do business, and the independents. There's more for us to do. We're gaining traction. We're building the relationships. We're getting considered more as in model various portfolios. So, we're gaining good traction. Having said that, there is the level of activity more broadly out there. And most of the actives have moved a bit more into fixed income, which we're not as known for, that I think we can get known for. And we're putting a bit more emphasis on, because we've got some good product there to sell. And in regard to the CARA product, as I mentioned, this is one that now that has hits its three-year track records and they're quite strong against the competitive frame, and it's something that we're getting more seen on. We're hoping that those flows will even pick up further.
Kenneth S. Lee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. And just one final follow-up question. Just in terms of, specifically, the alternatives category within Asset Management, granted still a small portion of the AUM, just wondering longer term, are there any thoughts in terms of like meaningful expansion within that area? Thanks.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So, we'll continue, as I mentioned, to build out our solution capabilities. With that, as we build it out, not all the, what I would call, the sleeves in those categories will be manufactured by us, but they'll be sub-advised with other entities providing some of the capabilities similar to what we're doing now in some of our multi-asset solutions. That will be a complement. So, it'll actually – with the way we allocate the strategic risk management, the allocation methodologies we've used and the capabilities and how we actually construct will be ours. So it won't slow us. But we are looking for some smaller types of acquisitions appropriately to fit into the alt space for us and we have a number of things that we're reviewing today. So over time, we feel like we'll be able to pick up some other types of capabilities that will complement our core equity fixed income space that we have today.
Operator: And our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher from Evercore. Your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Good morning. First question I had is, have you had to get more competitive with compensation packages now that 12b-1 fees are gone for your advisors, or how are you dealing with that? Because you described that as more or less a pass-through to them.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, no. When we look at it, as you are aware of, our actual compensation, and we're attracting actually much higher productive teams in the industry today. And if you look at the employee channel, the 12b-1s necessarily weren't captured by them in the employee channel to begin with. So, it has no effect there. And so, from that perspective, we're seeing good activities in the employee. But in the franchisees area also, we've actually had a stronger pickup in activity there with larger people coming, and because of the capabilities that we're providing, the support we're providing, the compliance, the training, even the idea that this is a very trusted brand. And some of them don't necessarily look to be completely independent anymore based upon the challenges out there. So, I actually find that where – we haven't changed the compensation packages, but what I find is that we're being more considered out there, based on what we've been able to achieve and how we can help them.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: And Jim, just a related question on that. Is that what's really driving the strong flows here? Is that the impact to new hires you're getting higher-end brokers, brokers with larger books, you're losing ones with smaller books? Is that really what's going on beneath the surface in terms of why...
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No. It's only a piece. Remember, we have a network of almost 9,700 people. You're not going to get the type of productivity lift. We've got 14% productivity lift year over year. You're not going to get that just from a number of recruits. The recruits will continue, as we said, be a nice complement as an addition particularly more so in the employee channel as that continues to tenure now because the recruits there is a bit larger than the total of the franchisee. But what I would say is – and I showed the chart recently, that said if you look at us since 2011, 2009, whatever you want to look at, in productivity improvements against all the major houses, both employee channels and especially independents, we're relatively flat in productivity, but we are actually at the top of the charts in annual productivity increases across our entire network. So that's what we continue to do to help our advisors improve their practice, grow their practice, serve their clients, deepen their relationships, our advice value proposition. So I'd like to add more productive groups, and exactly to your point that's exactly a piece of it, but when you grow productivity like we have constantly and consistently, it's based on what we've add as the value to the advisor.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Barnidge from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thank you and good morning. I was hoping you could talk about the outflows in the annuities business and kind of where you think it'll shake out. And then I have a follow-up to that. Thank you.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. We've always, as we've said to you in the past, unlike other providers that really ramp up annuities at certain periods of time or in certain markets to sell aggressively, we have never done that. And so our book continues to be very solid, consistent. The benefits consistent. The returns consistent. How we actually support and service the book, how that fits in as a solution set, but we've always sold within a rough range of $4 to $5 billion. We're just at the low end of that range. Yes. I think some of that fall-off in sales has been done because our advisors, like other advisors, were like what does this mean with the DOL or the fiduciary rule or what does that mean in changes, et cetera, et cetera? Now, some of that we see is starting to stabilize and starting to refresh, but yeah, we went to the lower end of our range there which is fine. Those flows don't leave us. They just get put to work in other activities, which is also fine for us that we have good solutions, but we feel like our book is really good and stable and that activity will pick up over time in certain things, like some of our benefits or non-benefits. Actually what happened is we got increased sales in our non-living benefit sort of product in the variable annuities this last quarter and the quarter before it. So we think that it's good that there is always an adjustment where necessary, but we are able to take those flows in other categories, but the book remains very solid. And there may be a pickup back as we continue to go. We don't necessarily – if it doesn't pick up, we always operate in roughly this range anyway. So we feel very comfortable.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: There's a follow-up on that, though. I understand you're at the low end of the sales range, but a lot of that outflow is also being caused by a market increase in withdrawals and terminations.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so again...
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Also, if you could speak to your thoughts on – my follow-up was, (54:18) put out yesterday.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah it's higher but it's within the range. It's not materially higher. And again, I think you see that across the industry as well. So some of that in the past lapses, people again start to put money to work a little bit differently. For instance, some of them feel, maybe, hey, the guarantee we don't need at this point in time as much because the markets have really stabilized. It depends on the client circumstance and the advisor and what they're looking at for the total portfolio. But these are all within ranges. And as I said to you, we're never looking to really grow our books to be very expansive. We provide them as a solution set. We can really provide good books and where we get good returns, we'll provide that. And where it makes sense for the client and the advisor, we complement with what we have on the shelf from other providers. So all of other providers are also on the shelf. Sales have slowed a little with their activities as well. So I think you see this across the industry. We're not an outlier but, as I said, the money goes to work in other areas, like investment advisory and other activities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mewhirter from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. First question. And I'm sorry if you had detailed this last quarter. I think you had, but if you could just review the issue of the loss of the 12b-1 fees and how they're transitional and maybe the timing of when you would fill that hole. And I guess the underlying question is, is it where you actually have the map specifically to new products to where you can specifically identify where you're going to get the revenue back through asset based fees and wrap account, for example, or something like that? Or is it where you lost the revenue and you think you know where you're going to get the revenue back, but it could take some time, if you understand what I'm asking.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay. So let's be clear. For all our wrap business, all the assets and all the investment type of advisory accounts, all of the 12b-1 fees have already been eliminated. The last piece of that came out in April and the bulk of it came out in the first quarter. So when you look at the second quarter numbers, those revenues have already – are gone. There's only a small piece that was there in April and that's gone now. But we have tried, through productivity, through a combination of other adjustments that we've made from both the cost as well as a revenue perspective, it's already been factored in and offset through what you've seen in the P&L today in the margins that we're generating. So that's already gone. Now 12b-1s are still collected in commission-based. And they are allowed to be continued under that category, even under the DOL. So those are still in the commission-based products and that will continue to go forward. So there'll be no change there. So what we did when we replace the share classes with 12b-1s is if there was an investment advisory share class, an institutional share class that didn't have a 12b-1, that was what we used to replace it with. And if there wasn't, and that's still the only share class there, then what we do now and have done in the second quarter is rebate those back to, through the advisor, to the client, so they're not collected by either the firm nor the advisor. And that is already negated in the revenue as well. I hope that gives you a better understanding.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that. It's helpful. My follow-up actually, in a different subject, more on capital levels. You definitely have a very generous shareholder return policy and obviously you have the capital levels to support that, but I was wondering how much capital roughly are you generating every quarter? In other words, does your capital return approximate your capital generation? Are you slowly drawing down your excess capital position? Are you still building your excess capital position? This is all things being equal of course. I'm not asking for guidance or anything like that, but on a run rate basis.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It's Walter and we are generating free cash flow, which is pretty much approximately 90% to 100% discussion point that we've given as our target. So the answer is, it goes ups and downs, obviously, as different parts of the model shift but we are basically replenishing at the same rate.
Operator: Our final question comes from Adam Klauber from William Blair. Your line is open.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Roughly how much of the margin expansion in Advice & Wealth Management came from increasing brokered sweep fees?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: On a percentage basis, I would – 21 – it's I would guess, maybe 1%, in that range.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: As it relates because you have to annualize the whole thing, but I think it's in that range.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Sure. Sure. Okay. And then just one follow-up on – in the Asset Management, the distribution expenses as percentage of retail AUM came down 0.37 versus running 0.39 or 0.4. Is that due to 12b-1s or is there something else occurring there?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No, that's as you identified, it's 12b-1s.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.
Analysts: Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2017 Earnings Call. My name is Paulette, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity.
Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. On slide 2 of the earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, you will see a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders, our 2016 10-K Report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. Turning to slides 3, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the first quarter. Below you see our operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more beautiful trend analysis. The comments that management makes on our call today will focus on operating financial results. I'd also like to point out that we've added some disclosure this quarter in our Protection segment. Now you can see the P&L drivers of our Life and Health business and for our Auto and Home business. In addition, we moved the closed block of long-term care business from the Protection segment to the Corporate and Other segment. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining today's earnings call. I'll provide my perspective on the business, Walter will discuss the numbers in more detail, and then we'll take your questions. Let's get started. Ameriprise had a good first quarter. I'm pleased with our start to the year. The operating and market environment has been more stable. Equity markets have settled down after the post election spike, and investment sentiment has improved. However, markets are still in a wait-and-see mode for further policy decisions and clarification. And the U.S. Federal Reserve has started to increase short-term rates from near-record lows. That said, the regulatory and geopolitical environment remains quite fluid. Across the firm, we remained sharply focused on serving our clients and advisors, as we execute our strategy for growth and long-term value creation. We posted new records for assets under management and administration at $818 billion and Ameriprise retail client assets at almost $500 billion. Our growth in assets and increased client activity were reflected in our first quarter financial results. We delivered significant growth in operating EPS of 24% and an operating return on equity that's consistently among the best in the industry at nearly 24% and over 26% before unlocking. In fact, it was one of the strongest quarters in Wealth Management, the primary growth engine of Ameriprise, which represents over 70% of the company's activities. There was a significant need for financial advice. The opportunity has never been greater. Ameriprise is well situated as the leader in financial advice. Key to our strategy is growing our retail client base and serving one mass affluent and affluent investors. We're particularly focused on attracting those investors with $500,000 to $5 million in investable assets. Ameriprise retail client assets were up 11%, as we focused on serving them in advice relationship, supported with a full suite of products and our Confident Retirement approach. We continue to invest significantly in our brand, technology, tools and training to help our advisors grow their productivity and to further strengthen awareness of Ameriprise and our value proposition. We're building on our successful Be Brilliant national advertising campaign and launched new broadcast and online advertising during the quarter. Ameriprise brand awareness is near an all-time high. And we're investing in new digital advice capabilities and further enhancing tools to help clients work even more collaboratively with our advisors and to help our advisors deepen their relationships even further. And we're providing extensive leadership support and coaching for our advisors to help them serve existing clients more fully through advice relationships, earn more referrals and increase their practice value. Over the past year, the regulatory developments absorbed significant management resources and advisor retention as we worked with our advisors to understand potential changes for the industry and Ameriprise related to the DOL fiduciary rule. In addition, we began implementing certain changes that are aligned with where the industry is headed, for example, our transition to advisory shares without 12b-1 fees. And things are going well. We continue to manage this period of change and we're starting to turn our focus to more growth. In fact, we're experiencing strong growth in our fee-based businesses that reflects industry trends to fee-based relationships. Our investment advisory platform is one of the largest in the industry and growing as a larger part of the business as we see continue shift to fee-based. In fact, net inflows and wrap more than doubled to nearly $4 billion, while transactional activity maintained up 4% in the quarter as our advisors served our clients more fully, and we had strong growth in client cash balances, money that can be put to work going forward. With the investments we've made in technology, tools and support, advisors are growing their productivity up about 13% from the first quarter a year ago, adjusted for 12b-1s. Advisors across the industry are recognizing the value we offer them and their clients. I'm proud that Ameriprise has become a top destination for advisors who are looking to grow and adapt in a dynamic environment. In the quarter, nearly 100 experienced productive advisors moved their practices to Ameriprise. And the productivity of our more recent hires is about 20% higher than advisors recruited a year ago, and our pipeline looks good. As part of our focus on bringing in more advisors, yesterday, we announced an agreement to acquire a broker-dealer with about 200 advisors that specializes in serving clients of financial institutions including banks and credit unions. It complements our growth strategy and we expect to finalize the acquisition later this year. With regard to our annuities and insurance capabilities, we continue to execute a managed strategy within our Wealth Management framework to provide our clients with good solutions, while we focus on appropriate risk management and shareholder returns. Our Annuity and Life and Health businesses are performing in line with our expectations. Annuity sales decreased year-over-year in the quarter, reflecting the slowdown in the industry, reflecting the regulatory environment. In regard to our Life and Health insurance business, we continue to ensure advisors can offer insurance options as part of our Confident Retirement approach and we had a good pickup in installment sales in the quarter. In Auto and Home, we continue to see improvement in the business across the areas we're focused on and have discussed with you. For example, our loss ratio in Auto improved to 75% from nearly 88%. We continue to take rate across the franchise as well as enhance our claims management, pricing and underwriting. However, first quarter was one of the worst catastrophic quarters for the industry in decades and resulted in losses above what we had expected. Without this, we would've shown nice improvement. We continue to be very focused on further executing against our plan to get back to good returns. In Asset Management, we continue to generate good profitability while adjusting to a period of change in the industry. We're focusing on delivering value for our clients and distribution partners, while continuing to invest in areas that will provide future growth opportunities and greater efficiencies. Columbia Threadneedle has established strong 3-, 5- and 10-year investment track records. We had a good start to the year in terms of performance, which strengthened our U.S. equity franchises, coming back from a weaker fourth quarter. We've benefited from our quality, growth bias in equities this year, as markets have settled down after the U.S. election. With regard to fixed income, our track records are strong and have even improved further over the last year. We have 111 Morningstar 4- and 5-star funds. In addition, we were recently recognized with five more Lipper Fund Awards in the U.S. and 20 awards in the UK and Europe. In regard to distribution, we put in place a strategy to compete successfully both here in the U.S. and internationally. In U.S. intermediary, we're focusing our sales efforts in direct alignment with helping advisors build appropriate portfolios and grow their practices as they help clients address their goals, whether that's growing their assets, generating income, navigating the rate environment, tax efficiency, or managing volatility. While we're in outflows similar to other active players, gross sales year-over-year has risen over 9% in many of our anchor funds and strategic fund categories, and market share increased in many of our key intermediary relationships. In UK and European wholesale, we're seeing improvement in sales as we move back into net inflows in the quarter. As an example, we started to see good sales in the UK, Germany and Spain in March. And hopefully, as the uncertainty with the European elections dissipates, we'll continue to have a good opportunity for growth. And finally, in third-party institutional, we saw a pickup in (11:38) in the quarter, primarily in our fixed income area. Unfortunately, even though our performance was good, we were impacted by continued reduction in assets from a sovereign wealth fund in the Middle East, a continuing industry-wide event due to sovereign fund liquidity needs. As with retail, we're complementing our traditional institutional business with continued progress, expanding our solutions business, especially in multi-asset and adaptive risk products. In addition to making good progress on our strategy, we're investing to expand our product lines in areas that will provide future growth opportunities. This includes our solutions business. As an example, the Columbia Adaptive Risk Allocation Fund has a strong three-year track record and it was second last year in terms of net flows in its Morningstar category. In addition, we're starting to see some initial traction in other new products like the Threadneedle Dynamic Real Return Fund and absolute return funds in EMEA, which we're building upon. In addition, we continue to put focus on expanding our responsible investment product line, building on our strength in the UK. And we're further building our strategic beta business in the U.S. through our recent acquisition and the sustainable income funds we've launched last year. We plan to build out our offerings across asset classes and styles. With regard to other strategic investments, we've launched a new global advertising campaign highlighting the benefits of our consistent and collaborative approach to investing. We're focused on key markets in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, and based on our initial launch, it's been favorably received. In addition, while we are making these targeted growth investments, we're continuing to manage expenses well and benefiting from our reengineering strength. We are making adjustments to our product lines and our organization to better leverage our global capabilities, including moving our front, middle and back office capabilities from regional to a global platform. We began this last year and expect to be completed mid-2018, which will provide greater efficiencies and will allow us to better serve our clients. Our margins remain competitive. Overall, for Asset Management, we've built a competitive global business and we continue to focus on key actions to strengthen our position in a changing marketplace. Though we will continue to experience a level of outflows including in our closed books that reflect our acquisitions, we are adapting to the industry change and are confident that we can maintain competitive margins while investing in areas of growth. So, overall, for Ameriprise, I'd like to highlight two key components of our story. We continue to grow nicely and we're generating more of our earnings from our less capital demanding business. In first quarter, Advice and Wealth Management and Asset Management drove 66% of our pre-tax operating earnings excluding Corporate. And the strategies and actions we've described to you today will continue to drive this progression further. Second, maintaining our excellent financial foundation is core to how we operate the company. Our capital position and shareholder return are key differentiators of Ameriprise. Our business generates significant free cash flow, and the actions we've taken to evolve our business mix are key elements of our differentiated level of capital returned. In fact, yesterday, we announced two additional actions that reflect the strength of our financial foundation and consistent capital management approach. We increased our regular quarterly dividend another 11%, the 10th increase over the past eight years. And we announced another $2.5 billion share repurchase program as we're nearing the end of our current authorization. In closing, I feel very good about our position and our ability to continue to build for the future. There is an immense need for advice products and services, as wealth develops around the world. Our business generates good earnings and strong free cash flow that we reinvest in the business and return to shareholders. Our return on equity is consistently among the strongest in financial services, and the financial foundation we built allows us to remain opportunistic. And I feel good about our ability to navigate an evolving industry and consistently generate shareholder value. Walter?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise continues to execute on the strategy Jim outlined to transform our business mix. We continue to generate strong free cash flow and return capital to shareholders, while delivering growth in EPS and higher returns on equity. Advice and Wealth Management continues to be our primary growth driver, now representing 45% of total revenue. We continue to manage expenses tightly across the firm, while making target investments that will support future growth. Finally, our balance sheet remains strong. In the quarter, we returned 111% of operating earnings to shareholders, which included the repurchase of 2.9 million shares. We also announced yesterday an 11% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.83 per share as well as an additional share repurchase authorization of $2.5 billion through June 30, 2019, which is similar to our prior authorization established in December of 2015. Turning to slide 6, Ameriprise delivered very strong operating earnings per share of $2.70, which included the tax benefit from a share-based compensation accounting change of $0.17 per share. We delivered good top line performance at Ameriprise, with Advice and Wealth Management revenue up 8% on an operating basis. In addition, we demonstrated strong expense discipline. G&A increased 3%, reflecting elevated Corporate segment expenses relating to DOL and a few unusual items. We returned a substantial amount to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases with $478 million returned in the quarter, which represents 111% of operating earnings. Let's turn to slide 7. The Advice and Wealth Management business continues to perform very well, delivering strong business metrics and financial results. Operating net revenue was $1.3 billion, up $97 million in the quarter from solid wrap net inflows, increased fee-based revenue and higher earnings of brokerage cash. Adjusting for one fewer fee day and the impact from changes to 12b-1 fees, revenue grew 12%. We successfully completed the previously-announced move to share classes that do not have 12b-1 fees for advisory accounts, which reduced revenue by $34 million in the quarter. This was about half of the revenue impact that we expected going forward. From a PTI and margin perspective, the impact of this change is very small and we expect it to be neutralized by other actions we are taking. Overall expenses were 5%, reflecting higher distribution expenses, which included the investments made in experienced advisor recruits. However, we're tightly managing G&A expenses, up 3% from last year, as we make targeted investments for growth. Revenue growth and expense discipline drove operating earnings up 21% to $248 million and an excellent operating margin at 19. 2%. Moving to slide 8, overall, client asset levels reached a new high at $0.5 trillion. Assets continue to move into fee-based accounts with wrap net inflows of $3.9 billion. At the same time, we saw increased transactional activity, specifically within retail brokerage and financial planning. This demonstrates that our broad product offering and financial planning focus are valued by clients. Brokerage cash assets remained near and all-time high at $26 billion, even with the growth in wrap accounts and higher transactional volumes. Earnings on cash balances increased this quarter reflecting the December rate movement, while we only saw a portion of the impact from the March rate increase. So we expect additional interest revenue growth in the second quarter. We previously indicated that as the Fed raises rates, we'd expect to keep approximately 80% of the first 100 basis point increase. Like others in the industry, we've kept the majority of the rate increases to-date. With any subsequent rate increases, we will evaluate the appropriate level to share with the client based on the operating competitive environment at that time. Asset Management continues to generate good profitability, as you can see on slide 9. Operating net revenue was flat year-over-year at $726 million. Market appreciation was offset by net outflows, one less fee day, foreign exchange and lower performance fees than a year ago. We continue to maintain industry competitive margins by tightly managing expenses and making targeted growth investments as you can see, G&A decreased 3%. Pre-tax operating earnings were $150 million, unchanged compared to a year ago, and margins remained at 35%. Assets under management were $467 billion, up 1%. Net outflows were $5.6 billion in the quarter, which includes $2.4 billion related to the normal level of low fee former parent outflows. Global retail net outflows were $3 billion, as industry flows out of active strategies in the United States and geopolitical uncertainty in the UK and Europe impacted results. In global third-party institutional, outflows were $200 million with good inflows from the funding of several mandates. This was offset by a $1.1 billion outflow from an institutional client with a specific liquidity need. Overall, performance remains good with sequential improvement in one-year performance for domestic equities relative to benchmarks and peer groups. A few of our newer products, like (23:41) now have strong 3-year track records, which makes them more appealing to retail and institutional clients. On slide 10, you can see that Ameriprise continues to make progress in shifting its business mix to less capital intense businesses. Advice and Wealth Management and Asset Management make up 66% of Ameriprise pre-tax operating earnings, excluding Corporate and Other segment. We anticipate that this shift will continue and reach 75% over the near term. Let's turn to Annuities and Protection on slide 11. Annuities pre-tax operating earnings was up 12% to $139 million. This increase reflects positive impacts of equity market appreciation, partially offset by ongoing favorable impacts from unlocking. Variable annuity net outflows increased in the quarter, reflecting a decline in VA sales, in line with recent industry trends as well as higher lapses. Another trend we're seeing emerge is among clients outside of surrender period shifting to fee-based advisory accounts. Life and Health earnings declined $13 million to $68 million in the quarter, driven by two favorable items in 2016. Specifically, a $6 million benefit from recapturing a block of life reinsurance and disability insurance claims that were extremely favorable. Overall, claims in the quarter are within expected ranges. Auto and Home results improved by $8 million from last year, despite higher cat losses from a few storms in March. We are pleased with the improvement in our underlying loss performance for this business from the steps we have taken to improve results. Our loss ratio was 88%, down from 92% last year and included 9 points from cat losses. We remain focused on managing our cat exposure in the quarter. We entered several new reinsurance arrangements to reduce this risk. We anticipate benefits in upcoming quarters from those arrangements as well as numerous changes to products, pricing, claims and underwriting that we have implemented. We continue to monitor our underlying reserve levels and are seeing continued improved development. However, we are waiting for additional experience to emerge before adjusting reserves to reflect these trends. You'll see on slide 12 that our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. Our excess capital is nearly $2 billion, with an estimated RBC ratio consistent at approximately 500%. Our hedge programs has been quite effective, and we remain focused on mitigating exposures. The investment portfolio remains strong and diversified with a net unrealized gain position of $1.3 billion. We returned almost $500 million of capital to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of 2.9 million shares in the quarter, which was 111% of operating earnings. We continue to target to return 90% to 100% of operating earnings to shareholders as a baseline, but as we did this quarter, we will adjust as we assess market conditions and our evaluation. And with that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning. G&A costs have been flat to down in Advice and Wealth Management for several years now. Is the 3.5% increase that we saw this quarter more typical of what we should expect going forward or do you view it as somewhat elevated in the quarter?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It's Walter. I view it as somewhat elevated. I think the expenses will be managed as we've managed in previous years. Obviously, it's situational, but we certainly anticipate to have marginal increase in expense.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then on the move to a more global from regional platform, (28:45) you expect to spend your current Asset Management margins in the 35% range or should we expect it to provide upside?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, we're moving to new global platforms to a front, middle and back office. And when we complete that in mid-2018, we feel that it will give us some efficiencies and reduce some of our operating cost there, but it'll also give us better servicing capabilities and better abilities to leverage our capabilities globally that will also give us some leverage. So we think that it will give us some efficiencies from a cost perspective as well as some opportunity for us to grow the revenue side even more fully.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everybody. I actually have Brian Bedell on the line with me as well. Before I turn it over to him, just had a question more on the balance sheet side. Can you maybe talk about your retail exposure in the CML portfolio and the CMBS portfolio, and how you manage it, how you think about it, just given the stress that we see in that space?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, our exposure actually is quite manageable. As we look at it both from the standpoint of direct investment in real estates and other aspects of that, we have been managing that portfolio down. Our loan to book ratios are quite good and quite strong, and our concentration levels are quite low. So we feel very confident in the portfolio.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Can you talk maybe about your exposure to Class B and C malls, how you think about that?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay. We do not have any large – exposure to large box situations, and our mall exposure – again, it is small from the standpoint and it is – that's where we've concentrated keeping the loan to book value quite aligned and at an appropriate level. So we feel really good about it. It's an older book that's been working its way down.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I'll turn it over to Brian.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much, Yaron. Just a couple quick questions if I may. I appreciate you taking my questions. One, maybe on the – you mentioned obviously the 12b-1 changes across the complex. Can you talk a little bit more about the advisory shares, what type of fee arrangements in general that they have? And then what type of impact that may have caused the advisors to switch, if at all, to different fund families, either between active and passive or to ones that had different fee structures?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So, what we did is we eliminated the 12b-1 on the portfolios that the advisors are already managing. And to the extent that some of those fund share classes did not have the one without the 12b-1, we're rebating it back to the client in those instances. In that regard, the advisors are still able to maintain the portfolios as constructed with no change there. The advisors themselves, based on the charges that they make to the client, first of all, are very competitive against the industry. We look at that. We benchmark that. And in fact, based on our asset levels, they're actually below wirehouse levels of charges as well as independents in most all categories. So, what advisors then look at is the services they render. They'll see if there's any adjustments that they want there or other planning services that they'll render on their behalf. But in most cases, the portfolios are as constructed, have stayed the way they are. Advisors always adjust their portfolios. They have ETFs and passes as part of those portfolios as well. And they'll continue to monitor those activities and rebalance them as appropriate based on market conditions. So, that has gone very smoothly. As Walter said, half of the revenue was reduced in the first quarter. All of that has now changed, and so this is the second quarter, the rest of that will be removed from the P&Ls, but also from the advisors.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just maybe a longer term broader industry question. Maybe if you could just talk about your appetite within Asset Management for doing more acquisitions in the active space. And then just also if you can talk about the Columbia and Threadneedle integration, what's going well and the timeline of that, and maybe just some challenges that you – if you're having any challenges there, things that are perceived to be a little bit more difficult than you thought originally.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So from an M&A, listen, we continue to scout, but we're looking for things that might fit in neatly that would add or complement their activities for some of the products such that we're trying to build and grow. And so if things come about, we're interested. On the other side, we're not running out to do acquisitions at this point in time. If some can't be good for us that's of appropriate value, that we can get synergistic opportunities. But as I said, we're very much focused on improving our core organic business, making investments when necessary. And as I said, if something comes along that complements, that we'll look for it. From a perspective of the globalization, organizationally, now that has been bedded down well. The teams are working together. In fact, we're getting some very good opportunities between the international investments side and the U.S. Research is now done and shared globally. There are certain of our product portfolios that have done in a complementary fashion. We're leveraging some of the learnings as well as, as I said even operationally, how we'll go, putting the front, the middle, back office together. So, that has to come along nicely. It always takes a little longer than you want at the beginning, but then the synergies and the starts of the conversations actually grow nicely. And so we feel very comfortable and that should proceed nicely as we move forward.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You see that as improving your ability to do future acquisitions in terms of getting through this integration with success?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes, because once we move the global platforms, again, if we were to add some other asset managers, either internationally, domestically, we'll have a consistent platform to put them on rather than two separate ones. And the platforms that we're putting in place will be up to the greatest of what's out there in the level of capabilities that are currently in the marketplace.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. Great. Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Thanks, guys. Jim, first question just around the strategy for you guys. So given obviously your better rate backdrop and potentially a lighter regulation, what are your latest thoughts on potentially reentering the banking landscape? You obviously had to drop the bank charter because of very different regulatory backdrop a couple of years ago. So just wondering as you're thinking about monetizing the cash balances, does that at all change with the current kind of administrative setup?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, yeah, as you said, we did once have a bank that was mainly servicing against our advisor base, not as a separate institution. So we're continuing to look at opportunities to add other services back to our advisor network. And based on a regulatory regime and some other things that may occur, we might look at opportunities that would be complementary or partnerships that we would grab. So it's one of the things we constantly review, but things haven't necessarily changed dramatically yet. So we'll stay tuned and see what may make sense down the road.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got you. Thanks. And then just a separate question around the VA business. So obviously, sales has come down, but also withdrawals picked up quite significantly. It sounds like a good chunk of the book may be entered the surrender period. So maybe it just makes it easier for clients to move the cash. So any sense you could give us on how much of the book is through the surrender charge period, what could that kind of percentage look like by the end of the year, and ultimately how much of your wrap account flows was effectively funded by withdrawals from the VA business.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I'd just say we saw a slowdown in our sales a bit like around 11% or so. I think the industry is still running a bit more than that, almost double. I would also say that, yeah, there was a little bit of where things were out of surrender (38:08). The people and advisors probably moved more to the wrap business right now based on the regulatory of what was still unclear with the DOL as we moved through the first quarter. So we'll see how that unfolds, but that's still not a negative for us. It goes into the wrap business versus into a new entity. So we're very comfortable with that, but Walter, I don't know...
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Right. Alex, (38:31) question. About 50% is within surrender and really was elevated. Again, it's within ranges from our actuarial standpoint. So we're just observing, and I think we are in line with the industry on this.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks for that. And then just the last cleanup question on AWM guys for you. The 12b-1 fees, the $34 million this quarter, any way to break it down how much of that is coming out of the franchisee channel versus the employee channel, and on the remaining piece, should we think about the mix being obviously the same as what we saw in the first quarter?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes, so I would say you're probably talking about three-quarters – two-thirds to three-quarters coming out of the franchisee versus the employee. From a margin perspective, in the first quarter, about three-quarters, it's sort of worked out, of the margin came out in the first quarter that hit the company, and there is about a quarter or a third left, something like that, from a PTI margin impact that will come out in the second quarter, just based on the way things would build and the accruals, et cetera. So we feel very comfortable in managing that. All that was converted already. So it started in February and moved through March. And some things have built at the beginning, end of the quarter. So we think that it's already done perspective and the rest will translate through the P&L. So there will be a bit more about an equal revenue impact in the second quarter, but actually a bit less from a margin perspective because we took most of that in the first quarter.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, good morning, everybody. I have a question about the acquired financial advisor firm. I am just wondering if you could give us some metrics. I know you don't want to talk about terms of the transaction, but maybe average productivity per advisor or average client assets or something along those lines, maybe a few metrics that would help us understand what its impact is going to be on the Advice and Wealth Management segment once you bring it in?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay. So it was approximately 200 advisors, about $8 billion of assets. I don't know whether we disclosed anything. I would probably say the average productivity is in the 300 range or thereabouts. And they really focus really on the financial institutional channel, which is banks, credit unions, et cetera. It's something that we never really – I mean some of our advisors do that, but not as a concerted effort in a coordinated way. And so we saw the opportunity that would some of our value proposition, some of our capabilities, some of our solutions that that will help them ramp up. That's what they saw as an opportunity that Ameriprise would be very complementary to help them scale further and make the investments necessary for that to be a very strong channel for us down the road. So we look at it as another opportunity to branch out or to further expand. It adds a nice firm that developed over the last two decades or so. And so we think it will be a complementary acquisition for us.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Is it big enough, Jim, that – it sounds like the margin there is maybe a little bit lighter. I'm guessing at that, though. But is it big enough to actually move the needle on your overall margin?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No. No, it isn't. And as you said, yeah, it would be a little less since the way it's managed as more an independent, but we think that that's something that we could add value to with what we're doing and why we're doing. So over time, I think it will add to our margins and will improve what it has there, but actually help them grow even more, which would even expand the revenue and the asset base. So we think it will be nice over time, but it's not going to be, in the near term, something that will move the needle in any way.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And then just two more quick ones. One, about $10 million in DOL-related transition costs this quarter. How do we think about that for the remainder of the year?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It's Walter. It will be decreasing again. We see it decreasing slightly in the second quarter and then trailing up. Again, it's dependent on as the situation evolves with the government and with the DOL where it's going to go. But, certainly, a lot of – we're winding down certain aspects and other aspects that we feel that we brought it to a logical point and then just we're going to wait and see.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And then lastly – thank you. Lastly, on the Auto and Home business. I'm just curious, particularly, in light of the commentary about the new catastrophe reinsurance program. I'm wondering if you could give us a sense or characterize maybe what you think is a normal level of catastrophe losses for the business either over a full year, something along those lines, whether in dollars or in points on the combined ratio. Someway for us to get a sense for what you guys considering your pricing formula to be a normal level of cats?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So, obviously, John, it's going to be tough for me to forecast something that's not forecastable, but...
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: No, I'm not asking (44:05) I am asking you what's in the model, yeah.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Let me answer this question in the way, I think, is where you're trying to get to. Listen, we thought in the first quarter the cat were going to be lower, and obviously when we spread our plan for that, it was the same level as last year, which was – those two years now elevated. So we're seeing hopefully that they will drop as it goes into third quarter because it was a timing issue. The thing that we'd done, that we do control, is really the ability to mitigate it. And that's what we've done with these two reinsurance – additional reinsurance arrangements, which will allow us to at least try and reduce the expense implications as it moves forward as it relates to progressive element, as it relates to the cumulated aspects of this. So we're feeling comfortable that we have an ability to mitigate it, but obviously we can't forecast exactly where the levels are going to be.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: The only thing I would add to what Walter said at the very beginning, again, you can look at of an industry is actually cats were running nicely below in the first quarter until the very end of March. And you saw there is a number of storms that picked up around the U.S., particularly in the Central sites. And so, listen, so far, April has been a little quieter. But you never know, knock wood, but it could have been some of that move from the normal period of the second quarter at the very end of the first. But again, we don't know, but what we've done is put these other agreements in place that if it does come in heavier, we'll take some of the load off and we think that was appropriate thing to do. And to your point, we'll get a better sense after we go through a few more quarters of what that may look like, but we've made adjustments in our business, some policy adjustments, some reinsurance adjustments even where we are writing business or not writing business, and some of the containment that we made in some of the partners that we're working with that should reduce cat losses over time. So very much, we have our eye on and we think that this could be an improving situation for us.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, I appreciate all of that. I don't think it's that big area of focus. I was just more curious not in terms of forecasting the weather, but just what you think would be a more normal kind of the year. That's all.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Listen, I wish I knew at this point, but your question is very valid. Having said that, we were a little – it was running nicely consistent back to old periods. But listen, it reared its little head so hopefully, it'll be a little better as we go forward. But thank you for the question.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Understood. Thanks.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: John, I usually get that question from Jim. So, that's why (46:45)
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I asked that question to Walter too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Just looking at Asset Management's adjusted pre-tax operating margin, so the 35% is definitely resilient given you have one less fee day and given some of the outflow challenges. But it's still at the lower end of your target. So I guess, my question is, what will need to happen in order, for you, to hit the upper end of your 35% to 39% target for the segment?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: The key thing we control there is managing the expenses, obviously, and we are doing it. And as we get higher revenue weighted inflows, that will improve in that certainly the markets, but this quarter, you are correct that there was a lower fee day, certainly impacted the revenue. And certainly, we had lower performance fees. So as we look at it, it's a range. And we believe with the markets where they are and the way we're managing the business and looking at the flows, that we will stay in that range. I can't really predict if we're going to be moving up and down the range because it is dependent on markets and it is dependent on, again, the elements of what the flows that are coming in and when they're coming in. But we feel that we're in a good range and we are – the 35% to 40% was again different circumstances, different situations, but the business is operating, I think, at a pretty effective level at this stage.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. And then looking at the $1.1 billion of institutional redemptions from a sovereign wealth fund, can you maybe remind us what percentage of your institutional AUM right now is from sovereign wealth fund from clients?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I believe, right now, it's somewhere in the $3 billion to $4 billion range, or something in that range.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, that's only that one.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: That one sovereign, yeah.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It actually might be a little less than that right now. But again, listen, I think the situation there is one that could change over time as they're making adjustments in what they need. Having said that, I think it's something we feel very comfortable what we're managing for them and the performance of it, but those are decisions that they make periodically, as we know, and I think other providers are having that same dialog.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. And then just on a broader terms for the institutional side, so adjusting for that $1.1 billion redemption and the former parent stuff, it looks like third-party institutional net flows were a positive $800 million. Is that a good representation of your current pipeline for the institutional business?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes. So the third-party institutional as the pipeline still remains pretty good. And as we said, there's always – it's lumpy when you get the fundings, et cetera, but the pipeline still looks good. And yeah, it should be that. It could be a bit more positive. It depends on when things come in. As I said, it would have been more positive in first quarter without that negative redemption that we weren't expecting. But having said that, yeah, we should see some positives coming from third-party is what we're expecting.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thank you. Just a couple questions. The expense ratio on protection for Auto and Home was 20%. Should we think of that as a run rate or a one-off level?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay, it's Walter, again. It's a bit high. You should see that we're anticipating that would be in the mid-18%, out to maybe 18.7% or 18.8% range for the year.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay, great. And then at what point do we start talking about the DOL rule uncertainty in some ways being more disruptive than the actual rule itself?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So, listen, I think there is the delay to June. With that, they said they still want to move – have a best interest level, but that the delay is to 2018 now. So I think there's the comment letters that went into department. I think, as we know, there isn't a new head there yet. Hopefully, that will be approved soon. And so I would probably say we still are hoping that that goes through the type of review that the administration has asked for and that that would be done in a more comprehensive fashion. And so, I guess, we just have to stay tuned. But we're preparing ourselves, and we'll continue to make adjustments where appropriate and necessary, but we'll wait to see. And again, I think it's something that should be looked at. I think you heard from the SEC yesterday that said, hey, this is something that we might want to take up as well. And I think having one consistent regulatory type of regime would be great in regard to non-qual (52:27). So we'll see. We'll probably know more over the next number of weeks.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thank you for your time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research: Hi. Thank you. Walter, I was hoping you could talk about the geography of your excess capital and how much resides in the life company versus with the holding company or in Advice and Wealth and Asset Management at this point.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay. The geography is basically, it is across the spectrum. The majority of it is generated from the life company, but we generate very strong returns. As you can see, we're over 500% – we're right at 500% in our RBC, and looking at our ratios of regional portion, I'd say about around 50% comes from the Life and then the balance comes from Asset Management and Advice and Wealth Management.
Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research: Got it. That's helpful. And then on the Life piece, I mean the 500% RBC ratio is obviously still pretty strong. It's come down a lot over the last year. So should we think of that as that's where some of the sort of, I guess, decline in excess capital has come from or are there other factors that have moved the RBC ratio around?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, there's other factors, but as we talked about, it was our intention to always keep the RBC ratio in the 500% range and obviously there are other factors that take it up and we're constantly evaluating that, so we feel comfortable with that range and of course that is above the minimum standards from the rating agency.
Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Walter, first, if I could start on your comment on cash balances in terms of the margin that you should keep, I think you mentioned – the 80% had been your prior guidance and it sounds like you're still sticking with that through the increase we've had so far. What was the comment you made about going forward? Was that from this point forward or do you still expect to keep 80% for a while here before we get to the point where you're saying you're going to determine how much you need to pass back to clients based on competitive conditions? Can you provide a little more clarity on that?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Sure, so, Tom, the 80% was basically a guideline as we talked about the first 100%. And so far, there has been 75 basis points. We've kept the majority of it. I think going forward, it is really going to be a situational element. As we assess it, we still believe that. As we look at what's happening in the industry, a large portion of that should certainly be retained, but we will again gauge is what competition and looking at the client elements of it. So the 80% was strictly just to give you guideline on first 100%. And like I said, with the 75 basis points we have, we've kept the majority of it. So going forward, I think we're just going to gauge it as we look at and what's competitive.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Remember, the first 100 basis points is coming off of very bottom, so it's very different than the past where you really had rates of 1% and 2% already. So I think that's why the industry pretty much is keeping all that the banking institutions, et cetera, because you'll have very low rates. So I think as you get into the second 100 basis points is probably where the sharing will begin.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: And just from your comments, it sounds like you still think you can keep 50% or maybe a little more, but clearly not the 80%. Is that a fair way to think about it?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I'll probably say on the next two or something, we're probably closer to the very high keeping. As you get more in between the 1% and the 2% that you range up your sharing as you go up. So I think, again, for the next initial raises, it's still going to be probably keeping majority, and then you start shifting it over time. But again, I think we're all monitoring what's happening in general out there, but as I said, we are off a very, very low basis, why it's a little different than in the past.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Got you. And then just a question on the outsized flows in Advice and Wealth and the wrap rapid accounts, is what we're seeing here really the shift more heavily into fee-based structures and away from commission-oriented sales? I assume that we're seeing – the DOL kind of knock-on effect is probably partly what's driving the outsized flows, but I just wanted to confirm if that's what you're thinking. And then, related question is, if that's what happening, do you think – are your, call it, earnings contribution on those flows a net positive over the lost revenues on commission-type sales? If you get my question. I'm just trying to understand where are we in that (57:46)?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so let me give you our perspective. So number one, I would say is this, there has been a continued shift to fee-based in the industry, whether DOL or not DOL. I mean, as we look at our business, as you said, we are probably one of the highest fee-based already and that continuation continues to occur with advisors based on serving their clients in that fashion. So I think, if anything, for some other parties, the DOL may have accelerated that for others that they are making a firm commitment that's the way they want to do business. So in our case, yeah, I think it did contribute to some of the step up in activity. I think that as I would say on commissions, we're still up 4% on commissions year-over-year, it wasn't as though we dropped in commissions and all that when we did the fee-based. So I think it's still maintaining a level of commission-based business. I think what's unclear now is because the DOL didn't get firmed up, that people are still – okay, is commission something that we want to continue to think about and how. So I think as that gets firmed up in some way, you might see again a settling. It doesn't mean that there won't be a shift back from fee-based. I think that shift was occurring anyway. But I think at the same time, commission-based could maintain as a reasonable part of people's activities because it makes sense for a number of clients. It's even more efficient for them. And there are certain products that are sold that way that is easy to be sold that way. So for those reasons, that's the way I would think about it. I don't know if I answered all your questions, or did I miss a piece of it?
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: No. I think – so the fact of the matter is, you're still up 4% year-over-year on commission revenue. So this would be additive. When I think about growth, the outsized flows in wrap accounts should be additive, not just replacing loss. Can you (59:50).
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, I think, as I said, if it was where the DOL was firmly moving there, you probably see even that continued shift more dramatic probably. Having said that, because it's not, or because it's unclear of what that is, then you'll still get a level of both as you go forward. The difference between commission and a wrap fee over time, as you get the fee over time versus you get more of that upfront. So, that impacts your time of period, not necessarily economically, it's worse off or better off, I think it's more of a time of period.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Got you. And then just one final one. The $60 million or so variable annuity net income negative adjustment, that is market impact from guaranteed benefits. Walter, can you explain what that was exactly? I guess, it was (01:00:44) negative.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: That's from market – strictly from market and the hedges. That's the market and the impact on the hedges.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Got it.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Okay.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: So, that was the difference between the hedge performance relative to the mark in the liability. Is that the way to think (01:00:59)?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: And it's the statutory liability. That's right.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Just on Advice and Wealth Management, I saw that the PTI was down sequentially despite the strong markets and the strong flows, et cetera. So I just wanted to get a sense of is that 12b-1 impact, is that being fully offset in the quarter in terms of lower expenses or is there a little bit of a mismatch there in terms of timing?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, it's not a perfect match. So remember, the 12b-1 would impact on almost an equal margin basis based on our sharing versus the total that we pass on to the advisors. So we got impacted in the quarter roughly about $9 million from a contribution margin. And it was a little bit higher versus the total of it, as I've said, to the total of the revenue and the 12b-1 just based on how the accruals and the billings and things went. What I would say then is we were able to, based on some of the expense reductions we did going through the fourth quarter and some of the fee adjustments we've made, to offset that and maintain our margin levels, et cetera, but I can't tell you whether it was a perfect timing one there. But we feel very comfortable and the other third you (01:02:31) come out will be about a $3 million margin hit to us in the second quarter, but again, based on some of the other adjustments, we should offset that. So I think it's pretty much margin neutral from a 12b-1 perspective. Remember, those are other reengineering, other activities that we've done separate and apart from that to try to offset it.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: When you say margin neutral, I mean is it – should we also think about that as being PTI neutral because that was kind of the question that we were down sequentially in PTI, not the margin?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So I would say sequentially again, your fourth quarter was a little stronger. You also had the 12b-1s ones in there. So I think there is a number of different things. You got expenses and compensation up higher in the first quarter because of all your payroll stuff, even our accruals that you make in the first quarter. So it's not an apples-to-apples quarter sequentially. Walter probably can give you more information there, but we had a strong quarter, but you also have increased, because of compensation, other things that all hit in the first quarter. And so you can't look at that sequentially.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Got it.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: And I think that pattern on the sequentially is actually consistent in the way you do it and you do get a different situation with the first quarter on the VAs and a number of elements with that. So I think from our standpoint, it is tracking sequentially and certainly where we anticipate it will be, Suneet.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. I would say, Suneet, we feel very good about how the quarter came out, the margins in the quarter, what that does on a consistent trend line for what we're looking for. So we feel quite good about it. I know it's hard because you've got a lot of moving parts, but we feel good about what we did book there.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's fair. Just a quick follow-up on the performance fees in Asset Management. I saw they were zero in the quarter versus, I think, $6 million in the year ago. Is there a timing element there or is your expectation that 2017 will be lighter than 2016 in terms of overall performance fees?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It's tough to estimate, Suneet, but it's certainly – really at this stage, it's something that is tough to estimate from that standpoint because you've property funds, different funds coming in and all that. So it is we're just looking at quarter-to-quarter.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then maybe just one last one. Just on the 98 new advisors that you added in the quarter, I mean that seems to be a little bit higher than where you have been running in recent quarters. I just want to get a sense of, is that coming from wirehouses, independents? Just any color on that would be helpful.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes, so we've actually brought in a very good class of advisors, as I said, with strong productivity. We continue to attract them from wirehouses, but we're also seeing some pickup from independents as well. But I would probably say more so on the wirehouse front at this point in time.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Is that are those guys going into the employee channel?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It's been a mix, but the wirehouse, yeah, a bit more into the employee from there and the franchisee. We attract a bit more from the independent space there, but there's a few that go from wirehouse to the franchisee as well. But what I would say the overall was a very strong quarter for us in that regard.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity – Investor Relations Jim Cracchiolo – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Walter Berman – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Suneet Kamath – Citi Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley Nancy Rosenberg – SunTrust Ryan Krueger – KBW Thomas Gallagher – Evercore ISI Erik Bass – Autonomous Humphrey Lee – Dowling & Partners Yaron Kinar – Deutsche Bank John Nadel – Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2016 Earnings Call. My name is Silvia and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being record. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions. On Slide 2 of the earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, you will see discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically, that during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting Management’s expectations about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2015 annual report to shareholders, our 2015 10-K report, and the first and second quarter of 2016 10-Q reports. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. Turning to Slide 3 and 4, you see our GAAP financial results at the top of the page for the fourth quarter and the full year respectively. Below that, you see our operating results, which Management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. The comments that Management makes on our call today will focus on operating financial results. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning and thank you for joining today’s earnings call. I’ll provide my perspective on the business, and Walter will focus on the numbers, and we will be happy to take your questions. Let’s get started. I feel good about Ameriprise and our position. We had a strong quarter capping off a solid year. Across the firm we remain as focused as ever on serving our clients and advisors while we execute our strategy for growth and long-term value creation. We’re gaining good traction in Advice & Wealth Management and sustaining competitive results across the firm. Meanwhile, the operating environment has been challenging with continued low interest rates and lingering geopolitical unease, although equity markets have rallied post-election and we had a small lift in interest rates at year end. Ameriprise navigated the environment well and we make good progress across the business which I’ll review. Our focus was on executing our strategy while continuing to prepare the business and our advisors to comply with the Department of Labor rule. At the same time Ameriprise delivered solid earnings and very good overall return. We managed the expenses well as we continue to invest in the business to deliver an even more compelling experience for our clients and advisors. As we begin 2017, equity markets are off to a good start and we may also see further improvements in interest rates. In terms of our financial results for the quarter operating net revenues were solid, given headwinds from low rates and foreign exchange. We saw particularly strong revenue growth in AWM. Clearly this is a growth engine for the company and now represents close to 45% of Ameriprise’s total revenue. Operating earnings per diluted share was strong up 11%. We have significant scale, assets under management and administration grew to $787 billion despite an $18 billion negative foreign exchange compare in asset management, which muted strong growth in AWM where we had very good client flows, and our retail client assets ended the year at a record high. In 2016 we continued our track record for delivering a differentiated level of capital return and excellent expense management while handling regulatory change, maintaining our growth investments and a healthy excess capital position. In fact, we returned over 150% of operating earnings to shareholders through dividends and share purchases for the year. That included another increase to Ameriprise’s quarterly dividend early in 2016 and our 11th increase over the past 10 years, and the repurchase of a total of $1.7 billion of shares. With good business results and significant capital return, operating return on equity was very strong at 24.6% at the end of the year excluding the non-cash impact of unlocking or 22.2% including unlocking. Very few financial services companies are generating this level of ROE in capital return. We’ve consistently grown these measures at a meaningful rate. Let’s move to the businesses. Advice & Wealth Management is strong and growing. Ameriprise is one of the largest providers in the industry and we’re well situated with our leadership and financial advice. We’ve navigated a tougher environment well and ended the year with good client flows and nice increase in margins. During the quarter we continue to grow fee-based assets as well as expand pre-tax operating margins in AWM, which were up considerably to 19.3% for the quarter. And if you look at the trend throughout the year, margins grew 100 basis points to 18.1% for the full year. Total client assets increased to a record $479 billion, reflecting continued strength in our investment advisory business, which remains one of the largest in the industry. With regard to our advisors the Ameriprise value proposition and culture is attractive. Our advisors force is strong and they continue to grow productivity with operating total net revenue for financial advisor are $518,000 on a trailing 12-month basis, and it was another good quarter for recruiting with 77 high quality advisors joining the firm. We also had a record year for bringing in larger size practices. We’re starting 2017 with a solid pipeline and expect the recruiting landscape to continue to be fruitful for Ameriprise. The strength of the Ameriprise brand and our reputation is another important differentiator. We had excellent results in 2016. I would Be Brilliant campaign drove the highest brand awareness we’ve ever experienced and it continues to resonate very well with mass affluent and affluent investors, and we’re back on the air with new ads for our Be Brilliant advertising. We also continue to invest in our digital experience on ameriprise.com and the Ameriprise app to provide clients with increase capabilities and security and an even better experience. And building on our strong reputation, Ameriprise continued to earn important industry recognition in the fourth quarter. We’re ranked number one in the investment industry in Temkin Group’s 2016 Net Promoter Score Benchmark Study. In addition, in the Hearts and Wallets 2016 Wants and Pricing survey, Ameriprise is a top performer in customer ratings based on unbiased and puts my interests first in the investment firm category. We’re proud to earn this type of recognition. It confirms even more that the core elements of our advice value proposition and the way we do business, positively influences client satisfaction and loyalty which is important to a long-term growth. As it relates to the DOL rule, clearly the situation is evolving with the new administration. We along with the industry are closely monitoring developments. We’re remaining flexible. If the rule is delayed, we will adjust accordingly. However, there are a few changes that we’re making that are aligned with where the industry is going in our advisory platform when moving from 12b-1 fees to advisory shares for example. As we’ve communicated, any new rule of this significance and complexity needs to be carefully considered, and most importantly, preserve choice for the millions of retirement savers impacted. Our focus remains on ensuring our clients and advisors have access to a broader suite of solutions to help meet client needs, grow and protect their assets and achieve their goals. As we move forward Advice & Wealth Management is situated well. We’re focusing on serving clients needs, growing the business and handling any regulatory adjustments as necessary. Let’s move to Annuities and Protection. We continue to serve our clients longer-term financial security needs through Annuities and Protection offerings. These are solid books that we are managing well. The theme for these businesses is manage growth over time and the performing as expected given persistently low rates in industry trends. In Annuities, VA account balances were up slightly year-over-year from market appreciation. Like others in the industry, our VA sales were down in the quarter and the year, but from what was seen on numbers fared better than the industry given our financial planning focus. The fixed annuity business is performing as we expected in this rate environment. We continue to see good results from the advisor workshops we’ve held throughout the year and high use of the capabilities we have in place. In life insurance, our overall sales were down consistent with the industry. VUL and UL account balances were up 3% given markets, and our life insurance in force remained stable at $196 billion. Overall, claims experience remained within expected ranges. At Ameriprise we continue to focus on being a strong, stable provider that stands behind our clients as we help our advisors improve their productivity and grow. Overall, we’re focused on building on our progress in 2017. We’ve built these books over many decades and feel good about the returns we can generate. And with signs of the 10-year interest rate coming back that would situate us even better as we proceed in 2017. In Auto & Home, our changes are taking hold and we’re seeing improved results. As we’ve discussed we’ve put a good team in place in a number of the product pricing, underwriting and other changes that we’ve implemented are beginning to show up in the numbers. Improvements we’ve made include increased rates and pricing sophistication, more data driven and disciplined underwriting, enhanced segmentation, product changes to mitigate property cat risk and an improved claims management. And we’re seeing improvement in the last development trends and starting to reflect that in our financial results and reserving levels as favorable frequency and severity trends work through the book. Let’s move to Asset Management. As I look back at the quarter, we’ve experienced headwinds similar to other active global players. As always we’re working to deliver the outcomes of our clients expect while generating solid earnings. We’ve been in front of clients during this volatile period and providing our global perspective. Regarding assets under management, we were impacted by an $18 billion unfavorable foreign currency translation on non-U.S. dollar assets. Excluding the currency move, assets under management were essentially flat year-over-year as outflows were offset by equity market appreciation. We’ve focused on further developing our product lines, providing value added services to our distribution partners and earning greater share. We’re managing expenses well and delivered a competitive adjusted net operating margin of 36.5%. In addition, we’re investing in our middle and back office operations and executing a multi-year plan to establish an efficient and effective global platform. For the quarter excluding former parent flows, we have global retail net inflows of about $500 million that included reinvest in dividends. In the U.S. we’re experiencing a bit of a pickup from redemptions in the fourth quarter, as we saw course the industry. However, over the course of the year we’ve been able to grow share on many of our key intermediary platforms. We are very focused on working with partners to achieve their key strategic growth themes. In the UK and European wholesale, we like others in the industry were impacted by the risk of trades that occurred due to the Brexit vote in advance of the U.S. election and the time referendum. The overall political environment had soften wholesale markets, but we are seeing signs that this is settling down. In terms of institutional, our win rate remains strong and we have a healthy pipeline of opportunities in a number of equity, credit, and solutions multi asset strategies. However, we did experience a delay in mandates fundings that led to about $700 million out in the quarter, excluding low fee form of parent assets. That’s said, our won-not-funded list of mandates is the largest it’s been with wins in both domestic and international that should fund in the first half of the year. We have a number of initiatives on the way to complement our core business that we expect will gain traction. These include in solutions, especially our multi asset, tax efficient and adaptive risk products that are already receiving good interest. In addition, we’re looking to build on our capabilities and managed accounts, strategic beta and responsible investing. Our long-term investment performance remains strong. However, we did see slippage in one-year versus benchmarks in equity funds with a core or growth bias as traditional value sectors outperformed shortly after the U.S. election. Our average performance with close to medium versus peers, performance should improve as a strong post-election surge. We saw some of that already in January. With regard to our overall fixed income and risk allocation products, they performed quite well for the year. Importantly across the house for both equity and fixed income, our three- and five-year numbers are strong. We also maintained our ratings with 112 four- and five-star Morningstar funds. As we look forward, we have established ourselves as a global player during a period of intense change for the industry. We’re managing the level of change well and preserving profitability. Overall, we have a competitive business and we continue to position ourselves as a client centric firm. In closing, I feel good about how the company is situated. We’re executing our strategy and investing for growth as we manage the change facing our industry. We’re focused on delivering our advice value proposition, while handling the regulatory change environment. We have a solid business and we’re delivering good earnings, cash flow and shareholder return and we continue to manage expenses tightly. As we look forward with our client focused, business strength, our capital profile, and return as well as our operational risk management, Ameriprise is positioned well. Now, Walter will cover the financials and I’ll be back to take your questions.
Walter Berman: Good Morning. Ameriprise delivered a very strong quarter with operating EPS of $2.73, and a return on equity above our targeted range at almost 25% excluding unlocking. Advice & Wealth Management continues to be our primary growth driver with improved wrap net inflows, strong experience advisor recruiting, and excellent margin expansion. Asset Management provided a strong contribution to profitability and sustained very competitive margins through tight expense management during the period of outflows. Annuities and life and health insurance underlying earnings remain within expectations in light of the low rate environment. Auto & Home was profitable in the quarter, reflecting the enhancements we’ve made to pricing and operations. Finally, our balance sheet remains strong, enabling us to return over 150% of operating earnings to shareholders in 2016. Excluding unlocking, we returned over 135%. Let’s turn to Slide 7. Ameriprise delivered EPS of $2.73, up a 11% from the prior year. Advice & Wealth Management delivered 21% growth in earnings and Auto & Home had a substantial turnaround in results. G&A expenses remain well managed. We continue to invest in targeted growth areas and overall remained disciplined. G&A declined 4% even with elevated corporate segment expenses including a $11 million of DOL project costs and $12 million in severance costs. As Jim said, we are monitoring and evolving situation as it relates to the DOL. A substantial number of projects were well underway in anticipation of the April deadline. So this level of DOL expense will continue in quarter one. Beyond that, the level of expense will be fluid until there is more clarity. We returned the substantial amount to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase with $523 million returned in the quarter and $2.2 billion for the full year. And ROE reached 24.6% for the year, excluding AOCI and unlocking. Let’s turn to segment performance. Starting on Slide 8, the Advice & Wealth Management businesses continues to perform very well, delivering strong business metrics and financial results. We are seeing strong leading indicators for this business, excellent recruiting, strong advisor retention, and client acquisition, all contributing to record client asset levels and positioning our platform for future growth. Operating net revenue was up 4% from last year to $1.3 billion in the quarter, from solid wrap net inflows, higher earnings on brokerage cash, and asset-based fees. We saw a portion of the impact from the December rate increase and expect additional lift in 2017. We’re tightly managing G&A expenses, down 5% from last year. We’re making target investments for growth while controlling the overall expense base. Finally we delivered an excellent operating margin a quarter at 19.3%. In 2016 our margin was 18.1%, an increase of 100 basis points versus 2015. Asset Management continues to generate good profitability as you can see on Slide 9. Assets under management were $454 billion and included $18 billion impact from foreign exchange. Adjusting for the impact of foreign exchange, AUM was essentially unchanged from a year ago, as market depreciation largely offset the impact of net outflows on AUM. Operating net revenues decreased 9% to $761 million, reflecting lower performance fees than the prior year and foreign exchange changes. We continue to live on our goal of maintaining competitive margins in the business by tightly managing expenses. This is demonstrated by an 11% decrease in G&A expenses, a portion on which related to foreign exchange translation and lower performance fee compensation. Excluding those items G&A was still down 6%. Pre-tax operating earnings were $169 million, unchanged compared to a year ago if you exclude elevated performance fees in the prior year. We continued to deliver margins in the 35% to 39% target range for both the quarter and the year. Turning to annuities on Slide 10, the segment is performing in line with our expectations, giving the market environment, with pre-tax operating earnings of $127 million down $25 million from last year. This decline reflects the ongoing impact from unlocking assumption changes and continued low interest rates. As a reminder, last quarter we updated policyholder behavior assumptions to reflect current experience as part of the annual unlocking process. As we indicated last quarter we expected an ongoing impact of variable annuity earnings relating to those changes of approximately $40 million per year, primarily from an increase in the growth rate of the living benefit reserve. Results in the quarter included $11 million from this change. Our assumptions will be revisited again in the third quarter as part of the 2017 unlocking Additionally, variable annuity net outflows were elevated in 2016 reflecting the industry decline in VA sales as well as higher lapses, those still within actuary expectations. In fixed annuities we are continuing to see account values decline, given minimal sales in this rate environment. Turning to the Protection segment on Slide 11, pre-tax operating earnings were $59 million in the quarter. Auto & Home has had a significant turnaround and delivered an operating profit in the quarter, which included a benefit from lower reserves that was partially offset by a true up of our prior period cat losses. As we previously told you, the actions we have taken to improve our pricing, underwriting and claims practices are taking hold, and positive trends have emerged in the last couple of quarters. We will continue to monitor performance in the book to determine if further reserve actions are appropriate. We are seeing Auto & Home premium trends in the right direction, reflecting the price increases we are making, which more than offset the decline in policy count related to underwriting change. The life and health business delivered solid results. There were some large unusual items in both the current and prior year. Last year we disclosed a favorable $28 million waiver of premium adjustment for life insurance. And the current quarter included two unfavorable items totaling $10 million that are not expected to reoccur. Overall, claims experience was in line with expectations. Let’s turn to the balance sheet on Slide 12. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. Our excess capital is approximately $2 billion with an estimated RBC ratio of approximately 500%. Our hedging program has been quite effective with weighted managed hedged effectiveness at 99% in a quarter. And the investment portfolio remains strong and diversified with net unrealized gain position of $1.2 billion. We returned $2.2 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in 2016, which was over a 150% of operating earnings, or over a 135% excluding unlocking. As we enter 2017 we are still targeting to return 90% to 100% of operating earnings to shareholders as a baseline, but we will adjust that as we assess market conditions and our valuation. And with that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now being the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to start with advice and wealth, just as we think about trending this over the course of 2017. In that 19% margin in the fourth quarter was there anything sort of that we need to think about as being particularly favorable in the quarter or was that a pretty clean result?
Walter Berman: It’s Walter. You should look at it as a pretty clean result.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then as we think about that shift that you talked about from 12b-1 to advisory, what sort of impact is that going to have on the margin? I think the earnings are probably going to be fairly stable and maybe revenue is lower. So I would think that would improve the margin, but just any color on that.
Walter Berman: Yes, it will improve the margin. But again there’s fundamentals that are going to substantially increase the margin also. So, yes, there will be some lift because of the revenue adjustment as it comes through, but again, we don’t know exactly how much is being repriced right now which would offset that – from a margin standpoint. But clearly there we see the margin improving even beside that.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then just on Asset Management, I think Jim you had mentioned that I think what you call the funded pipeline and institutional is the largest ever. Can you give us a sense of how big that pipeline is?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, it is the biggest ever that we’ve had. We don’t really put out numbers at this point, but I would probably say it continued to sort of build – we were – the extra delays that we experienced in the fourth quarter we’re hoping it will carry over and we’re still getting some more wins that we expect in the first quarter. So I would probably just say on a relative basis it’s the highest we’ve ever had.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then just a last one from me. Back in December, Jim, you talked about at a conference the earnings mix of the company over time and I think the slide said 75% plus from the cumulation businesses near-term, which I’m assuming is two or three years. Did that contemplate any acquisitions or divestitures or is that kind of what you think you can do organically?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, that was organically. That was – it did not contemplate acquisitions or divestitures.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: Great. Thanks, good morning. Had a question about the DOL. I know a lot of what you’re doing would remain unchanged, but how would your strategy change at all if it was delayed and would there be any earnings impact from a delay?
Jim Cracchiolo: So as I mentioned before there are certain things we’re continuing with like the move away from 12b-1s and advisory shares, putting that in place, institutional share classes et cetera that we’re going to continue down that road. But if there was a delay and the administration is reevaluating, we’ll participate in that, but what that would mean is that part of the activities relating to the big exemption and the activity changes there would probably be put on hold across the industry for revision or review further. So we would probably hold on that activity level and what we would do there until there is some clarity about what would be appropriate or what the industry will move towards with new regulation.
Nigel Dally: Okay. Then just on recruiting, you also spoke to recruiting strengths in a certain pipeline, but the number of advisors shrunk down a little. So I guess provide a color as to what was driving that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So there are two things. One is we continued to sort of wean out a lower produces in our employee channel and so in that regard we’re bringing in higher productive advisors. And so as people are hitting thresholds, are not hitting thresholds, they’re starting to reevaluate whether they should be in the channel there. The second thing is we experienced a little higher turnover in our franchisee with some of their assistance as they continue to make adjustments based upon the environment and the regulation and what they needed to do there for their own areas. So we don’t see anything significant in a sense of a pickup. We had some additional retirees where they transferred their book internal to our succession planning before the new regulations have come out, but nothing out of normal and it was more in the lower producer end, if anything.
Nigel Dally: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mewhirter from SunTrust.
Nancy Rosenberg: Hi, good morning. This is actually Nancy Rosenberg on for Doug Mewhirter. Thank you for taking my question. In Asset Management your mutual fund outflow seem to be high aside from FX and conditions in the European market. Is there anything else driving those outflows and then are you seeing those trends moderate into the first quarter?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we did experience two things. We did experience a bit of a slowdown and some increase redemptions out of our UK activities, Europe in particular due to the Brexit. But after the Brexit, some of the election and some of the unknown, I think you’ve seen across Europe there’s been a bit of a pullback, whereas the U.S. has actually seen more of an inflow. We’re starting to see that stabilize as we move into the New Year which is good. In the U.S. we saw some additional pickup in redemptions. I think that the industry also experienced more in the latter part of November, December. It was actually doing pretty well in October. So there was some adjustment there. We’re hoping that again that starts to stabilize to come back in the New Year. So we’re seeing some stabilization there as well. But those are the things that we saw a bit of a pickup that was probably more than we expected.
Nancy Rosenberg: Okay. And then in Advice & Wealth Management, you touched on this earlier. But is your lower distribution and G&A expense, is that mainly a function of turnover or are you also seeing like benefits from new policies from the fiduciary rule?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, what we’ve been doing is we do modulate the amount of expense that we have within – across the company as you saw our G&A is down. We’ve tightened up on our expenses. We’re trying to get greater level of productivity from the activities that we have on the way. We have invested well in our technology and enablement. That is also giving us some good benefits. So that’s what we’ve continued to sort of focus on knowing that the environment was a bit softer last year with both the markets on average were down, as well as just the idea that the increased regulation might have had some effect on activity. So, but we’re seeing – manage and continue to manage expenses quite well so that we can use that as an offset to any pressure on the revenue side.
Nancy Rosenberg: Okay, thank you. That’s all I have for now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I want to follow-up on Suneet’s question on the AWM margin. I guess Walter, is the takeaway from your comment that you think the fourth quarter margin is sustainable as we move into 2017 that’s kind of a starting point before any impacts of potential short-term rate increases?
Walter Berman: So the issue is our average rate for the year was 18.1% and you get seasonality as it comes through, but we do see that will be depreciating in obviously within that they will get some benefit from the interest rate. But we do see a base level of increase.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. So think about the full year margin as a starting point with upside from there.
Walter Berman: Yes. Absolutely.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And then just on the tax rate. Can you give us a rough sense of what you’d expect in 2017 at this point?
Walter Berman: Yes. Again, looking at in, looking at the mix of business and everything and assuming obviously no benefit being derived, but based on what people are saying from the stack discussion going on in Washington, I would think 24% to 25% is probably a range, but it’s fluid, but it’s based upon the mix we’ve seen in the business, I mean, it’s a good number, good range.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher from Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. First just a bigger picture question on Advice & Wealth Management. Jim or Walter, if you just look at some high level statistics your AWM revenue yield or higher than peers, by a considerable margin depending on which peers you’re looking at. So certainly one of the better cases on your company is that your fee levels are quite high, over time they’re going to have to come down meaningfully. Now I think there are some pretty significant differences in your business versus those peers. But can you address that broad question and is there a movement for you as you’re growing assets now to move that down or are there pretty significant differences? How would you address that issue?
Jim Cracchiolo: So I would say is that I think there are differences particularly we have a very strong fee-based business around our financial planning and advice that renders a lot of services to the clients on this full life planning, full retirement, everything from a state to children’s education et cetera, so all of that is part of our fee-based model that is a great value to our clients. In addition to that when you look at, when you say the fees on an average client basis et cetera based on assets et cetera, it’s very much in line based on asset levels et cetera, when you look at a competitive frame. So of course fee rates for people who have a significant amount of wealth will be always lower than the people who might be in the mass affluent account based on size and effort for their services rendered. So there are differences there as well. So it’s hard for me to do a compare on a just an absolute basis as you got to look at some. But the financial planning basic foundation and the services rendered there is part of our fee basis. I would tell you that we generate very strong value in client, I mean, our net grows like I said was right at the top, and all of our ratings for client satisfaction for the services rendered. In fact the more we do the financial planning even though there’s a fee for it the more the clients are satisfied. So we feel very comfortable with that as we continue to move forward and we’d like more of our advisors to actually embrace that model more fully across their client base.
Thomas Gallagher: So, Jim, you don’t see anything structurally that you need to change whether it’s in terms of your typical structure moving far more aggressively into passives or just broader changes to level of fees based on your offerings, you don’t see any real need to change in lieu of where things are going in the environment?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, the big change is removing the 12b-1s as there are more institutional share classes and where there aren’t going to start to rebate. But moving that is a reduction in fee to the client for the cause as well as you move into institutional share classes across our range. The second thing very clearly there is as we look at our business model as anyone else, there is always the move to more fee-based. Our advisors are already factoring in their model portfolios and what they do passive ETFs. Having said that, it’s not as still active doesn’t make sense as a component of that based on a combination of factors including volatility and risk management and diversity of assets against the market conditions. So we’re helping our advisors to actually build more full fledged portfolios taking into account the combination of factors so that they can manage against the needs and the goals of the client, not just against the benchmark and we think that’s very critical for the long-term achievement of what the client needs to do with less risk
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. And then finally, you’ve previously said the change from 12b-1 to advisory shares shouldn’t have any meaningful impact to your bottom line, because most of that was a pass through to the advisor. Now I assume you’re closer along since it’s now being – it has been implemented. Is that still the case or is that has that changed at all?
Jim Cracchiolo: No. I mean, we’ve always had when we said we always have a piece of what the 12b-1s that we would get based on the grid, and whereas having said that we also said that we would work to offset that through a combination of expense management and other arrangements and that’s what we’re doing. So if you just took it as a direct, would there be a piece hit to it? The answer is yes. But as we said we are working to offset that as you’ve seen that we’ve been continuing to do in combination of expenses as well as ensuring that for services rendered and what our advisers start to actually do in certain cases, different than what they did in the past. So it will have that effect, but we’re looking to offset that, and we think we have things on the way that would help that along. Just like our advisors we’ll make adjustments in their practices as they look at what they need to do. As I said, they’ve tightened up their expenses as well in some instances.
Thomas Gallagher: That’s helpful. So the margin benefit, I assume some of the significant expense improvement you saw in the margin this quarter, some of that’s going to come – be given back in 1Q as you transition or is that –?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So that’s why we don’t look at the 12b-1 just as a margin adjustment, because we would have gotten a cut at that will probably looking at it as a piece anyway. But what we’re doing is what we just saw in the fourth quarter based on the expenses that we tightened and now we want that to roll in. So last year we had a full year margin of 18.1%. You can look at the various quarters based on your activity and expenses that pickup in certain times. But we’re looking for that to increase from 18.1% on an annual basis and that would also help to offset anything that would be the reduction in the 12b-1 from a revenue perspective to translate in so that’s why we also said the 2019 is what we’re shooting for as we go forward and continuing to roll on a full year basis.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. I had a question about the recent FCA review of the Asset Management business in the UK. And what you see as the potential implications for Threadneedle if there’s any impact you would expect on sales or margins?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. As you’re aware the FCA has published an interim Asset Management Market study which they’re inviting comment. The focus is on regulated funds and delivering value for the investor. We’re currently engaging with the FCA through a series of industry roundtables as well as the industry bodies on how that recommendations and the markets study can best be taken forward. So I mean it just recently come out. We’re looking at that across and within the industry and we’ll be working to get back with the FCA and give our comments and understand what they might want to move forward with. So it’s a little early yet to talk about it.
Erik Bass: Okay. And then maybe a follow-up to think sort of what Tom was asking. Can you just discuss the average wrap account fees and if there’s been sort of any changes in those over time and do you anticipate any pressure on wrap fees as the discount brokers continue to both reduce commissions and index fund costs?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I think there’s been a lot of talk when you look at it against the industry of just a wrap of an ETF or no support from an advisor and you just have a separate portfolio that’s all automated. And so the real value of what the advisor brings is much more than just putting together a simple allocation of ETFs, and then let the client fend for themselves. So the read real key around the advice value proposition is the advice that’s tangential to that; how to help a client with their behavior, how do you help them make decisions against their various goals and when to adjust, when to add, when to take out, what’s tax beneficial, what’s not and how to manage that volatility through cycle. So I do believe as with anything it’s always a competitive frame and there will always be adjustments, but at the end of the day as I said I think would Ameriprise and our advisors we continue to actually move more upmarket, we continue to gain greater client flows based on the type of client that we’re continuing to bring in based on advisor value proposition. So we’re looking at is there will always be some adjustments when necessary based on services rendered or price in the market. But the value added of the advisor, I think is still very important and very critical and our advisors know when they are – with their clients what is the price and the value that they’re offering for the services rendered. But also I would say we’re going to continue to focus on continuing to move a bit more upmarket so that the asset levels go up in which case prices may on a fee basis on a relative go down, but it will be offset by volume.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The following question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. On the brokerage cash balances in AWM it continues to build, I think the $26 billion plus is probably a record high. Just thinking about what the high short-term rate and kind of what you are doing in terms of enhancing productivity at the advisors channel. How should we think about the deployment of those cash balances in terms of the engagement between your advisors and clients and how should we think about the client activities going forward?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So as we looked at last year, we saw in the beginning part of the year a more of a slowdown in activity. If you remember, the markets were very volatile, they fell a lot, there were a lot of unknowns, then you have Brexit et cetera. And so what we started to see as you saw in the fourth quarter some of our flows in back into wrap business started to pickup again and we continue to see that now as we move into the New Year. So we’ve brought in assets, the cash balances built, the advisors didn’t put as much to work, they started to do that again in the fourth quarter. And if we continue to see – there’s always events and changes, but as we continue to see move forward particularly if there’s some delay in regulation as well, but the market conditions have improved, interest rates are starting to pick up a little bit, economic activity is more positive. So I actually believe that some of those assets will go to work as we move in through 2017. And the good thing is that we – they have the cash on hand to do it and we’re bringing in flows. So that’s the positive. And also as Walter mentioned, there is a pickup of interest rates that have just happened at the end – latter part of December and it looks like a few more rate increases coming that would also get money to work.
Humphrey Lee: Just I guess, more of a generic question regarding to the cash balances. Is there any seasonality based on kind of what you’re suggesting as money putting to work and money into the fourth quarter and maybe a little bit on the sideline and putting more to work in the coming year. So is there something with seasonality with respect to the cash balances?
Walter Berman: Yes. There is a small seasonality as it relates to the December build up. But it’s again this is record numbers for us and but there is a small seasonality in the fourth quarter.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning everybody. So you touched on the FCA report. Can you also maybe talk on, about the method too, of regulation in Europe and how you see that impacting your business at Threadneedle? And then what adjustments you may be making?
Walter Berman: Well, obviously we are working through it as it relates to it and from that standpoint it is certainly going to have an element of a lot more reporting, a lot more rigor and looking at again to avoid the conflicts similar to the RGR what they did. So we are working through it. We have a teams on it and we will certainly be compliant with the elements within the timeframes that prescribed.
Yaron Kinar: Do you see it as having any impact on flows or profitability?
Walter Berman: Not at this stage.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then in Advice & Wealth Management, so productivity is up little bit this quarter. Can you remind us where you think this productivity level could move to assuming a gradual improvement in the rate environment and then kind of normalized market appreciation?
Jim Cracchiolo: So regarding the productivity as I said, I still think there’s a little bit of an overhang depending on the regulatory frame that people will be working on to get compliant if that was to move forward. I think the other things that we brought about in the switch to advisory shares and the changes we’re making there is working its way through. It occurred starting last year, but we’re making the changes as we go into the first quarter. And so the real question then is whether the rule moves forward for full implementation starting in April, in which case, we’ll have activity and training in all activities as we continue to move forward. If that is put on delay then that would actually help with the idea that advisors can be back focused on their book in growing their book. So that’s what we would probably say at this juncture.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And maybe a little bit differently, in terms of the pivoting from the lower productivity advisors into higher productivity advisors and the hiring of more experienced advisors, where would you say we’re at – what stage in the game are we at today?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, we are continuing to bring in now higher producing advisors based on our recruiting. So the GVC is going up where the total of their productivity is going up that we are recruiting in. Now for the people we’ve recruited in and the new people we’re bringing, that continues to ramp up. And you could probably start to see that even more in our P1 channel or employee channel as that continues to go through fruition. So we’re continuing to see that as something that will be part of the equation going forward. And again, it’s sort of a gradual quarter-by-quarter with what people we bring in; they ramp up, et cetera, but the pipeline for our recruits still look very good. We’re even bringing in a lot more million dollar practices that was highest we’ve ever did in 2016 based on our value proposition. So we want to continue along that focus into 2017.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Nadel from Credit Suisse.
John Nadel: Good morning. Thanks for getting me in. So I guess I have a couple of quick ones for you. So if we think about the full year 2016 margin for Advice & Wealth Management at 18%. How big is the differential at this point between the margin produced by your franchisee channel and your employee channel?
Walter Berman: Okay. As we’ve indicated, we are – the employee channel is building as you get the advisors and they vintage through, so that is actually improving, but that is lower than the franchise channel. But that gap has really narrowed from that standpoint as when we started this journey. So I would say they are certainly moved into the mid-teens and the franchise channel is closer to the high-teens.
John Nadel: Got it. Okay, that’s helpful, Walter. Thank you. And then a couple of years ago at your Investor Day you showed us a hypothetical impact from a 200 basis points rise in the fed funds and that would – all else equal that would drive about a 4 point increase in the pre-tax margin in Advice & Wealth Management. If I think back on that though I think the level of brokerage cash balances was about half than of what it is today. Does that make a significant difference in how we should think about that?
Walter Berman: Well, I don’t – I have to go back and reference, but it clearly I think we were probably in the mid-teens back then depending on what year and certainly it has grown. As we assess it, as we talked about it, there is – looking at the environment, we believe for the first 100 basis points we’re going to – as we talked about, 80% range will fall to us, and then as you progress up you would start to stream that depending on competitive situation. So I’d have to go back to the – from that standpoint, but environment’s different, certainly we’ve grown, you’re going to get the volume, and then it’s a matter of getting the rate mix shift. And so I think the math that we told you for sure on the first 100 that we should get the 80, and then we have to go from there and look at the competitive elements as we assess it today.
John Nadel: Okay, that’s helpful. And then the last question I have for you is really more of – it’s a bit of a hypothetical as well. So it’s no secret that you guys were at the late stages of looking at a relatively sizable Asset Management transaction that went in a different direction. But I’m curious, if you did a transaction that was going to cost somewhere between $3 billion and $4 billion, would you need to issue equity as part of that transaction financing?
Walter Berman: Hypothetically speaking it was not our intention to issue equity. We really do believe we have the capacity to not do that.
John Nadel: And so maybe another way of thinking about it is how long do you anticipate the buyback would need to be either turned off or curtailed? Would it be a matter of a year or less than a year?
Walter Berman: Okay. So that, again, we look at returning to shareholders in a different way, but clearly as we looked at your hypothetical, we certainly feel we’re oppressing, then we have to gauge the circumstances, the buyback, the simulation looking at the agencies and everything, but certainly the capacity is there and we generate a lot of cash. And so it’s transitioning the upper elements, but again, let me go back to your original premise. It was not intended in something of that nature that equity would be the element that we would use, so it would be more from dead or internal cash.
John Nadel: Terrific. Thank you so much.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.
Analysts: Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the third quarter 2016 earnings call. My name is Sophie and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participates are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia A. Charity - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's third quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Turning to slide two of the earnings presentation materials that are available on our website, includes a discussion of forward-looking statements. Specifically that during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking. Reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2015 annual report to shareholders, our 2015 10-K report and the first quarter and second quarter of 2016 10-Q reports. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. Turning to slide three you see our GAAP financial results for the third quarter. Below that, you see our operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. Additionally, we completed our annual non-cash unlocking and long-term care review in the third quarter. We included operating results excluding unlocking for additional transparency. The comments that management makes on the call today will focus on operating financial results as well as results excluding unlocking. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Hello, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I'll provide my perspective on the business and progress we're making, and Walter will discuss our financials, including the non-cash impact of annual unlocking. Regarding Ameriprise overall like others we're experiencing headwinds in the operating environment from industry trends, the regulatory change agenda globally, as well as geopolitical volatility. During a time of change for the industry, I feel good about how Ameriprise's position and our focus on serving our clients and advisors. The current environment amplifies the value of the advice and solutions Ameriprise provides. Today, I'll cover our underlying operating results excluding unlocking. Total assets on the management administration increased nicely to $796 billion, and that includes the difficult foreign exchange translation in asset management. Financially, earnings were down a bit while earnings per diluted share excluding unlocking increased 4%. As always, we're closely managing our expenses while continuing to invest for growth. Return on equity, excluding unlocking and AOCI was a healthy 23.8%. Our business generates good free cash flow and as you know, maintaining our excellent financial foundation is core to how we operate the company. These consistent management principles enable Ameriprise to navigate this time of change and invest in the business as well as return capital to shareholders at a meaningful level. For the third quarter, we returned more than $500 million to shareholders to our share repurchases and dividends, bringing our total return for 2016 so far to more than $1.6 billion. Let's move to the businesses. In Advice & Wealth Management, we're situated well with our strong advice positioning and value proposition. I spent a lot of time during the year with are our advisors and just returned from our private wealth advisors conference where over 900 of our top producers were gathered. They are feeling good about their ability to run strong practices and the growth opportunity at Ameriprise, as well as the way we support them during times of change. We believe more than ever, our advice value proposition is strong and desirable. Personal comprehensive advice is critical in handling the volatility and issues facing consumers as they look to achieve their long-term goals. For the quarter, retail client assets grew nicely up 10%, and we had nearly $3 billion in net inflows and fee-based investment advisory accounts in the quarter. Our investment advisory platform is in the top 5 in mutual fund advisory and a consistent growth driver for Ameriprise. In addition, we delivered operating earns of $231 million, up 5% from a year ago, and our margin increased to 18.2% for the quarter. As we continue to serve more clients and fee-based relationships, transactional business represents less of our total production. As an example, more than 70% of our gross dealer concession is asset based. Average advisor productivity is holding strong at over $500,000 on a trailing 12 month basis. As we look to grow the business, we're ensuring advisors fully benefit from the investments we have made, including our technology platforms, our E-tools and online. Our advisors are more efficient when they use capabilities like our e-file delivery and e-signature tools, and more productive when they use our aggregation tool like Total View. We're meeting more and more clients online, and visits to Ameriprise.com are up significantly year-over-year. And engagement with clients and prospects on social media is a continued strength of ours. Brand awareness is another important component for growth. We're back on the air with our "Be Brilliant" advertising. And the next chapter of our "Be Brilliant" ads will be live in January as we continue to reinforce the confidence clients can realize from working with an Ameriprise advisor. In addition to focusing on client growth, recruiting is going well. We added another 80 experienced productive advisors, bringing us to about 250 advisors year to date and our pipeline is looking good into the next quarter and next year, as Ameriprise stands out as a destination for successful advisors who appreciate our advice value proposition and supportive culture. Now, let's turn to the Department of Labor's Fiduciary rule. Clearly, it's a significant change for the industry, and a top priority for us. I believe Ameriprise is well positioned to handle the changes required to respond to the rule, and to help advisors do the same. Frankly, this is a complex change and it will continue to consume a lot of our energy. We're dedicating significant resources and leadership time to manage it in a regimented way. Consistent with our financial planning leadership, Ameriprise is one of the largest providers of fee-based investment advice, and we already operate as a fiduciary under a very high standard of care. In terms of our product offering, we're focused on minimizing disruption to our clients and ensuring our advisors continue to have a broad suite of solutions to help meet client needs, grow and protect their assets and achieve their goals. We continue to believe providing investor choice is important and therefore, we've been hard at work to enable both advisory and brokerage options for clients and advisors. Ameriprise has a very strong compliance foundation and conducts robust due diligence on the products and platforms we offer. We have always been able to operate in a heavily regulated environment and comply with the requirements. We're also delivering an excellent client experience as we focus on helping our clients achieve their financial goals over a lifetime. Because of our robust supervision compliance processes and training already in place, we're operating from a position of strength relative to many others in the industry. As a company, we take all of these elements very seriously, and work to integrate compliance and supervision throughout our business processes across the firm. Here is how we're approaching the rule and the support we're providing our advisors to adapt in a new landscape. Let's start with our investment advisory business. We're making the choice to use long-standing exemptions under ERISA for our investment advisory business. We believe this is the most appropriate way to continue to offer clients more flexibility and investment choices, while offering our advisors the most protection and flexibility. The adjustments necessary to comply with this rule will be fully executed by the end of the first quarter of next year, to be ready for the April deadline, and we're working with advisors now to help them execute the changes. With that, I'll turn to brokerage and our commission business. We intend to use the BIC exemption for brokerage and other commissioned-based recommendations. The DOL introduced the BIC exemption in large part to address unique challenges at brokerage and other commissioned-based accounts under the ERISA framework. The BIC exemption permits compensation that varies by product, as long as the requirements of the exemption are met. This is an area where we're starting to see some changes across the industry, relating to product availability, and product compensation as it would apply to products like mutual funds and annuities. Ameriprise, like others in the industry, will likely need to narrow the offering, help advisors meet the rules duties of prudence and loyalty. Similar to the approach we're taking in advisory, we want to continue to offer flexibility and choice. In addition, we have best in class due diligence standards and strong supervision, which will further enhance where necessary, with both qualitative and quantitative filters to ensure we continue to have robust solutions that will be appropriate in the qualified market. As you know, there will also be new requirements for IRA rollovers. Today, we have industry-leading Leave It or Roll It approach that helps clients evaluate their options for their retirement plan assets, and we're working right now to determine how we will enhance that as appropriate. We will also build on our already strong and comprehensive rollover education disclosure materials and documentation to meet the DOL's expectations. As you would expect, it's very important to us to bring this to life for advisors and support them to comply with the new rule. Last April, we began executing our comprehensive communications and training plan, including holding a series of webcasts that continue throughout the remainder of the year. Throughout first quarter, we'll be conducting extensive local in-person training to help our advisors and their teams prepare to comply for the initial effective date of April 10. Clearly this is a large change agenda for the industry. We have devoted tremendous resources and are making progress and have a lot of work to do, and you'll see that across the industry whether or how they decide to do business. We continue to review the regulation and all of its intricacies to ensure we can meet all of the requirements of the new fiduciary standards and minimize potential exposure to the firm and our advisors by having the right due diligence, analysis and documentation as well as the appropriate supervision necessary. Given what we know, we feel comfortable that we can effectively navigate through it. Next quarter I will share even more about our compliance approach and progress on our training and implementation. Again, we feel comfortable that we will continue to offer a broad suite of products with the necessary oversight. As I stated earlier, we already apply rigorous degree of review and due diligence on products we offer, and have extensive appropriate disclosures in place. While there will be additional disclosures and documentation for our advice required going forward, based on what we know at this time, we believe these requirements will be manageable. In this regulatory environment, the importance of delivering advice is even more significant than ever. We know clients and consumers are looking for us to serve them holistically. The growth opportunity we have is compelling. To summarize, we're delivering nice growth and profitability in Advice & Wealth Management. We're working closely and comprehensively with advisors to manage the DOL change ahead, and we feel good about our near and long-term opportunity to serve even more consumers with advice. Let's move to Annuities and Protection. I'll focus more on the underlying businesses and Walter will cover the financials. In annuities, VA account balances were up about 4% year-over-year, and while our VA sales are down year-over-year, we look to be faring better than the industry, given our financial planning focus. We're helping our advisors meet their client's retirement income needs and continue to make it easier for clients and advisors to conduct business. As an example, we're seeing good results from the advisor workshops we've held, which focus on the new challenges for today's retirement, and we're seeing good uptake for our enhanced digital tools that help advisors present retirement solutions. On the fixed side, the story remains the same. The overall book is performing as expected in this low interest rate environment, and we're not adding to it at this time. In Life Insurance, VUL/UL account balances were up 5% and our overall sales were down like others in the industry. Overall, claims experience remained within an expected range. During the quarter, we launched an index account for our VUL V product that provides the benefits of accumulating cash value with the added safety of an index floor, and we're seeing a nice initial response by clients and advisors. Finally in Auto and Home, we're beginning to see improvement in business results from the changes we've been making. Both current and prior accident year loss trends are showing solid improvement. As I shared previously, we're taking a number of actions, including enhanced pricing sophistication and raising rates in both auto and homeowner lines. We've improved risk quality through tighter underwriting and more disciplined exposure management. We also enhanced our claims organization, and as a result are seeing better loss outcomes that will contribute to a higher-performing portfolio over time. With regard to the quarter, in line with many industry players, we had higher than expected cat losses. We're making systematic changes to lessen the impact of cats on our results, including improving cats related pricing, and strengthening the team handling cats claims, including adding more field adjusters. Overall, we're making good progress. I feel confident in the team we now have in place and the actions that we're taking to bring the business back to historical profitability. Let's turn to Asset Management. During this significant period of change for the industry, we're managing headwinds and have a good level of scale, capabilities and distribution to navigate this period well. For the quarter, assets under management declined slightly to $468 billion. However, that included an unfavorable foreign exchange translation, which impacted assets under management by about $14 billion year-over-year. In terms of flows, we had a little over $4 billion out in the quarter compared to more than $7 billion out this time last year. Global retail outflows improved substantially to $1.9 billion in the quarter excluding former parent-company related flows and inflows from acquisitions. In U.S. retail, we're seeing some improvement. While we're in outflows (16:09), we've improved gross sales by nearly 10% over the past 12 months. We're also earning a higher market share on many of our key intermediary distribution platforms. This is at a time when overall industry sales in the active space are down, and we're all facing slower activity on the equity side of the business. Overall, redemptions have slowed, and that includes in the Acorn Fund, which was about $600 million out in the quarter. Performance versus peers has improved with the changes that we've made, and we're focused on continuing to generate competitive performance to strengthen long term numbers and help in the turnaround of this product line. In the U.K. and European retail, as you know, retail outflows spiked in June and July because of Brexit. As we moved through the quarter, the level of redemption slowed to end the quarter largely neutral. Our teams have done an excellent job navigating this environment, including the property space, where we preserved value for investors and had smooth reopening of our fund. If market conditions remain stable for the remainder of the year, we expect better results in the fourth quarter. In terms of institutional, we and others in the industry have experienced a slowdown in the rate of fundings, which contributed to about $2 billion in outflows in the quarter. That included the loss of one of the remaining Acorn mandates of around $700 million in the quarter. We feel good about the rest of 2016 and into 2017 as our list of won, not-funded mandates is good. with wins in both domestic and international that should fund in the fourth quarter and into next year. Our win rate remains strong and we have a healthy pipeline of opportunities in a number of equity, credit, and solution, multi asset strategies. Consistent with our normal level of outflows and former parent portfolios, we had about $1.4 billion of lower-fee outflows, with the majority from Zurich. Outflows in U.S. trust IMAs significantly slowed as we moved through the quarter. I would also note we had about $1 billion of inflows from the EGA acquisition. Regarding performance, we're very focused on ensuring we have a strong-performing product line to serve individual and institutional investor needs. That includes delivering consistent performance expectations in existing products, and developing new products and strategies as we look forward. With 110 four-star and five-star Morningstar rated funds, Columbia Threadneedle has an excellent track record of generating competitive performance across asset classes and styles. We had particularly strong performance in a number of funds in domestic and international equities, as well as across taxable and tax exempts fixed income at Columbia and asset allocation products globally. In regard to U.K. and Europe, we've been able to remain focused on our business, and feel we're in a good position to manage the change related to Brexit, in what will be a multi-year transition. Columbia Threadneedle already has an established fund range and presence in Europe, and we're in a good position to continue to serve European investors going forward. We're focused now on expanding the scope of our Luxembourg-based management company. We plan to further replicate a more complete product line and establish a broader asset management presence in the E.U. post-Brexit. Importantly, we have a well-resourced and experienced product development team with the capacity to ensure the needs of our clients are met in an efficient and transparent manner. Like the industry, we will be looking for further clarification that will inform us and others for how to manage the transition for clients. Again, this will take time, but I feel that we're in a good position. As we look forward, we're doing a number of things on the product development side to capture flows. In addition to enhancements to our traditional mutual fund product line, we're further building out our managed account and solution businesses. We're seeing good interest in our multi-asset, tax efficient and adaptive risk products. In fact, our U.S. retail CARA product has grown to north of $1.0 billion in assets under management. We also completed the EGA acquisition that strengthened our strategic beta and ETF capabilities and complements multi-factor products we developed and launched earlier this year. This is a long-term growth opportunity in the U.S., and we're beginning to build upon. Finally, we are a recognized leader in the U.K. for responsible investment and we're working to expand that capability here in the United States. Our U.S. Social Bond fund is a unique product, and our recently launched strategic beta products include a sustainability screen. Similar to strategic beta work, it's an initiative that we intend to grow more fully over time. Our Asset Management business is an at-scale business and we're generating competitive margin in a challenging period. We're managing expenses well, knowing we have revenue pressure from the level of outflows we have experienced. We are seeing some nice underlying trends in domestic and international. We have more work to do, and I feel good about the teams in place and their execution focus. Now for Ameriprise overall, we have a strong base and a good track record for handling periods of industry change. Ameriprise has always been able to operate in a heavily regulated environment to strongly comply and deliver an excellent experience as we help clients achieve their financial goals. Our excellent capital position provides flexibility for both organic growth and inorganic opportunities in both Wealth Management and Asset Management. We also have a very solid Annuities and Protection business. We're bringing a very strong focus so that we can navigate the current environment. As we look forward, I feel good about the long-term opportunity Ameriprise has in the marketplace as we focus on delivering for our clients. Now Walt will cover the financials and I'll be back to take your questions.
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered another sold quarter of financial performance on an underlying basis. As you saw in our release, results were impacted negatively by our annual, non-cash unlocking and unusual items. Advice & Wealth Management continues to be our primary growth segment with improved wrap net inflows, strong experience advisory recruiting, and excellent margin expansion. Asset management remains impacted by industry trends away from active management, but we're seeing good traction in a few areas that Jim discussed, and maintaining our focus on sustaining a good level of profitability. Annuities and life and health insurance underlying profitability remain stable, but with slower growth in the short term given the environment and regulatory changes. This remains a strong source of capital generation. Positive trends continue to emerge in Auto and Home, and we began to recognize them in the financial results this quarter. Potentially with more to come, as we evaluate loss performance. Our balance sheet is strong and returned over $500 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter. Let's turn to consolidated results beginning on slide six. Revenue is up slightly from last year to $2.9 billion, excluding the impact of unlocking in both periods. Advice & Wealth Management represents more than 40% of overall revenues and continues to trend up given our good growth in client assets. This was offset by pressure from outflows in Asset Management, and Insurance and Annuities, and interest rate pressure. Auto and Home has had nice revenue growth from the rate actions taken with rate increases in about three-quarters of the states we do business with during 2016. Let's turn to slide 7. Ameriprise continues to demonstrate our ability to navigate across business cycles, and deliver solid EPS growth and strong return on equity. Operating performance in the quarter included a net negative $0.12 of items. First, we had $29 million pre-tax, or $0.11 of total catastrophic losses in the quarter of which $0.03 was above our expectations. Additionally, we had $0.11 unfavorable long-term care model corrections, and $0.06 of unusual corporate items related to low-income housing and DOL implementation, partially offset by a positive $0.08 from mean reversion and in an Auto and Home reserve release. Excluding these items, underlying EPS was $2.41, up 4%. We are tightly managing expenses while making the right investments to adjust to regulatory changes and support future growth. We would expect DOL expenses to ramp up as we approach the DOL implementation date in April. Our business continues to generate significant free cash flow, and disciplined capital management has driven EPS and return on equity growth. Let's turn to segment performance. Starting on slide eight, first, the Advice & Wealth Management businesses continue to perform very well, delivering solid financial results and strong business metrics. Jim spoke about the strong leading indicators we're seeing in this business: excellent recruiting, stronger buy-through retention, and client acquisition, all contributing to record client asset levels. Operating net revenue was up 2% from last year to $1.3 billion in the quarter, from solid, wrap net inflows, higher earnings on brokerage cash, and asset-based fees. We are continuing to see our business shift more towards advisory, which we would expect to continue and possibly even accelerate with DOL implementation. G&A expenses are continuing to be tightly managed, down 1% from last year. We typically see seasonally higher expenses in the fourth quarter where project spending and advertising tend to increase. We delivered a record operating margin in the quarter at 18.2%, up 60 basis points from last year, and up 50 basis points sequentially. Let's turn to Asset Management on slide 9. Operating net revenue was down 5% to $740 million, primarily from net outflows and foreign exchange translation. We are prudently managing expenses with overall expenses down 3% and G&A down 2%. Pre-tax operating earnings were down 14% to $155 million, largely from outflows. As a reminder, the impact for foreign exchange translation is immaterial to earnings. The adjusted margin in the quarter was in our expected range at 36%. Turning to Annuities on slide 10. This segment is performing in line with our expectations. Variable annuity pre-tax operating earnings was $114 million, essentially flat to a year ago, excluding unlocking and mean reversion in both periods. Variable annuities had an unfavorable unlocking of $222 million this year due to higher persistency on living benefit contracts and continued low interest rates as you've seen across the industry. Our long-term interest rate assumption remained unchanged, but we extended the period it would take for rates to reach our long-term level to 5.5 years. As a result of updating our persistency assumption for products with living benefits on our SOP reserves, there will be an ongoing impact to variable annuities earnings going forward. Fixed annuity pre-tax operating earnings were essentially flat to last year, at $24 million, excluding unlocking. Unlocking this year is largely due to good persistency, as our clients are lapsing at a slower pace than we've previously modeled. I'd also like to note that underlying profitability in this business has sustained a bit better than we expected this year. This quarter benefited from some gains relating to prepayments of investments. We are continuing to see account values decline given minimal sales in this rate environment. Turning to the Protection segment on slide 11. Pre-tax operating earnings, excluding unlocking was $31 million in the quarter. There were a number of moving parts in the quarter, so I'm going to address Life and Health, Long-Term Care, and Auto and Home separately. Let's first focus on Life and Health excluding Long-Term Care. Underlying pre-tax operating earnings were up from last year to $74 million, excluding unlocking, mean reversion, and a premium correction in the year-ago period. Unlocking was a favorable $17 million primarily from increased value of future reinsurance recoverables, due to slightly worse mortality, partially offset by continued low interest rates. Long-term care had a pre-tax operating loss of $73 million, which included a $37 million unfavorable impact of our annual LTC review and a negative $29 million from a model correction. The third quarter annual LTC review was negatively impacted by low interest rates, morbidity trends, and an elevated reinsurance expense. Underlying results were a loss of $7 million, essentially flat to last year, and consistent with our expectations for this closed block. Auto and Home had an $8 million operating loss in the quarter, including excess cat losses of $7 million. As we previously told you, the actions we're taking to improve our underwriting, pricing, and claims practices are taking hold and positive trends have emerged. Therefore, in the third quarter, we lowered the PEG ratio for the 2016 accident year and released $10 million of prior-year reserves. We anticipate being able to make additional adjustments if these positive trends continue. I will conclude with a few comments on the balance sheet on slide 12. As we have told you before, Ameriprise maintains a strong balance sheet that we will use opportunistically. We have over $2 billion of excess capital, and our estimated RBC ratio remains above 500%. Our hedging programs continue to work well. And the investment portfolio is well positioned and diversified. We returned approximately 132% of operating earnings, excluding unlocking to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This is consistent with the level of shares we repurchased before, a significant increase in the first half of the year, but remains well above our baseline 90% to 100% of earnings. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys, good morning. Quick question. So let's just start with the DOL, I guess, first. So, Jim, you mentioned narrowing the offerings, so I want to follow up on that. Maybe talk a little bit about the number of products you guys are currently offering, whether it's mutual funds or variable annuity products, kind of where it stands now, where do you think you could go, and also curious to hear whether this is just a qualified account issue, or you guys will just narrow down the scope and the number of products across the whole platform.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So we're going through that review right now with the various screens that we'll put into effect. But, again, as you know, we offer a wide range of products, so if you take investment products, mutual funds, we have thousands of them on the platform. So even where we will narrow them, there will still be a significant offering, but we're making sure that the products that we do have go through a level of, what we would say, both due diligence, but also a level of screening from a research and -- perspective, so that we ensure that the products offered, we think, would be both appropriate from a pricing perspective, as well as from a performance and durability perspective longevity of having those products appropriate for the client.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, so you would say the main criteria is still performance pricing. How does the overall relationship with the platform play into it? Is it meaning that if you have a lot of offering from a certain advisor or certain asset manager, does that play a big role or pricing and performance takes...
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: No, we offer a wide range. We'll still have a good number of manufacturers on our platform. Having said that, we have a wide range today that we feel probably under the DOL requirements and the level of diligence that we have to provide, we would have to narrow. And I think we're going to see that across the industry. We're doing this both on a qualified and non-qualified, we don't see a difference between the two. They are the same clients, and then we'll make that consistent.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That's helpful. And my second question around the trends and the wrap account business. Definitely nice to see organic growth pick back up this quarter. But as we think about the fee rate, obviously down a little bit sequentially, but bigger picture the sustainability of the, you know, call it 140 basis point management fee on wrap accounts, seems to be on a higher end, whether we look at some of your competitors on the wire house front, or even some of the independent broker dealers. How do you guys view the sustainability of that fee rate in a world where kind of scrutiny on fees and awareness around fees is clearly rising?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, when we look at our fee rate overall, I mean, the fee rate also includes a lot of some of our activities regarding our financial planning activities. And so some of those services that we perform for clients are also embedded in our fee rate. And we do that, we'll look at it sometimes on a consolidated basis of advisors. That's the way they price their book. And so in that there are a lot of services around the full comprehensive financial plan, and services rendered in that regard.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our following question comes from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everybody. I also want to touch on the potential of a DOL impact on the advisory business or on the Advice & Wealth Management business. So it seems like we're starting to see some bifurcation in approaches or strategic views from different advisory businesses, whether to continue to offer flexible options for clients and preserve the flexibility while tweaking product offerings, which seems to be what Ameriprise is doing, and then those who are maybe taking more drastic measures of exiting the commissions business or the brokerage business altogether. I just want to get a sense as you're looking at the business in the future with DOL what gives you comfort that you can continue offering this flexibility today?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, as we – we look to serve the client comprehensively and that's our planning approach. So we look to make sure that the client is getting the right solutions necessary for them to have a complete financial picture. In that regard, we feel that even in the qualified part of the business other products and services are necessary for them to be appropriate. As an example, we do believe in investment advisory, a large part of our business is done that way, but investment advisory might not be for all clients, based on a combination of the fees for it, based on the size of account, et cetera, and that there may be more efficient and appropriate products for them, such as a fund in particular circumstances, or an annuity for retirement income and guarantees. So what we're trying to do is give our advisors as much flexibility as possible where these products would continue to be appropriate, both in the qualified as well as similar to a non-qualified in that regard. It doesn't mean that more business won't shift to investment advisory as it has today, but we want to give them the flexibility to do that. Now, that does require more work on our part. It does require more compliance. It does require more due diligence. It does require more disclosures and documentation for an advisor to do that fully, under the BIC. But we have the ability and the capabilities to support that, and that's what we want to try to do for our advisors as we move forward.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then my follow up would be on the excess capital position and with the dislocation that may come with the implementation of DOL, can you maybe talk about where you see opportunities to possibly deploy or maybe offer (38:47) M&A opportunities? And maybe also talk about what is of less interest to you, even with the dislocations that DOL may generate in the industry.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So we see opportunities that will continue as other players either say, "Hey, I can't support this business, and therefore, I'm not going to support activities, like I'm not going to support BIC activities, et cetera for commission-based product," or that we can't do the amount of extensive due diligence, disclosure, documentation appropriate to support advisors, where I think more people may want to come to Ameriprise. Now we're looking for people to come to Ameriprise that will fit our culture, fit our advice value proposition, that really would continue to build in the way that they do business, our brand equity in the marketplace. So culturally, having the right fit appropriate to the quality business that is what we're looking for. So whether they be individual firms or advisors that want to join us, we'll be looking for that over time. And I think there will be opportunities, because as we're showing to you, we have a firm that has a lot of capability. But we're devoting tremendous resources to this. We have anywhere from 500 (40:07) people to 1,000 people working on this DOL initiative right now embedded in our firm, just based on how we're redeploying resources, because the timeframe to get this done is pretty short, and the amount of effort to get it done is pretty significant. So we feel we do have the ability to do that. Many firms will not have that ability or be able to support their advisors to make that change. Remember, advisors have to make these changes across their book, and many advisors have 300 clients to 500 clients. And so, it's a big change for them. And so we have the wherewithal and the capabilities to help support our advisors through that. So if we look at M&A it will be along those types of guidelines that we would continue to pursue firms and people. We also see opportunities in the asset management space. Very clearly this is a consolidating environment. As you can see, flows are difficult across the business, and you really do need larger platforms and capabilities to sustain the type of business, put the product to market, ensure that it's meeting the criteria that firms like ours are going to have moving forward. And we feel that Columbia Threadneedle has a lot of those capabilities, and so we'll continue to look to complement what we have put in place.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our following question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous.
Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research: Hi, thank you. Can you provide just some more color on the drivers of the variable annuity unlocking and the magnitude of the changes in assumptions? What specific changes did you make to policyholder behavior assumptions?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Sure, it's Walter. How are you? The primary element that we analyzed was really on the persistency, and looking at -- but that was the one that drove the biggest change in our variable annuities. And basically looking at the patterns of people that were basically taking withdrawal benefits and people – how they were taking them. And so we analyzed that a little further from that standpoint, and that's what led to our conclusion to increase the persistency. That was the primary element. We've been seeing the trend, and this trend with the additional information analysis, that's what drove the persistency element. Obviously we had other behavioral changes, but pretty much netted off. The change on the interest side is we evaluated this, and we basically extended the mean reversion timeframe from the 3.5 years to 5.5 years, and kept our long-term range assumption the same.
Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research: Got it. Can you quantify either the change in the lapse rate or what the long-term interest rate assumption is?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It was – no, I don't have the specifics on that. I'm not sure we give that out, but certainly we've helped from the standpoint of analyzing and looking at our debt, this is going to deal with the situation from that perspective. I just don't have that.
Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research: Okay. And then, Jim, just one bigger picture strategic question. Do you think that being both a manufacturer and distributor of products provides the same competitive and economic advantages that it did historically? And in the DOL world, how do you think about maximizing the value of both your product and distribution capabilities.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so I would say, I do feel that Ameriprise today is a stronger firm because we have a combination of very strong distribution as well as manufacturing capabilities. Our manufacturing capabilities and the intellectual know how and capability we have actually helps us in many regards to think about how our advisors can work better, products and services that are appropriate for them, and the capabilities even to manage some of those various assets that we deploy. Now with that, let's remember, in our channel, we only sell products consistent with what we offer from an industry perspective. They're very competitive. They operate in the same format, same pricing, same commission structure, everything in that regard is no different. Having said that, we also through our manufacturing have the ability like through Columbia Threadneedle, because we can serve a certain number of people, but to serve more people globally, both retail and institutions and leverage that capability. So I feel like Ameriprise has a number of strong legs to our sort of foundation, and those complement each other over time. I think as we've proven to you, that if you look at our both ability to generate earnings growth, the volatility of our earnings are lower, our return has been higher from a combination of the businesses that we're in. Now we make sure each business is very much focused about what it could deliver and the core value of it. But I feel still even with the changes with the DOL, if you can provide good product, appropriate product, consistent with what needs to be delivered to the consumer end point in an appropriate and beneficial way, then there's no reason why you can't be in those businesses. And remember, very few business today are just pure distributors. Now, you can say, well, in the wealth management, independent space, but they're very tight margins and in that regard, the sustainability of those businesses over time, one can question.
Erik J. Bass - Autonomous Research: Got it. Thank you. Appreciate the comments.
Operator: Our following question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, thanks, good morning. Jim, you mentioned using long-standing ERISA exemptions for your investment advisory business. Should we view that as being different than the level fee fiduciary exemption under BIC, and if so, how do you go about, I guess, go about qualifying for that?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yes, so, very clearly under ERISA, you have the ability to offer and operate with full discretion, with no conflicts, et cetera, et cetera; that is part of the way we do our advisory business. There's also an exemption called the PPA exemption that allows non-discretionary advisor accounts, where compensation paid to the fiduciary advisor is based on assets and its level across. So those are the two exemptions that we will -- or the way operate under ERISA that we think is appropriate, and has various protections appropriate, as long as you satisfy those requirements, and that would be different than operating under the BIC standard, which has its own exemption. So, it would operate a little differently, it takes it out of the idea of a private right of action, as well as you would have under the BIC.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Would you still be able, in your view, would you still be able to collect existing revenue-sharing payments under that approach?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Under the PPA, the answer is yes for services rendered. And that's the way we look at our cost reimbursement for services rendered. And that cost reimbursement would be consistent and appropriate, and then that's different than what the advisor, the advisor will not get various differences in compensation based on product or type of platform they are on in the advisory basis. That would all be consistent in what they get and what they are charged for the administration of those assets.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. And then Walter, can you quantify how much the on-going impact to variable annuity earnings will be from the actuarial assumption changes?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, we're still working through it. Obviously, it will have an impact as we deal with the SOP reserve, but it will – from that standpoint it could be over the year, looking at this in the $30 million, $40 million range.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: $30 million to $40 million in that, would any of that have been reflected in the numbers this quarter, ex one-time items?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: It's in the quarter operating, not in the quarter (48:34) because basically, it starts in June 30. So you have it on that basis in our operating around, $8 million to $9 million. And then you should expect to go forward that would be in that range.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our following question comes from Doug Mewhirter from SunTrust.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi, good morning. First, could you quantify, what is your net long-term care reserve position right now as it stands?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: As, you mean to DAC or overall -- yeah, DAC, there is no more DAC, basically it's been written off.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: No, I mean your long-term care reserves, I should...
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I do not have what the...I do not have, I will have to get you what the reserves are. Obviously there is about $2 billion on our share of the reinsurance, I just don't have the reserve number.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And just shifting gears a bit the, with regards to the advisors, it looks like, again, you are recruiting some productive advisors. You are losing some. Though, it looks like the ones you are losing may be less productive. I mean, are you -- in terms of -- what are you -- are you shooting for to try to break even on the net advisory count? Is that a realistic assumption? Or is the -- I guess the weeding process, where you'll always tend to lose a little bit more, less productive advisors than you will gain in more productive new advisors? And as just a quick follow-up to that, has the, with the more stress in the independent brokerage industry, have you had to maybe pay less to recruit productive advisors given the fact they may have less options now? Thanks.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So, we don't look at it as sort of based on the number or count. We look at it as bringing in quality advisors and their books that would be appropriate for us, and we are recruiting more people that have higher productivity. And we have been bringing on more recently, even, many more $1.0 million-plus producers and teams, so they are finding Ameriprise a good home for them, and appropriate from a cultural and a support perspective. The people we are losing in those attrition numbers are some lower producers that are not hitting some of the standards that we have. It also includes people who are retiring, and moving their books to other advisors. So the assets don't leave, but they are, sort of, moving out, and transitioning their practices, as they have set up successful transition and succession plans that we help our advisors do here. We are seeing some more advisors come back even from the independent space that want more of the support and the value that we can provide to help them build and grow their practices, rather than being just more continued independent that don't get that level of that support out there. I think we will see a continuation of that pickup over time, as more people are evaluating their businesses and their practices. I think even as you move to the RIA space, it is going to be more difficult. All of RA's, including rollovers have to operate under a BIC standard. There's going to be a lot more compliance and supervision out there; the SEC is staffing up to do that. They also made arrangements with FINRA who handle some of the activities they did so that they can focus on more of the advisory space now as that has grown. So, I do believe that people are going to be needing more support. I think the compliance is going to be very important out there, of course, the industry and the liability that people will have will continue to rise.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Jim, first question is on the debt raise, $500 million. Is that related to your view of near-term M&A opportunities and can you talk about where your head is at with regard to M&A? Are you thinking, smaller financial-type deals, or potentially something bigger and strategic?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so on the debt raise, I'll have Walter comment on that, just because it's part of our capital structure, what he is looking to accomplish, and then I'll come back to the M&A. You want to just...
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah. The debt was strictly an issuance related to the fact, looking at our capital structure, looking to the call, looking at our maturity ladder. It had really nothing to do with M&A.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Now, in regard to the M&A, as we have said to you consistently, so first, let me start by saying that we will continue to look for strategic opportunities, that we have been a very disciplined buyer, and we will continue to be a disciplined buyer out there. That M&A activities will fit where we think that we could either grow the business, scale the business, appropriately get shareholder good return from the business, or continue to help build out in certain platforms and capabilities that we want to continue to grow. I do believe there will be more opportunities coming. Again, that doesn't that we'll just jump at those opportunities, but if the right ones do come past, we will look at them and evaluate them appropriately. We still have the wherewithal, a combination of the cash, more debt that we can actually go out to the market if necessary, et cetera, to do appropriate acquisitions of reasonable size, even small or medium size or even a bit of larger if we really felt that was appropriate. But at the end of the day, we're still going to be a very disciplined buyer, we're going to be very appropriate to what our core businesses are, and what will give us strategic value longer-term.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And just shifting gears. The reinsurance contract you have for long-term care with Genworth, I just had a question on that. The counterparty credit exposure you have to Genworth, are you just an institutional client that would be subordinated to policyholders? Or do the assets that you have there, which I think are north of $2 billion have some enhanced protection as you think about counterparty credit exposure?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: All right. From our standpoint, we have protection. I am not at liberty to go over them. But the issue is we do have some protections.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. So Walter, should I take that to mean, you wouldn't necessarily be looking to reduce that exposure right now? That you're comfortable with it?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Well, let me say it this way. Certainly we've worked with Genworth for a long time, and we, as you know, the way we operate on enterprise risk management, that we would look for mitigations, and we feel comfortable with the net exposure.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And then my final question is on 12b-1 fees and marketing support fees that I believe, some of which I believe are going to go away in January of 2017, or at least the structure is going to change. Jim, if I've taken your past comments on those correctly, those are largely pass-throughs to your financial advisors. Should we be concerned at all that the loss of income that your FAs would have is going to make it harder for you to recruit and retain advisors or do you believe that that's going on everywhere, and it's not likely to impact you too much?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Yeah, so in regard to the 12b-1s, most of that is a pass-through, particularly in the independent space that we have. The employee is not a pass through. But in that regard, yeah, there will be a piece that the firm has, a piece that the advisor has, but all of that will go away starting January. To the extent that there aren't necessarily 12b-1, share classes that do not have 12b-1, we'll be rebating anything different back. But we will move to more of an institutional share class across our house. Now with that, it will affect some of the fees the advisor has had in that regard, and they're evaluating their practices. They're evaluating the value and the services that they render in that regard as well. And in the firm perspective, we are making adjustments for some of the things that we need to do to offset that from a cost perspective or from a service perspective as well. Now, we feel very appropriate that this is a move across the industry, or will be across the industry. I think a number of players have moved that in some of their books, but will more fully move to that over time. And so we think it is reasonable and appropriate to do that, consistent -- many of the funds that we offer didn't have these share classes up to this point. And so in those cases, we're waiting for some of them to get those share classes, but our date of execution and the platforms we put in place to handle that will be fully operational by the end of the year so that we're allowed – be able to do that. But that's really where we've moved and we will move by January.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from Credit Suisse.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning, everybody. So Jim, I know this is going to be sort of asking you to speculate a little bit. So take it for what it's worth. But the announcements over the past couple of weeks from a couple of your key distribution competitors, Merrill, Commonwealth, I mean, they're effectively saying, at least this is my interpretation, that they are uncomfortable with the idea of utilizing the BIC exemption beginning in April. And you're very consistent with your commentary over the last couple of quarters that you remain comfortable with the idea of employing the BIC. I guess, if you could speculate on it, I mean, what's the key differences between your comfort level and their lack thereof?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I can't speak to their comfort level, or their lack of. What I could say is, listen, by implementing and executing against the BIC, it does require the firm to put more resources to ensure there is a greater level of what I would call both support, compliance, changes to products and platforms, and capabilities there. And then support the advisors and the training, et cetera. And so, an easier way for us to do it as well would have been, "Hey, we're not going to support that" and get out. It would be a lot more efficient for the firm. We'd make a lot more money, et cetera by just people moving. On the other side, some of those clients won't be as served well, our advisors' book wouldn't be as complete for them, it wouldn't be actually helping our advisors achieve what they think they need to achieve from a client. The impact from a client would also be more significant. So, I can't talk to them and their book and the size of their activities and how important this is to them, but we do feel that we want to help our advisors as best as we can. We will continue to help our advisors as they want to do more advisory business. Remember 70% of our fee – our total GDC already is in fee-based businesses, through our financial planning activities and our wrap business, et cetera. And so it's not as though Ameriprise isn't a leader in the advisory business. Having said that, even though this is a smaller part of the business, so you take the 30% and you take only the piece we're qualified which is about half of that or less, we still feel that we want to provide support necessary for our advisors so that they don't disrupt their client activities or have the clients pay more for services already that – for accounts and products that they already offered. So that's what we're doing, I can't speak to other competitors in that regard. And again, we think that we can be in compliance. If we can't, we won't do it, but we feel that we can be in compliance, and where we can't, we will trim the level of activity. But where we can, then we'll help support that, document it, and do it in the appropriate way under the exemption.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And, so that math, broadly speaking, that you just went through, Jim, if we thought about the 30% that is not fee-based, and roughly half of that related to qualified business, is that 15% or so of A&WM revenues, is that really the piece of the revenue stream that we should think is most at risk, if you did choose to say at some point, we actually aren't comfortable with the level of compliance required and we do need to rethink this?
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: I probably, I don't want to speculate on that as a percentage, because I haven't done the complete math on it, but what I would say, it would be a smaller part of our business. Having said that, we also feel like what we're doing here, we will make consistent in the way we operate between qualified and non-qualified. We feel that it would be inappropriate for us to say to a client, hey, in non-qualified, we'll do blah blah blah. But we're not going to do that here, either we'll put it in a robo or we'll service it a different way. So that's all I'm saying is, I think some might say, hey, we're going to pass that through a robo. These are our clients. We value our clients. Our advisors value our clients, and they are looking for holistic value against that from services rendered. And in regard to just dealing with people just in an investment advisory, we love that business. We think that business is appropriate for many clients, but it might not be the perfect solution for all clients, particularly with certain products and services that they may need.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then Walter, just a real quick follow-up on the variable annuity, unlocking. The extension -- without getting into the ultimate reversion to the mean interest rate that you're assuming, the extension from 3.5 years to 5.5 years to get there, about what proportion of the $220 million or so of charge did that account for?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: Approximately, if you look at, again, the interest impact. Let me use the word interest, because it obviously impacted LTC. And then obviously the impact is in the area around 45% to 50% of the number.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then just as I think about this NEIC and Oliver Wyman approach, it seems that a few companies are sort of out there, either directly or indirectly, sort of indicating that a CTE 98 standard seems to be what they expect is going to be implemented. I know it's several years away, and there's still uncertainty, but can you speak to what level you guys are currently holding capital behind your VA business?
Walter Stanley Berman - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: The amount of capital I'm holding right now. I don't want to speculate on a number. But candidly we have -- I'm trying to discern -- approximately over $2 billion. So I have to -- the issue is, again, let me just say, we are evaluating that. I will get you that number. But we are feeling that we are actually, with our situation and where we are on our hedges and everything, it will potentially impact, but we feel that we're comfortable with the number, and with, like you said, this is a long journey on this. We're not so sure where it's exactly going to go where Oliver Wyman is potentially taking it.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So we're a few years away. But I'll follow up, thank you.
James Michael Cracchiolo - Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: So I will say just one. Because we looked up the LTC reserve, and let me just to Doug. It's, $4.2 billion is the total. Half of that is again reinsured with Genworth. And so it comes down $2.1 billion.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to Q2 2016 Earning Call. My name is Paulette, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia A. Charity - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's second quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. Slide two of the earnings presentation materials available on our website includes the discussion of forward-looking statements, specifically that during the call you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2015 Annual Report to shareholders, our 2015 10-K Report, and the first quarter 2016 10-Q Report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. Turning to slide three, you see our GAAP financial results for the second quarter. Below that, you see our operating results, which management believes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations, and facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. The comments that management make on the call today will focus on operating financial results. And with that, I will turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our second-quarter earnings call. I'll provide my perspective on the business. Walter will discuss the financials, and then we'll answer your questions. Domestic equity markets improved in the quarter; however, internationally, markets remained quite weak year-over-year. Volatility spiked in June, which was reflected in slower client activity. Post Brexit, the British pound weakened significantly and created a difficult foreign exchange translation. Our internally-weighted equity index, which aligns to our domestic and international assets under management characteristics, was down 5% on average year-over-year. We ended the quarter with $777 billion in assets under management and administration, which was down a bit year-over-year. And as you're well aware, the low interest rate environment remains a persistent headwind. These are external factors that we can't control. That said, we're focused on what we can control: serving our clients, executing our strategy, managing expenses well as we invest in the business, and navigating these market movements. So, how did this translate into our performance? Overall, Ameriprise delivered solid second-quarter results. On an operating basis, net revenues reflected a tougher market environment and were down 4% to $2.9 billion. Earnings per diluted share were also down 4% to $2.23, but that include certain items in the quarter that we highlighted, and our return on equity, excluding AOCI, remained very strong at 23.9%. This is up 40 basis points from a year ago. Both our financial foundation and ability to consistently generate good free cash flow remain strong, and we increased the number of shares we repurchased year-over-year to 4.7 million shares. In total, we returned about 150% of earnings to shareholders, the second consecutive quarter where we returned at that level. Let's move to our business results. In Advice & Wealth Management, our Advice value proposition is strong and we continue to generate good earnings with very good margin. Our advisors and teams are working closely with clients to help them understand the current environment and, importantly, to ensure they remain focused on achieving their long-term goals. Naturally (4:32), the market volatility and general unease in the quarter continued to affect investor behavior. With this volatility, we increased our market commentary and communications for the field to help equip our advisors to have meaningful conversations with their clients. As you expect, clients are cautious and our overall transaction activity remain muted. In the quarter, we continue to grow our client base, and in terms of retail clients' assets under management, assets grew to an all-time high in the quarter to $462 billion. We continue to have solid flows into fee-based investment advisory, another $2.3 billion in the quarter, where we have one of the largest platforms in the industry. However, given market volatility, brokerage cash balances continued to rise, up 17% from a year ago to more than $23 billion, which can be redeployed in the future. I'm feeling good about the strength of our field force. Our advisors take pride in and appreciate the Ameriprise value proposition and strong culture. That's also very attractive to advisors in the industry. We continue to have terrific advisor satisfaction. I spent time with many of our top advisors at our National Conference in May, and they're feeling very good about the value, the support and the growth opportunity they have here. Our Be Brilliant advertising campaign is on the airwaves and being positively received both on TV as well as online. Ameriprise brand awareness has also remained quite strong. Though industry recruiting slowed, this was one of the best quarters for recruiting for Ameriprise. Another 98 experienced advisors with good productivity joined Ameriprise and our pipeline for the rest of the year looks good. Overall, given market pressures, advisors maintained good productivity with operating net revenue per advisor at $507,000 on a 12-month basis. From the metrics perspective, we're delivering good profitability with margins increasing to a strong 17.7% in the quarter. We remain well-positioned in the marketplace to take advantage of the growth opportunity as conditions settle. Clearly, the Department of Labor fiduciary rule remains a top priority for us. As I've discussed with you, I believe Ameriprise is well-positioned to handle the changes required. We have the experience, capabilities, compliance, infrastructure, and dedicated teams to ensure we comply with the new rule. As we and others in the industry noted, this is a highly-complex rule that requires a thoughtful rigorous approach. Of course, we'll also be factoring in the Department's additional guidance, which they indicated will be coming in the near future. Since the rule's introduction, we've been working closely with our advisors and field leaders to help them understand the requirements and the adjustments we're making to implement them effectively. We're conducting a comprehensive ongoing series of webcasts, workshops and local training sessions to help them prepare to operate in compliance with the rule. We will continue to deliver the high level of support throughout this transition, which is consistent with our commitment to help our advisors grow their practices. The advisors have been very appreciative of the level of support we're providing. Given what we know, we feel comfortable that we can effectively navigate through it, and we'll keep you apprised as we move forward. Let's move to Annuities and Protection. The Annuities and Life and Health insurance businesses are performing as we would expect in a low interest rate environment. With regard to Annuities, earnings were in line, given rates and the equity market pressure on account balances. On the variable side, account balances declined slightly to $75 billion and sales slowed year-over-year, which was similar to recent industry trends. A year ago, we had higher sales from new living benefit riders that were well received by our clients and advisors. Keep in mind, our variable annuity sales and flows reflect both our current block of business and closed legacy blocks. On the fixed side, the book is performing as expected in this low interest rate environment. In Life and Health, overall business results are within our expectations, including our claims experience. Sales slowed a bit in the quarter, consistent with transactional activity. We continue to focus on the asset accumulation portion of the business, primarily in VUL and UL, and providing a high-level advisor training service and support. With regard to Auto & Home, consistent with the P&C industry, we experienced a high level of cat losses in the quarter, primarily driven by wind and hailstorms in southern and central regions of the country. In Auto & Home, we're making more strategic and impactful changes in our business lines to tighten up areas where we had higher loss levels. This is in addition to the pricing underwriting claims and organizational changes we're making. And we're seeing improvements that will translate into improved financial results in the coming quarters. In Asset Management, we're executing a focused strategy for long-term growth. Clearly, the market environment was challenging in the quarter, with both the average equity market declines, high volatility in June, and the pound dropping to the lowest point against the U.S. dollar in more than 30 years. In this environment, assets under management declined to $460 billion, and we also had one-time expenses which we previously noted that impacted earnings in the quarter. Underlying expenses have remained well controlled as we work to preserve margins in the current environment. In terms of investment performance, we continue to generate good long-term performance track records across many asset classes and styles, and this performance looks relatively strong against industry peers. Regarding the UK referendum, I'm pleased with how we're implementing our initial plans to manage the post-UK referendum period effectively, and providing support and perspective to our clients and investors. The transition will take time and we have been reinforcing with clients that there is no immediate decisions investors need to make. As you would expect, we are monitoring decisions in Britain and the EU, as we and the industry determine next steps. We have a strong and important business in the UK, Europe, and we're committed to serving the needs of all of our investors and feel comfortable with our ability to do so going forward. We also have operations in Luxembourg, and already have established a fund range that we sell in Europe and we will continue to build upon. Now, let's move to flows. In the quarter, we experienced $4.7 billion in outflows. About half were driven by lower fee former parent-related flows that we discussed with you. Of the remainder, several of the institutional fundings we expected in second quarter were delayed due to Brexit. While we should see them come through in the second half of the year, the timing aspect resulted in $2.6 billion in institutional net outflows in the third quarter, with approximately $2 billion of very low fee short-duration fixed-income mandates. Overall, our institutional pipeline remained strong. Global retail flows were modestly positive and included invested dividends. In the U.S., we continue to focus on improving market share. And while industry gross sales in the active space were down, our flows improved a bit. And in UK and European retail, we saw outflows leading up to the vote as investors were cautious, and this turned more negative after the vote. Based on our initial read of flows in the third quarter, this pressure appears to be subsiding. I like to point out a number of developments in the quarter in the U.S. We announced the acquisition of Emerging Global Advisors, a smart beta provider, focused on emerging markets; and we've also launched three new equity income smart beta ETFs. Smart beta is a long-term opportunity for us. It's a natural complement to our traditional active business as we take the necessary steps to advance the business. In addition, shareholder-supported fund mergers that further strengthen our U.S. product line, and we also launched a new advisor website for Columbia Threadneedle, enhancing the online experience. So overall, I feel good about how we're managing a tough and uncertain market environment. The actions we're taking to drive long-term growth are the right ones. We're managing the business prudently to preserve profitability, while investing in initiatives to compete in our key regions. As I look at the company overall, Ameriprise is a strong company in a good position with significant opportunity for growth when conditions settle. We're focused on what we can control and delivering a strong client experience. We have the financial stability and capital to navigate the headwinds, to continue to invest for growth, and return to shareholders at a very attractive level. And I'd add that very few financial services companies are generating this level of return on equity and returning to shareholders as strongly as Ameriprise. With that, I'll turn it over to Walter to discuss the numbers for the quarter in more detail.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Jim. Ameriprise continues to navigate the macro conditions well, delivering solid financial results in the quarter. Given the revenue challenges related to the macro environment, we are selectively investing for growth, while managing expenses tightly. We believe our stock continues to be undervalued. The valuation combined with our strong balance sheet and free cash flow generation allowed us to be opportunistic in the quarter in our share repurchase. Let's turn to consolidated results beginning on slide six. Macro conditions impacted revenue in a few ways. Our weighted equity index, our proxy for equity market movements on AUM, declined 5% on average year-over-year, but was up 6% on average, sequentially. This affected average AUM and fees, which are collected based on average daily assets. The dislocation over the past few quarters has muted client activity and contributed to Asset Management outflows. Low interest rates remained a headwind for our insurance and annuity businesses. And the pound fell at the end of the quarter, following the UK referendum to leave the European Union, so the foreign exchange translation impacted ending asset levels. With that as a backdrop, you can see how this macro-environment impacted operating net revenue, which were down 4% year-over-year. Lower average equity markets reduced revenue by approximately $50 million and also suppressed client transactional activity. On a sequential basis, we saw revenues improve in the quarter, up 2%, reflecting improvement in the market index. Let's turn to slide seven. Ameriprise delivered good underlying business performance and EPS in a challenging revenue environment, demonstrating our ability to navigate through business cycles. We are tightly managing expenses, while making the right investments to adjust to regulatory and geopolitical changes and support future growth. We're seeing the results of our targeted re-engineering initiatives, which we expect to be realized more in the second half of the year. Pre-tax earnings declined, substantially driven by market dislocation; however, EPS was only down 4%, reflecting effective tax planning and our significant share repurchase program. Our business model generated significant free cash flow, and our valuation provided a good opportunity to repurchase shares at a discounted level. In the quarter, we delivered a strong 23.9% return on equity. Let's turn to segment performance. Starting on slide eight; first, the Advice & Wealth Management business continues to perform very well, delivering solid results in the face of the challenging environment. Jim spoke about the strong leading indicators we're seeing in this business, excellent EAR recruiting, strong advisor and client retention and record client asset levels. Financial results are also good in this context. While operating net revenue was down about 2% from last year to $1.3 billion in the quarter, it was driven by lower average equity markets and slower transactional activity. These dynamics impacted PTI as well, but PTI was also benefited from our discipline expense management. It should be noted that earnings in this segment improved sequentially due to better equity markets and transactional activity levels, which drove revenue up 4% and earnings up 8%. Operating margin in the quarter was strong at 17.7%, up 40 basis points from last year and up 60 basis points sequentially. Outside of significant market disruption, we expect future margin expansion to continue over time. Let's turn to slide nine on Asset Management. Clearly, we faced external headwinds in the quarter. The average WEI was down 5% year-over-year, which impacted both revenue and pre-tax operating earnings. Operating net revenue was down 11% to $739 million, with approximately a quarter of the decline related to markets. The other primary driver of revenue decline was the cumulative impact of net flows. Pre-tax operating earnings were down 25% to $148 million, which was impacted by markets, outflows as well as the preannounced resolution of a legal matter. I'd like to note that foreign exchange translation impact from Brexit was minimal in the quarter. We're prudently managing expenses with overall expenses down 7% and G&A down 5%. Looking ahead, we see an opportunity to improve margins as we move to more normalized markets. Turning to Annuities on slide 10, the segment is performing in line with our expectations. Variable annuity pre-tax operating earnings was $118 million, down slightly from $120 million a year ago. This business was also impacted by market dislocation in the terms of the direct impact on account values and lower asset earning rates. The underlying business is solid and the risks are well-managed. Fixed annuity pre-tax operating earnings declined to $28 million due to elevated lapses over the past year as the block has been running off. The earnings in the quarter were a bit better than anticipated due to higher mortality experience among income annuity contract holders. Given the current interest rate environment, there are limited new sales and, as a result, this book is expected to gradually run off and earnings will trend down during the year. Turning to the Protection segment on slide 11, pre-tax operating earnings were $37 million in the quarter. Let's focus on Life and Health first. Pre-tax operating earnings were down from last year, largely due to an $18 million long-term care reserve release in the prior period. Also, long-term care claims were elevated in the current year, but remained within expected ranges. Auto & Home had an operating loss in the quarter due to preannounced cat losses of $37 million. The combined ratio was 118% in the quarter, which included 14% from cat losses. Underlying results reflect the booking of accident year 2016 incurred losses at a level consistent with the end of 2015. Management has taken action to enhance underwriting, pricing and claims practices, which are driving improvement in frequency and severity trends in both short- and long-tailed coverages. As these business trends continue to emerge, we anticipate that they will begin to be reflected in the financial results. Let's turn to the balance sheet on slide 12. As we have told you before, Ameriprise maintains a strong balance sheet that we would use opportunistically. We have approximately $2 billion of excess capital and our estimated RBC ratio remains above 500%. Our hedging program continues to work well, and the investment portfolio is diversified. We returned approximately 150% of operating earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase, again, this quarter, well above our baseline of 90% to 100% of earnings. We repurchased 4.7 million shares in the quarter, up significantly from a year ago. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks and good morning, everyone. So given the UK referendum, hopefully, you can provide some more color on the various plans you're executing, especially around your Luxembourg operations to continue to distribute your funds throughout the EU and the amount of AUM, which was potentially impacted there?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Nigel, we already have operation formally set up out of Luxembourg. We already have a reasonable portion of our fund lineup on the CCAP format that is distributed throughout Europe. So, what we're going to do, we have a process already in place for what we've established so far, that we'll just build out that line to be a full complement to the line that we offer in the OEICs, and that's already going to be underway. So, we'll have plenty of time and ability, depending on what the final outcome is of the referendum and the decisions made between the UK and the EU, for our clients to move into the new format, if that's the most appropriate for them as they move forward. And so, we've done it before. We actually have that in operation already, so it's not something that we have to newly establish.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And then second question on Asset Management adjusted margins. We've had a couple quarters now where it's declined on a core basis into the mid-30%s. Is that the new normal, or is the high-30%s, which I think was the previous guidance, still an achievable goal?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's Walter. The range that we have, 35% to 40%, is still in effect. Obviously, this quarter hit the 35%, but certainly we see the 35% to 40% is the range that we think is appropriate.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning and thank you. Wanted to follow up on Nigel's question regarding the OEICs, and maybe you could give a little color on what percentage of your AUM in Europe – or retail AUM in Europe comes from that platform today?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, we probably have about 25%, that would be the non-UK. But of that already, we have almost 60% already in the non-UK, the CCAP format. So, it's really the difference. So, we're probably talking about $5 billion, that's more in – that could be moved to the CCAP, if that's what was necessary.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, turning to the Advice & Wealth Management segment, we've seen, I think, one or two management teams already talk about stopping the sale of Class A mutual fund shares through advisors and not allowing the receipt of the 12b-1 fees in wrap (25:29) business. Is that something that you're considering as well? And then maybe you could also give us a little bit of color as to what percentage of revenues come from those fees?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, we are moving to – as we highlighted previously, we're moving to institutional share classes; where there aren't any, it will be a load wave of A Class. But in that regard, we'll have that orchestrated as we move to a complete new account structure, and those share classes are more introduced across the industry. Now that will take place, probably we're looking at, towards the first part of next year. And so, that would eliminate some of the 12b-1s that are currently collected. Most of – as we do, we pass on those 12b-1s to the advisors. The advisors will be now adjusting their business model appropriately so, to look at their services rendered and other things. And so, that's a decision we've made and we're moving towards that, and we're helping our advisors through that transition over the course of the year.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And do you envision – or what do you envision that impact to be on Ameriprise's earnings?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, on our revenue – of course, the revenue will be adjusted for the 12b-1s going away. We only get a haircut on that. Most of that's passed to the advisors, similar to our distribution arrangements, particularly in our franchise channel. And so with that, there will be an impact to earnings, but we are focused very much on offsetting that through other adjustments that we're making in our business model, as well as on a cost basis. And so, we think that will have a minimal impact as we phase through (27:19) this by other changes we have to make, just as we're asking our advisors to review their business model as well, for adjustments that they may be looking to make.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi. I just had, first, a follow-up. On the 12b-1 fees, are you only going to eliminate the receipt of 12b-1 fees in the advisory platform, or across the entire platform as well?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, when you say across the entire platform, we will be eliminating them across both qualified and non-qualified, so across the complete of the advisory-type platforms. In regard to brokerage, brokerage is a little different. 12b-1s are still able to be collected there. We're looking at what is the appropriate share class and appropriate distribution arrangements there, and that we'll make a decision on that subsequent. But we feel that that can still operate appropriately under the exemptions of the BIC.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And then, I guess, somewhat related question on revenue sharing payments and platform fees. Do you see any changes necessary regarding the new DOL rule on that aspect of the business?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What we see right now is that you're still very appropriately allowed to get cost reimbursements for the services rendered. We'll, of course, make some adjustments and tighten some various things. Having said that, we think that the bulk of what we do, and how the service is provided, and the reimbursement we get, will be able to be continued.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And then just one last clarification, as a follow up, is the $5 billion number, you referenced the amount of non, I guess – or EU investors that are invested in UCITS types of products that could potentially have to move to CCAP (29:23). Was that the number you were referring to?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And with that, again, there's nothing that's come out formally that says they do have to move at this point in the time. If they do, we'll have the like product set up in just the CCAP format. And there are ways that we're reviewing right now for that transfer to be made appropriately from a client perspective, if necessary.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Good morning. So, I guess, first, just a follow up on the discussion around potential changes you guys could still make on the Advice & Wealth Management platform to kind of offset some of the revenue pressures. One of the areas we've been hearing a little more about is just what the brokerage firms charge just for access and essentially the platform fees, given the size of your platform with, obviously, a lot of financial advisors and a lot of assets. Can you talk about two things? I guess; A, your plans to rationalize any shelf space, kind of what it means for the number of products you're offering there? And two, what you are contemplating in terms of charging the manufacturers to be on your platform?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, what we're doing, of course, and we do this on an ongoing basis, is we review various products and services offered on our platform. We make sure that there is a level of appropriate due diligence around them, in the offering as well as with that, the appropriate lineups for our advisors so that they have a full opportunity to review all the appropriate investments for their clients. We'll go through that review as we are now, consistent with any changes necessary required by the Department in that – under the exemption, et cetera. So we might tighten a range a little bit. We might tighten things more formally against the entire platform. But we don't see a radical shift at this point in time for what we're offering, because we already put those products and services through a level of due diligence appropriate. We may look to things and ensure that they're more equalized than any other offerings and some of the services rendered and the commission structure on them. That's what we're reviewing right now. As far as the platform fees, again, we will look to make sure that that is very consistent and within tight ranges appropriate so that there is no differences that would in any way influence even from an objective view in the offering. And so, those are the things that we're working on right now. But we don't see a dramatic shift for what we've been doing.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. So to paraphrase a little bit, it doesn't sound like you guys think the distributors will have much of a pricing power over the manufacturers to get their products in the platform?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, I think there is always a balance between the manufacturer and the distributor now. And I think, if anything, the distributor, at least in the our case, looks for cost reimbursement against the services that are rendered for the products offered, and that's what we're going to continue to do.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Great. And then, question just around capital management for you guys. Obviously, very consistent level of buybacks over the last couple of years. But if we think about the level of payout and if we get into an environment where the equity markets are a little bit tougher and, obviously, the interest rate dynamic is not particularly helpful, what's the appetite, I guess, to continue to maybe dip into the excess capital, $2 billion number, to maintain the level of, call it, around $450 million of buyback?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I'm not going to talk about the $450 million, but I'll talk about the ability, as you've see, we have dipped in to the excess and we've dropped it, and it's decreased, and we just had to call on some debt also. But we have the capacity to do that and certainly we'll evaluate the opportunity to best return to the shareholders as we look forward and look at the environment in which it's in. So we have the capacity, and it's just the matter of assessing what is the best way to return to shareholders as we look over the remainder of the year.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Jim, just a few follow-up DOL questions. So, from your response to Ryan's question, it sounds like you expect to be able to retain all of your marketing and support fees in terms of that revenue piece. And if that's the case, do you – just thinking about how you're transitioning and what risk that represents, and how we should think about that, is it you're going to be operating under the BIC, and that would carry some legal liability risk associated with it that would be higher instead of being a level fee fiduciary? Is that the right way to think about it?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think with – a part of our business, as we said, there's a part of the business that will be operating under the BIC, where necessary and appropriate for the sale of commission-based products, such as an annuity and certain things, including individual funds, where it wouldn't be appropriate necessarily to put them into a advisory or a wrap fee basis, particularly based on SCC (35:26) guidelines, et cetera. So under that regard, a portion of our business is in brokerage. It is a smaller part of our business today and maybe will even be a bit smaller as this continues to go forward. But that will operate under the BIC and we will abide fully by the – under the exemption of what's required there, including for the sale of any individual product and any payments made so that there's level commissions and all those various things that are required. In the bulk of our business, which is under investment advisory today, we will move more fully to an exemption allowed under the investment advisory, and where necessarily and appropriate, there is allowance for similar (36:12) level of cost reimbursement for certain of the services rendered that we'll continue to get. And that's the way we're reviewing and looking to implement against the various exemptions allowed.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Would you agree, though, I'm thinking about it the right way, you're thinking about the fees that you continue to make from marketing and support fees? And really the trade-off here is that – I presume there's some higher level of legal liability risks associated with using the BIC versus level fee fiduciary. Is that a fair way to think about it? Or would you disagree with that?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Under the BIC exemption, okay, there is allowance for cost reimbursement for certain services rendered that are not necessarily – they are permissible and we will ensure that we meet those requirements so that we would be able to appropriately offer various products and get reimbursement for the services rendered.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then just shifting to – I just want to better understand, as you eliminate 12b-1 fees and move to institutional share classes, what that means exactly? So that would be for all of your wrap accounts this would be occurring? Or maybe a better way to put it is, can you dimension what percent of your wrap accounts have 12b-1 fees, where you would be moving clients to the institutional share classes?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, we will be moving to institutional classes where they're offered for all of our accounts. And as I said, we'll move to a no-load A share – waived A share, where we – a load-waived A share, where we wouldn't have an institutional account available for the client at this point in time. In that regard, it will be across all of our advisory businesses and that will occur over the course of the beginning of next year. And with that, that to me – I'm not sure what your question is fully.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Well, just thinking about, is this going to happen, this move to institutional share classes this new structure.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Is this happening to all of your wrap accounts or is this just some fraction of (38:52)?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, some of our wrap accounts are already on some and as we introduced the new classification on some of our wrap over the last year have moved to institution, and that's what we're moving all as we convert our account structures and we get larger groups of offerings. Because not all offerings are out there on the institutional share class today. So as that occurs and we move our account structure, which we're hard at work at, we'll go into a one broad account structure that will occur by the beginning part of next year.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: And if I think about that kind of large movement, beyond the elimination of 12b-1 fees, will that also reduce fees overall? Like, just the movement in the retail institution...
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, 12b-1 fees will go away from revenue, at the end of the day. But advisors will be looking at their various accounts and services rendered and other services that they can offer the various clients, when necessary, if they need to. And from our perspective, our haircut from that will go away. And we're making adjustments in our business model so that we can offset that or remedy that in certain circumstances.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks. And then, one last one, if I could. Walter, I know you mentioned you see opportunity to improve margins in Asset Management. But if we look at asset earning rates, they've been coming down for the last few quarters. Just broadly, based on what's happening with DOL, there's clearly a movement afoot here to move certainly qualified investors into lower fee type structures. Do you really think this is a trend that's going to reverse or stabilize in terms of asset earning rates that have been declining here?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, our fee rates have been consistent and looking – and certainly with the – in the first quarter when you saw the drop, where you could not adjust your expense base, based on revenue. So we actually do see the 35% to 40% as reasonable ranges, and we've not seen the behavioral pattern that you're talking about take shape yet. So, the business model has the capacity to generate the 35% to 40%.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Mewhirter from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I had two questions. First, just a clarification on the Asset Management segment on some of the flow data. You cited a couple billion of outflows from, you characterized, a former parent company relationship, and that's happened on and off over the past couple quarters. So, how big is sort of the potential for outflows from that particular category, or is that sort of pipeline, as it were, almost empty?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, what we had experienced a bit more was some greater level – we always mention that there will be a normal outflow from our arrangements with Zurich and U.S. Trust over time, just as Zurich is a closed book, we constantly get a level of outflows. Having said that, the book has been relatively stable, with reinvestments and other things, and appreciation, where we still manage roughly equivalent levels of assets over time, but we always have to book that outflow as it comes true, and it always looks like a negative. In U.S. Trust, as an example, there is always a level of that, just because there is – as new sales come into U.S. Trust, or as their level of sales may have gone down. When we purchased it, it was a larger base of their assets, and so there is always a little difference between a level of redemption and a level of new sales, and we expected that. And that's normally what occurred. What occurred over the last number of quarters was that U.S. Trust decided to take some of their separate account fixed-income business back in-house. And in that regard, we suffered a little higher level of outflows from some of the dedicated activities we did for them. That looks like it now has slowed through the end of the second quarter, and we think that will go back to a more normalized number. But those are the reasons that we had some oversized flows that we experienced there.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that. And my second question, more of a conceptual question. How was, I guess, the feedback or the questions you're getting, or the conversations you're having with your advisory force, regarding variable annuities? I know that they've been in the spotlight in terms of the DOL rule. I know there has been some uncertainty around how they can sell them, or is there sort of still a willingness to sell these to an extent? Is there more of a replacement where more of them will say, no, I don't want to do this, I'm just going to put them into a wrap account? Just if you could just describe, conceptually, the conversations you're having with your advisors about that?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I think, first of all, there is probably – may be a little difference in the way we look at the sale of the annuity and what we do today versus, in broad terms, the industry. So, we look at the annuity as part of a broader solution set against our overall account and retirement plan for the client. And they're really sold as a solution for a piece of their activities. And we really have educated, and we work with our advisors, to understand where they would provide the essential income as a piece of that income drawdown plan. So, that's the way we've done business for a while. And as you can see, our business has been very stable in the amount of sales that we've done consistently, because they're not sold as just a product out there, but as part of the broader solution. Now with that, every sale of our annuity goes through a pre-approval process and an upfront review compliance, et cetera, to ensure that it is fit and appropriate for that client. And so, that process that we already have in place will be the same process that will be in place as we move forward. There's always a few things and tweaks that we'll make sure are complemented there, based on any other additional sort of thought process necessary. But we believe that the extent of the process we have in the place already goes through that level of due diligence and review, and where it is appropriate, in a qualified account. That's what we review today in a very rigorous way. So, we don't see a fundamental change in the way we do business regarding the sale of that product. Now, could there be adjustment in some of the activity there? The answer is always yes. But that's something we'll see over time, where necessary. But we don't see a fundamental change driven by a change in the fundamental process that we have in place, or review that we currently do. In addition, there may be some move to more of a level load over time, rather than an upfront commission. But again, that will depend on what circumstances, or how the advisor thinks about it. But we're not planning for a fundamental shift in our annuity business.
Doug R. Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's very helpful. That's all my questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Eric, your line is now open. And we'll move on to our last question. And our last question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS. Please go ahead.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to start with Advice & Wealth Management, and just get a sense on client activity. It looks like the distribution fees in that segment have been running kind of $550 million a quarter for the past couple of years and we've had a step-down here for the past few quarters. So just want to get a sense based on the feedback you're getting from your advisors. Are we at kind of a new run rate here in terms of activity, or do you think we can kind of get back to that mid-$550 million – mid-$500 million level, especially as these EARs start to vintage in?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think, as you saw in these first two quarters, there has been, especially in the first quarter, the impact to the markets and certainly the dislocation associated with – on long-dated. So, it is our expectation that as we work our way through – I can't exactly say where it's going to go back, but we certainly don't see this as a permanent trend and we're working through EARs, as you indicated. We are bringing on board, they are vintaging, and certainly the productivity within the legacy advisors. So, it's going to be a combination as we work through it, Suneet.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then, just related to EARs, the 98 I think that you added in the quarter was maybe the strongest we've seen since back to 2012. So, just a question, do you think this is the early signs of Wealth Management consolidation post DOL? And then relatedly, once the DOL standard goes live, I guess, next year, are you envisioning or expecting any changes to your ability to recruit advisors, particularly as we think about things like transitional compensation?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Suneet, as we look at the business today and what we're doing to both support our advisors, but also have a strong business model to actually help them serve both the retirement and non-retirement market, particularly to our target market of the $500,000 to $5 million, we're working very closely with what is the level of support our advisors need, the training; what is the level of, what we would call, activities necessary for them to truly serve these people more fully. And we feel like we have a very strong business model in place that can respond to whether it's about the regulatory, but also the consumer dynamics that the consumer is interested in. And the more we speak to the consumer and do research, whether (49:41) with millennials or not, they're asking and want more personal advice. They like working in an engaged world and using the digital, et cetera, and we have some of that better digital capabilities and we've been recognized out, and we're continuing to invest in it, and that includes digital advice. But they want more than something called robo, and they want more something than a computer model. And so, we do feel that we have the ability with our planning model to actually serve this universe. And therefore, we think we continue to be attractive to advisors, particularly based on a combination of that and our culture here built around how the advisor needs to serve the client and how we, as Ameriprise, also interact and connect to help the advisor serve the client. So, I think there will be some people evaluating going through the DOL. I think our pipeline has been good, because we're actually working day to day with our advisors to help them handle this and we have the compliance and the infrastructure necessary. And I think people will evaluate that over time, particularly if they're independent, or if they feel like the advice model would work for them a little better as they go forward. So, I can't predict what that will ideally look like, but I think we're able to serve them. As far as transition comp, et cetera, we're looking at all of those various things. But again, we feel like the way we have set that up and what we can do or even adjust for it will be done in a way that we think can satisfy some of those requirements.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just one last one, if I could, just on the Asset Management business. Given the focus on margins and some of the pressures that we're seeing in fees across the industry, just wondering if there has been any change to your appetite for M&A, particularly given maybe the scale requirement for that business have gone up given some of these macro pressures? Just wanted to get some thoughts there.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we continue to feel that, number one, we have globalized our business now and we're continuing to invest to even make that more efficient by having a seamless and consistent way of operating through our front and middle office. We're doing that in how we're sharing research and other things. So, we're continuing to complement what we do and make adjustments, as Walter said, so that we can get both effectiveness and efficiency on a global scale. But with that, we are still very open to look at complementary acquisitions as this world continues to change and if consolidation continues to occur. And I think we have the wherewithal to do that. I think we've shown that we can do that successfully and that we look for other activities or companies that would fit in with what we're trying to orchestrate and find that as an opportunity. So, we're very much open to that as the world continues. And as I said, we still have a very strong capital base. We're not over-leveraged. We have the ability to do that. At the same time, we have the ability to return to shareholders.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: So size – I mean, you could do a larger transaction, that would be something that would be of interest to you if it came along?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We have the ability of a range of sizes here based on our capacity, the earnings power, the balance sheet, the debt offering, et cetera, that we can do.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity - IR Jim Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter Berman - CFO
Analysts: John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Erik Bass - Citigroup Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Ryan Krueger - KBW Eric Berg - RBC Capital Suneet Kamath - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Ameriprise Financial First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. My name is Hilda and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2015 annual report to shareholders and our 2015 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. I’ll provide my perspective on the business, comments on the Department of Labor rule and Walter will discuss our financials. Then we will answer any questions you have. Clearly, it was a difficult market environment for the industry. Volatility was high with significant declines in the average equity markets during the quarter. Our internal index that aligns to our assets under management characteristics was down 8% on average year-over-year and 6% on average sequentially, which impact decline activity, assets under management and fees given we built through the quarter. Total assets under management and administration ended the quarter at $773 billion. Across the firm, we focused on executing our consistent strategy and managing expenses as we invest in the business and navigate these conditions. With regards to our financial results for the quarter on operating basis, revenues reflected the tougher environment and were down 4% to $2.8 billion. Earnings per share were relatively flat at $2.17 and our return on equity ex-AOCI remains very strong at 24.2%, up 110 basis points from a year ago.  Because of our ability consistently generates strong free cash flow we’re able to return to shareholders at a significant level while maintaining our excellent capital position. During the quarter, we nearly doubled the number of shares we repurchased from year ago to 5.1 million shares. In total we returned about 150% of our earnings to shareholders. And yesterday we added to a regular quarterly dividend announcing a 12% increase the ninth increase over the past seven years. Very few financial services companies are generating our level of return on equity and capital return. And core to long-term approach, our financial foundation remains in excellent shape enabling us to consistently invest in the business and return capital to shareholders in a meaningful way.  Let’s move to an overview of the business in the quarter. In Advice & Wealth management we have a strong business and a significant and growing opportunity to serve more consumers with advice. The strength of our Advice value proposition is how we help people navigate environments like this and help them to plan for the long-term means and goals. Ameriprise is well positioned to help our clients and invest this address the full spectrum of their needs across market cycles and their lifetimes.  The strength of the Ameriprise brand and our reputation is an important differentiator. We’re back on the year with our successful Be Brilliant advertising. Consumers, advisors and employee reaction remains very positive. As a result, Ameriprise brand awareness hit an all-time high in the quarter. Delivering strong client service is key to our reputation and how we run the business. I was pleased to see in our recent industry survey Ameriprise ranked fifth out of 20 full service firms to overall invest the satisfaction. In terms of client assets under management, overall client assets remained strong at $451 billion. The market volatility in the quarter continued to effect investor behavior and clients remain conservative. Cash balances remain elevated at $23 billion, and we had solid flows into fee based investment advisory where we have one of the largest platforms. I am feeling good about the strength of our field force. The Ameriprise value proposition and culture is attracted to our advisors and in the industry. We continue to maintain very good advisor satisfaction and retention and another seven-year experience advisors joined Ameriprise in the quarter and our pipeline going forward looks good.  Overall, given market pressures, advisors maintained good productivity at $510,000 on a 12-month basis. And in the current environment, comprehensive advice in our confident retirement approach resonates strongly. Our extensive consumer research confirms that advices with clients in our target market are seeking and they’re not getting it from their current financial services providers, so we’re focused on this opportunity. This also extends to young generations as many are looking to work with an advisor who will meet with them personally, reinforcing the value of the human perspective and personal interaction when saving and investing. With the volatility earlier in the quarter, we increased our market commentary and communications to the field to equip the advisors to have meaningful conservations with their clients. Overall, we are delivering good profitability with margins of 17.1% in the quarter, up 50 basis points on a sequential basis. We remain well positioned in the marketplace to take advantage of the opportunity for further growth as conditions settle.  Let`s move to annuities and protection. In terms of annuities, we have a consistent story. We continue to see good solid sales at our variable annuity products which are appropriate solutions for clients to meet their long term goals. While we are experiencing outflows that primarily reflects our closed third party book and in fixed annuities the level of outflows have slowed in recent quarters. Overall though, the book is performing as expected in this low rate environment. Annuities and their unique benefits are integrated within our confident retirement framework. I feel good about how we are managing the business, developing and enhancing our competitive products and features while managing rest.  Within protection in life and health, our UL products have been our sales leaders off late becoming a larger portion of our balance book with the UL. Claims experienced in the quarter was also within our expectations. Overall we have a good book and we are working with our advisors to serve clients' protection needs.  And in Auto and Home, we are making good progress as we enhance our pricing, underwriting and claims management. Our improved results were masked a bit in the quarter due to higher cat losses which we preannounced. In asset management, we are executing our strategy and focused on gaining market share and generating profitable net flows. Similar to our wealth management business and asset management, the market declines during the quarter challenged flows in assets under management. We ended the quarter with assets under management at $464. Investment performance remains quite strong. We have a broad portfolio of strong performing equity and fixed income products and I was pleased to see [five of our] Columbia recognized for [liquid fund awards] in 2016.  Overall, outflows were $7.5 billion in the quarter, with $5.8 billion of the outflows were in lower fee portfolios for areas we've highlighted. Fixed income IMAs at US Trust which is a continuation of our fourth quarter outflows as US Trust has taken a portion of this business back in house. [indiscernible] and other insurance portfolios in the UK and [sub] advice funds where we had ended the relationship and are merging assets into existing Columbia funds. Importantly, there is very little revenue impacted this move.  Outflows also include a single large institutional client who has again redeemed for liquidity purposes. Overall though, there are positive themes across the business. Let me start with third institutional. We continue to see good interest in a number of our strategies including high yield, we are winning mandates across our key regions of the U.S., Europe and Asia that includes in Korea where we openedan office last year. Our new business pipeline remains healthy and we expect to see the one not funded mandates come through later in the year.  In terms of retail, in the U.S. it was particularly challenging January but net sales improved in February and again in March. We made meaningful market share gains over the past year at nearly all the major place in the broker deal and the independent channels and at a time when gross sales for the industry are down.  With regards to the Acorn Fund, out flows have slowed and if industry flows pick up in the U.S., we expect to build on these positive trends.  With regard to retail closing Europe we continuing to reinforce our strong presence in the UK and serve more clients in key markets on the continent including in Germany, Italy and Spain. European retail net flows in the quarter were similar to the U.S., But they picked up nicely to end the quarter almost slightly negative. As we said before, UK and European retails sentiment can turn quickly with the markets and there has been true in recent weeks has markets have rallied. So overall we are comfortable with performance of the business, in a challenging market remained focus on providing important perspective to investors and delivering competitive performance. There are positive themes within our flow trends that are consistent with the strategy we are executing. As I look at the company overall, we have a good combination of businesses and people to continue to execute the strategy we have in place. Our diversified business generates good earnings and strong free cash flow that we reinvest in the business and return to shareholders. Our return on equity remains strong and it's one of the strongest across financial services, and I feel good about our ability to continue to navigate the market and consistently generate shareholder value.  Now let me turn to the Department of Labor's fiduciary rule that came out a few weeks ago. As America's leader in financial planning, we take our fiduciary responsibility very seriously and put our client's interest first. As you know, while the government removed some of the more onerous elements of the initial rule, but remains as a rule that is comprehensive and complex. It's hundreds of pages long and is a principal based regulation that requires very detailed analysis. Clearly, it will require a changed agenda for firms across the industry to execute it and be compliant within the timeframe provided. We will take the time necessary to understand it and get it right. It wouldn’t be prudent to try to oversimplify the rule for you today. But I know you have questions and based on what we understand today, we believe that the impacts will be manageable. We are operating from a position of strength, we have the experience and the capabilities that will allow us to adopt and comply with the new rule.  Consistent with our financial planning leadership, we are one of the largest providers of fee based investment advice and as I mentioned we already operate as a fiduciary under the very high standard of care. We also benefit from investments we have made to establish a strong compliance foundation, including our infrastructure, policies, supervision and disclosers. Underpinning all of this, our clients and advisors are highly satisfied with the experience we provide. We have a proven track record of navigating to change and we will build on that experience enhancing our processes and capabilities where necessary to effectively comply with the new DOL rule.  With regard to some products you had questions about, we are confident that our advisors will still be able to recommend the products that they do today in qualifiedaccounts including the annuities and affiliated products which are expressly committed under the rule. In short, we will continue to offer a full solutions set.  Today we apply a rigorous degree of review and due diligent to the products we offer and we have extensive disclosers in place. And while there will likely be additional disclosers and documentation required going forward, based on what we know at this time, we believe that these requirements will be manageable. And while we cannot predict client advisor behavior in response to the rule, our business model has proven to be adaptable. We can make adjustments prudently to respond to the evolving market environment.  Yes, there will be added cost that we will address through expense reengineering and other means to position the firm for continued growth and margin expansion over the long term. I should also note that during this period of disruption, we see potential opportunities. For example, the regulatory environment will likely lead to consolidation within the industry which we have already seen. Independent advisors or independent broker dealers may lack the resources or the scale to navigate the changes required and seek a strong partner like Ameriprise. The financial foundation we built allow us to remain opportunistic while also making the necessary investments to comply with the rule.  So in closing, this is a large change agenda for the industry. And at a high level given what we know, we feel very comfortable that we can effectively navigate through it and we’ll keep you apprised as we move forward. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Walter to take you through the numbers for the quarter. 
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered solid results in the quarter despite market disruptions. However, we successfully navigated these conditions and results in the quarter were overall quite good, as well as within each of the business segments. We continue to believe our stock is undervalued, which you can see by the elevated level of repurchase in the quarter.  Our capacity buyback stock remains strong, given our balance sheet fundamentals and our business mix generate strong free cash flow. We are committed to maintaining a differentiated level of capital return. Let’s turn to Slide 4. Macro conditions impacted revenue in a few ways. Our weighted equity index, the proxies put equity market movements on AUM declined 8% on average year-over-year, and 6% on average sequentially. This affected average AUM and thereby fees which we collected based upon average daily assets. Continued dislocation also muted client activity and contributed to asset management outflows. Sequential results demonstrated a similar dynamic from a market inflows perspective. The last quarter had strong asset management performance fees and CDO liquidation. Low interest rates remained a headwind for our insurance and annuity businesses and foreign exchange translations impacted asset levels and earnings. This is an industry wide trend held across financial services companies.  Let's turn to Slide 5. Ameriprise delivered stable earnings per share and continued return on equity expansion in a challenging revenue environment. This [clearly] demonstrated our ability to navigate accruesbusiness cycles using the multiple strong levers in our business model. Our business model generates significant free cash flow and our valuation allowed us to optimistically repurchase stock at this depressed level.  Additionally, we are tightly managing expenses while making the right investments to address regulatory changes and grow. We initiated an additional expense reengineering assessment in the quarter and identified good opportunities for the balance of the year. This way, if market disruptions persist, we’ll able to effectively manage our margins.  Let’s turn to segment performance, starting with AWM on Slide 6. The Advice & Wealth Management business continues to perform well, delivering solid results. Leading indicators for the business were good. We brought in 70 experienced advisors in the quarter and the advisors we’ve on boarded over the past 12 to 24 months are ramping up nicely. Our advisor retention was also strong at over 90% in both channels. Product growth was solid for this environment with 1.8 billion of wrap net inflows. Operating net revenues was 1.2 billion in the quarter, down almost 3% from last year, driven by market dislocation even after the benefit of the increase in the fed funds rate in December.  The market dislocation impacted PTI in a similar manner. Operating margin in the quarter was strong at 17.1%, up 50 basis points sequentially. Outside of significant market disruption, we expect future margin expansion to continue over time. Asset management continues to provide a solid contribution to our revenue and earnings as you will see on Slide 7.  Clearly, we face two external headwinds in the quarter [technical difficulty]. The average WEI down 8% year-over-year and 6% sequentially and second foreign exchange cancellation was unfavorable. These impacted both revenue and pretax operating earnings. Operating net revenue was down 10% to 724 million. Over 50% of the decline was related to markets and foreign exchange with the balance largely related to the cumulative impact of net outflows. Pretax operating earnings were down 22% to 149 million with over 60% of the decline related to markets and FX. We are prudently managing expenses with overall expenses down 7% and G&A down 3%. The results in the quarter were in line with our expectations in this environment. However, we began additional expense management actions in the quarter and have the capacity to further reduce expenses to support margin improvement.  Turning to annuities on Slide 8. The segment is performing in line with our expectations. Variable annuity pretax operating earnings were 100 million down from 144 million a year ago. This business was also impacted by market dislocation in the quarter both in terms of the direct impact on account values and lower asset earning rate as well as the impact on DAC and DSIC and SOP reserves. This non-cash impact was about 60% of the decline in the quarter. The underlying business is solid and the risks are well managed. Fixed annuity pretax operating earnings declined to 24 million due to the elevated lapses as the block [run off]. The earnings in the quarter also benefited from a couple of million dollar of onetime items. Given the current interest rate environment, there are limited new sales and as a result, this book is expected to gradually run off and earnings will trend down during the year. Turning to the protection segment on the next slide. Pretax operating earnings were $69 million in the quarter. Let’s focus on Life & Health first, which in line with expectation. Pretax operating earnings benefited from stable claims experience and the recapture of the reinsurance [treaty], but continues to be pressured by low interest rates. While Auto and Home was certainly impacted by elevated capital losses in the quarter, we were pleased to see early indications of improvement in the underlying loss trends and the operating results. The changes we had been making to enhance pricing, underwriting claims and operations are taking hold. New business, as moderated in targeted areas as a result of prudent rate taking and additional underwriting discipline. Let's turn to the balance sheet on Slide 10. As we have told you before, Ameriprise maintains a strong balance sheet that we will use optimistically. In the quarter, we returned 150% of operating earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. We repurchased 5.1 million shares in the quarter, almost double the number of shares repurchased a year ago. Additionally, we announced a 12% increase in our quarterly dividend $0.75 per share. Our balance sheet fundamentalsremain strong. We have more than 2 billion of excess capital and an RBS ratio of approximately 550%. Our hedging program is working well and the investment portfolios diversified. We feel good about our energy exposure and it's wasn’t a net unrealized gain position at the end of the quarter. Our strategy is consistent and we are well positioned to navigate challenging environments using the various levers to continue to deliver excellent results. With that we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from John Nadel from Piper Jaffray.
John Nadel: Jim, I think all of us on the call are probably really interested in your commentary around that department of Labor's fiduciary standard and in particular I recognize that it's very early and probably too soon to talk about quantifying cost and those sorts of things but you I think I understood your comments to say that you are confident that your advisors will be able to continue to recommend annuity as another affiliated product in the qualified accounts. Can you just go through that, is that a matter of the big exemption language being changed enough in the final version versus the original proposed language that you guys feel comfortable that that’s the way you can go?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I mean we are reviewing almost a 1,000 pages of what the rules says but from our review and interpretation variable annuities will continue to be sold as would other investment products that are proprietary or affiliated. Of course consistent with that like we do today, everything would have to be appropriately disclosed. There would be no difference in the sense of let's say if we are offering one mutual fund versus the other compensation differences or anything like that which we do today. And the big exemption does allow for it in that regard. And even if you look at annuities today, we do a very detailed review before every -- any annuity is sold whether in the qualified or the non-qualified to ensure that it meets the standard as appropriate in regard to that there are real appropriate benefits that are the right solutions for the client versus alternatives. And we will carry that in to what we do here moving forward, and maybe some other disclosers that the rule would want but having said that we feel very good about the business we are currently doing and it is permissible as we read it under the rule going forward.
John Nadel: I totally agree with that take. And what I am also interested in is you talk about the disruption that you could see throughout the industry which could result in some consolidation and I think your words were we are already think some of this. Can you expand on that a bit or we already starting to have some real dialogue whether it be with small financial advisor groups or some others around potentially joining Ameriprise as a result of this and other factors?
Jim Cracchiolo: The short answer to that is, yes. As an example I know one of the questions you have is around the cost of implementing and making these changes. And as I said and I can elaborate is that we have a tremendous level of resources and foundation built but as an example a company like ours we have about 400 people devoted to this right now. I doubt very much that a small broker dealer or even independents in general our advisors on their own are going to have the means by which they can navigate this, both from a legal, a regulatory, a compliance, a technology, a support, a serving, and education, a training, we have mobilized our field resources, the company resources, we’re going to be doing extensive training with technologies underway. So we have the ability to do this and we will and it's not just incremental cost we’re devoting and rechanneling our resources so that we redeploy to get this done appropriately. And I would just say it will squeeze others in the industry unless they have those capabilities and the means.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nigel Dally. Please go ahead -- from Morgan Stanley, apologize.
Nigel Dally: I had a question on the asset management margins. Previously you talked about adjusted margins in the high-30s clearly given the markets that wasn’t attainable in the first quarter. But given the market recovery and expense initiatives you talked about, how should we be thinking about margins looking forward?
Walter Berman: I believe its again with market saying that we should recover back up to the 38 and up range in that we were in previous quarter, again it's subject to markets and certainly we are being disciplined on our expenses. And so we believe that will definitely occur.
Nigel Dally: And then second question on the -- if UK were to exit the European Union, any impact that would have on [indiscernible] just wanted to check on that as well.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, we’re reviewing, of course we have various funds that we sell across Europe. We have the different units by which we sell them on this so there will be some conversion et cetera and there will be the establishment of course that they do separate. So it will require work on behalf of financial institutions on what that is. But we think if it did come about there’d be a time frame and we in our initial reviews think that we could very easily or more appropriately accommodate those changes.
Walter Berman: And on the financial side, obviously, we have dividend flows and other things which we are looking at putting in hedges and we’re just evaluating that right now.
Operator: We have a question from Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik Bass: First on DOL and I realized on the expenses you won’t be able to provide a specific number. But just hoping you could maybe give us a little bit sense about the incremental spend you may need and whether this is more of a 2016 or 2017 issue?
Walter Berman: Let me take a shot. In the first quarter we incurred couple of million dollars as relates to. But again that’s in the context of the original publication on the regulation, which was lot more comprehensive in the time frame so a lot more compressed. When the final rates came out, we are reassessing that and obviously that would we believe result [indiscernible] time frames and less basic change factors that we are assessing at this stage we believe are there that that number will be adjusted. But that is the process that we’re going over. And I would say at this stage and again, please take this in the light of we are still in the midst of that, the expenses will probably be spread as we look at it and probably a reasonable portion of it and again don’t know the number yet will be in the 2016 time with some spillover into ’17.
Jim Cracchiolo: I think it will continue, I would probably say that we had about 4 plus million, 4-5 million in first quarter as Walter said. And we will have incremental expenses but what we are doing is if we didn’t have the type of resources and the capabilities we have then it would be a tremendously greater amount but since we’re redeploying out of our internal resources to deal with this off of other various activities et cetera, we think we could accommodate. I mean if you look at the project itself and said you took the total it would be probably expensive. But if you look at it where we’ll add some incremental that will need in the time frame. Having said that, the redeployment would actually say the incremental would be much smaller than what would be required if we didn’t have what we have in place.
Erik Bass: And are you contemplating any product changes on your advisor platform? We’ve seen other firms announce plans either stop selling, load funds or stop selling funds with 12B-1 fees. These steps you’re considering and how do you think about the implications for both advise and wealth management and the asset management business.
Jim Cracchiolo: Right, so the way we look at it is that we sell a combination of funds and share classes today with different reasons. We’re doing two things, one is under the big and appropriately if you’re doing a transaction oriented sale of course again that’s permitted and allowed under the belt and therefore a loaded fund is still appropriate and those funds still which will be ones are appropriate. And again it's as typical that you have to evaluate because everything will be into investment advisory is not necessarily a right as appropriate even from the SEC's perspective and the bit does allow it. Second, regarding our various activities and platforms, we are actually and we have been underway for this for last year and a halfbefore this even occurred to actually build our lifetime account infrastructure and what that will allow us to do is across all the various platforms on our investment advisory that we can have one seamless way of operating and therefore we can actually as the various share classes are introduced appropriately move and migrate -- give our advisorsthe ability to use the most appropriate and for the type of investment that'sout in the market place. And so we are migrating that anyway, we think that’s an appropriate longer term and based on our ability to do that would satisfy the DOL's regulation of what they are looking for from a sea and leveling and transparency. So that’s underway and that’s a very large investment but we have that underway to begin with and it's good that we have the infrastructure that we will going to be completing in '17.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Can you remind us; do you sell any third party a notice through your advisory business?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we do.
Yaron Kinar: And so [indiscernible] notice that comes through, [indiscernible]?
Jim Cracchiolo: We don’t break it out, but it's probably in the low double digits and might that -- and it's being more ramping up as we have continued to introduce various ones that to do diligent affords etcetera.
Yaron Kinar: And would that be to both through the [indiscernible] and fix?
Jim Cracchiolo: No in the fix carrier, particular with based on the environment we are in, that’s very little in sales anyway so we haven't introduced. And if that changes overtime, we could easily do that.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then of course in another category altogether, looking at the RBC ratio, I saw quite a meaningful change were decline quarter-over-quarter. Can you maybe talk about that a little bit?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well that was actually I think more driven by the interest rates situation. And so from our standpoint as we look at in both with the hedging and everything from that standpoint, it was on that basis and we also declared a dividend out of the company in a normal course and on an ordinary dividend.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, but the ordinary dividends are one up to the whole [go back to think on]access capital also came down a bit, about $0.5 billion, right?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, it's in the rounding so I would say it's certainly less than $0.5 billion. Again if you look at the earnings, look at what we did, basically pay out, it's less but it’s the way we express it because we are trying to get to the again 2 billion approximately then 2 billion plus. So I would say it's in the rounding of it and it's probably in the 0.25 billion range.
Yaron Kinar: And I’ll sneak one last quick one and with regards to expense management, can you maybe elaborate a little bit on what the contingency plan was and whether do you plan on keeping at in place even if the markets do recover this quarter?
Jim Cracchiolo: The answer to that is, yes. And we are doing that as well as I said because not just we have the market volatility which we always plan that, you don’t know the perfect signs so whether that’s going to end or not. And second of all we have made a number of things in our reengineering that we think we could continue to move forward it as appropriate. And that actually helps free us up resources that we can deploy towards the DOL without incrementally increasing our resources where unnecessary.
Operator: We have a question from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: So back to the DOL, I understand that it's hard to size revenue exposures and as you try to think through financial advisory behavior. But just thinking through different buckets and actually I wanted to focus in the asset managing business for a second. I don’t think you guys are a big participant in class Asia classes with Columbia, but maybe help us size how much of your total [AUM] is in IRA accounts, and I guess most of that will be in Columbia.
Jim Cracchiolo: So when we look at our sales and across the business and then Walter into qualified, as we said to you before, Columbia is one of our strong providers in our channel, but as I always said to you it's low double digits in total sales across qualified, non-qualified the whole house. Within that we also [we didn’t]qualify have a very large substantial business and investment advisory and Columbia is part of that as they are in individual sales for a transaction on the brokerage side. But it's no more in qualified than it's across the house per se. And the percentage is small. So if you look at what may go on within the big side of it or the transaction side of it, you are talking about low mid-single digits. And so it's not that -- and it's no different thanother large providers in our system. And again Columbia has some excellent product with excellent performance and their fees are below average in general.  Then when you take and I'll just because the next question whether from your or somebody else will be annuities and similar so let me answer that one for you. Annuities is roughly in the qualified business of the total sales we do across the Ameriprise family here within the wealth management is only in the mid-single digits. So, if all annuities went away from -- we’re talking mid-single-digits of sales, but it's not going to occur because based on the reviews we do today and how substantial they are in preclearance we think that will continue. Now could some of it ship the next question from an upfront load to a level load, yes, and we have the ability to do that those products are there. So if the advisors as you said wanted to shift some behavior and they want to put an upfront load, they have the ability just like on the wrap do the level load. And so to our perspective we don’t think there is a substantial and even if it changes by a few percent I guess I heard from many of you over the times as why am I in the annuity business. So if it shifted away I’ll just go into investment advisory and I’ll still generate good profitability and good margins. So, we’re not concerned. We like the solution of the annuities because it fits the solution set for a confident retirement and longevity of income and that need will still be there and our advisors will still determine appropriately whether it's fixed. So whether it's Columbia product or it's annuities as an example, we think there is a critical need Columbia has excellent product, we don’t sell it differently, we don’t pay differently. So, we actually believe that and the big does allow for. So if we didn’t have what we had in place the due diligence, the disclosures, the review processes, appropriate compensation, we would probably have a different concern but we don’t in this case. But again we will adjust and if there is a migration and anything, we have different alternatives and we make those adjustments and I think from a perspective we’ll be in good shape.
Alex Blostein: And Walter one for you, just bigger picture around expenses. When we look at your guidance of G&A over the last three years, it's been managed extremely well, it's actually flat to down over the last three years. Given you are [reengineering]efforts obviously the market backdrop is a little bit toughersince certain things may accelerate, coupled with whatever it is you need to do on a compliance front with DOL, is it still possible for you to keep overall firm wide G&A in this flattish level for the next year or two?
Walter Berman: Well, again in fact we certainly as Jim indicated when we took a -- and we evaluated our expenses base relative to revenue growth and certainly looked at the areas that would again non-inhibit growth and certainly allow us to deal with the DOL announced but we do believe there is still room to manage those expenses very effectively as we go forward.
Operator: We have a question from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Another DOL question, can you talk about your view of the level fee exemption option versus the wrap platform just operated under the standard big?
Jim Cracchiolo: We are reviewing the various exemptions and the various options. And so we haven’t made a determination yet on what we will utilize for the advisory and the various programs within it. So that's under review right now but there are the various exemptions and we’ll see what’s most appropriate as we move forward.
Ryan Krueger: I suppose this is probably a related question, but can you give us any extent as to how much revenue sharing and marketing support payments that AWM collects? And I guess if you see any potential pressure there because of the new DOL rule?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, very clearly again under the rule it allows for various levels of cost reimbursement and services for [indiscernible]. And we can well support what those are and the amounts that we collect in it. And we feel that as we move forward consistent with that based on the services rendered, the price of those, et cetera, et cetera, that that will continue on. There may be some adjustments as we look at it and review it but we don’t think that would be material.
Ryan Krueger: At this point you don’t expect the materials things for the revenue sharing payments that you’re currently collecting?
Jim Cracchiolo: The payments we get are all for the cost reimbursements necessary for the services we rendered that are well support and appropriate for what we do.
Operator: We have a question from Eric Berg from RBC Capital.
Eric Berg: My questions relate to the Department of Labor. Jim a moment ago I just wanted to make sure, I understand, and have just an active understanding of the percentages of business that has gone through the Ameriprise system for Columbia that you referenced a moment ago. I think you were dividing the Columbia sales between brokerage and [indiscernible]. And I think you said what I am looking for ultimately is whether this is right or not that in the brokerage side, the transaction side of the business the percentage of sales that go to Columbia are low double-digits and that is also low double digits on the wrap side of things. Is that the right takeaway?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, because remember there is qualified and non-qualified. So qualified let's say half of the total and then within that you get a bit more into the investment advisory than you even get into the brokerage on a transaction side. And that’s continuing to shift as we continue to grow our investment advisory flow program. So I think that’s a natural shift that’s occurring anyway and we will continue to do so.
Eric Berg: I don’t know want to get to the wrong conclusion so I need to test this conclusion with you. If roughly 12% of the brokerage sales are to Columbia fund and 12% of the mutual funds going into your wrap program are Columbia funds, I am using 12% of the single point for low double digit. Should I be adding those percentages and to say that does this mean in other words that roughly 25% of the mutual funds that the advisory sells are to Columbia?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, just the opposite.
Eric Berg: Okay well, that’s why I wanted to check. So why -- when you say just the opposite, the numbers should not be added?
Jim Cracchiolo: No because if [identical] you said it was 12% overall sold in my system and let's say you then take 50% of those sales being in qualified and then you take more than 50% of those sales being sold within qualified and investment advisory then you are less than a quarter-of-quarter-of-quarter in brokerage.
Eric Berg: Okay, you are going in other words in the opposite direction. I think I get it now and I’ll work with [indiscernible] to the firm things up even more. I guess my other question relates just in general to revenue as well and once again being sensitive to the fact that it is early days and you cannot quantify revenue impacts. Do you nonetheless see the IRA rollover business, shrinking across this country and becoming just less of a big business than it has been because of the new bar that has been raised here to opening IRA rollovers?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I’ll put it this way again and we are all doing our view, but the rule does not prohibit IRA rollovers, it requires the higher level of analysis, documentation and disclosers to determine that's in the best interest of the client. And today we do something very similar, roll over are now considered part of the fiduciary revised, so formerly it's required that you do a number of things necessary to truly show what that is. And it builds upon for us what we already have in place is very strong comprehensive roll overeducation and discloser materials and we think those whatever we need to enhance to them would meet some of the things, but that review process would be necessary. We have a program in place called leave it or roll it over already which evaluates the various options for retirement plan assets. And we will then enhance those where appropriate. But I would say that the rule does not prohibit but it does make sure that your [analyze it] appropriately to make sure that that is appropriate for the client for a number of reasons. And again I think that is some of the things that we do today and will continue to do and if that enhances we will be able to accommodate.  What's that does longer term to behavior, I can't sit here as I said, I can't predict what happens longer term and why, but I would say that the client needsthe ability to determine whether they should be managing the assets differently, they should consolidate them, they should develop the various ways to get in streams of income, what does a plan does provide that to them or not, those are all things that will have to be evaluated on an individual basis.
Operator: We have a question from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet Kamath: I just want to go back to some of the expense issues on DOL, Walter did you say in the first quarter you guys incurred -- I think it was 4 million to 5 million of expenses related to DOL and if that's the right number, was that all in AWM?
Walter Berman: That was again as I am looking it of course to enterprise it, that was around $4 million, $5 million, yes.
Suneet Kamath: But it was right across the segment?
Walter Berman: Well, actually again as we look at that expense, it is a onetime expense because it affects most of the segments. So actually we are picking it up in corporate.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, and then was the guidance that that 4 million to 5 million was sort of predicated on the earlier time table and that now the things have got extended that number might come down, is that what you are suggesting?
Jim Cracchiolo: What we were doing is very clearly, we weren’t waiting till the rule came out to start the work necessary and thinking about what would be required. Since the rule came out, what it said is that the period was extended a bit and it was less onerous to some of the requirementsparticularly that you would have to do with calculations and data and all that stuff. So as we now look at it some of the incremental that we thought would even ramp up a lot more is not going to be as necessary. But the expenses we are talking about are incremental as I said internallyparticularly in AWM but in other places in the company we are the -- redeploying significant resources that is within the AWM's expense base. So even though we tightened expenses we could have probably tightened them bit more but we are now ensuring that we do that, but I would consider that more of a redeployment rather than incremental. There will be some more incremental Walter is working on what that would look like and we’ll give it to you in the second quarter. But as we said, a lot of it will be from redeploying what we do.
Eric Berg: Maybe just a broader question, because I am trying to figure out what the word manageable means, but when you think about this DOL impact and your view that it's manageable. Can we assume that the financial targets that you sort of established for the house in terms of EPS growth and ROE as well as for A&WM in terms of margin, that that sort of manageable means that those goals are still achievable?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, what I would say Suneet is this, and I wish I could give you more perfect signs, I can’t. I would say this, I know people that looked at us and said we are going to be more significantly impacted from the industry et cetera. We don’t believe that. We think that some other people will be impacted a lot or in general across the industry. So what I would just say is we will be impacted. There is no doubt about it. This will cause a level of disruption change focus on moving and migrating when necessary, changing people’s behavior a bit. But we will get that done. Now what that will probably mean is there’ll be some adjustment and whether there’ll be cost or revenue in some fashion over a number of periods, but it will work its way through. I would not say that it would be significant that’s why we say manageable, but I can’t say it won’t be anything. Along the term, we do feel that we have a good value proposition. There is a real need for our services. We will put in place the necessary things appropriately to help our advisors continue to build their businesses. And with that we will get back on track to the margins that we said we were targeting. But more important than the margins the growth of the business and from the growth of the business the margins will occur. So I can’t sit here and tell you that no we changed the strategy, we haven’t and I can’t say that we see something that would take us off of our cost longer term but I could probably say that maybe just the seamless idea that you’re going to continue to do everything in the next periods where that’s not going to translate to some change I can’t say that at all. Longer term we’ll see what happens but this is an environment that does change. But Ameriprise has the capability, we have good value proposition, good foundation and that’s the way we are going to navigate. So I am not here to give you a perfect sign, what I am telling you is we’re not falling off the cliffs. We are in good shape. We have the means. We have the ability. We have great client satisfaction. We’ve got terrific advisors that know their business well and we are already operate in a very compliant way.
Eric Berg: Maybe just the last one just trying to get a little bit more color on maybe why the market is wrong in terms of you guys being more impacted. Can you just maybe highlight one or two of the areas both on the revenue side and the expense side of where you see the biggest impacts from this?
Walter Berman: Suneet, it's Walter. We’re scratching our heads also I’ll be candid about it maybe because people think we have both sides. But certainly as Jim has said both on the annuity side and on the Columbia side, these are all numbers within ranges that are certainly not concentrated at such levels. We have demonstrated adjustment and if these products are within acceptable exemptions and things like that and they are solution driven. So we’re scratching our head also, that’s why candidly we are -- so basically purchase what we purchased in this quarter because we do believe we’re undervalued.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. We would like to thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating in today’s conference. With this, we conclude today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity – Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Jim Cracchiolo – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Walter Berman – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan Krueger – KBW Yaron Kinar – Deutsche Bank Erik Bass – Citigroup. John Nadel – Piper Jaffray Jay Gelb – Barclays. Suneet Kamath – UBS Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. My name is Hilda and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2014 annual report to shareholders and our 2014 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our earnings call. This morning, I’ll provide my perspective on the business and Walter will discuss our financials. Ameriprise, like the industry, was impacted by a more volatile market environment during second half of 2015. Overall, our fourth quarter results were solid. We are executing our strategy and have work to continue to do in certain areas that I’ll discuss. For the quarter, operating net revenues and operating earnings were largely flat with operating EPS up 7%. And for the full year, operating net revenues were up 1%, operating earnings grew 3% and operating EPS increased 9%. In terms of operating return on equity, Ameriprise continues to deliver at a differentiated level. We generated a new record return of 24.3% up a 130 basis points, which is one of the best in the industry. Ameriprise continues to demonstrate strength in our ability to return capital to shareholders, returning another $569 million in the quarter. In fact, 2015 represented the fifth consecutive year, we return more than 100% of operating earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while investing for growth and maintaining our capital strength and flexibility. Very clearly our financial foundation remains in excellent shape. In total, assets under management and administration were $777 billion as solid Ameriprise retail client flows were dampened by asset management outflows, market depreciation and an unfavorable foreign exchange impact. Let’s move to the business results in the quarter. In Advice & Wealth Management we have a strong business and I feel good about our ability to continue to help advisors build productive practices. The strength of our Advice value proposition is even more attractive in this environment. Ameriprise is well positioned to help clients and prospects in every stage of their lives and to address the full spectrum of their needs across both market cycles and their lifetimes. We’re helping advisors uptake the extension of our successful Confident Retirement approach that we launched last quarter for those who are still building their wealth. Wealth Builders, as we call them, represent more than half of our target market, consumers with $500,000 to $5 million in investable assets and they value a financial planning relationship. So this is a real opportunity for us going forward as we introduce it to our entire field force over the coming months. We continue to invest significantly in our brand and marketing programs that help our advisors spend more time with their clients and grow their practices. Our Be Brilliant advertising campaign tells our story by illustrating the everyday movements of brilliance that they can realize by working with the right advisor in the right firm. The campaign is doing well and outperforming competitive norms with all of our key audiences, consumers, clients and advisors. We’re complementing our broadcast activity with digital channels like social media and online ads to expand the Ameriprise message and increase engagement with our brand. Our advisors are taking advantage of Be Brilliant in their local communities in online to gain new clients and assets. Overall, client assets remain strong at $447 billion. We also had solid flows into fee-based investment advisory accounts and cash positions, increased to more than $23 billion. Clients are naturally taken a more conservative position, which is a typical pattern in this environment. But regard to our advisors, Ameriprise’s value proposition and culture is attractive in the industry. It was another strong quarter for recruiting as more advisors are recognized in the strength of the Ameriprise value proposition. 82 new experienced advisors moved their practices to Ameriprise. For the year, nearly 350 advisors joined Ameriprise in both the franchise and the employee channels. And so far, the pipeline for this year looks strong. Advisor practices are more productive because of the combination of excellent retention of our most productive advisors, very strong recruiting results and our investments in growth. The advisor productivity, a metric that we consistently grow, increased 4% year-over-year to $514,000 on a 12-month basis. We’re well positioned in the marketplace in generating good profitability. In this environment, we’re working closely with our advisors to handle the effects of market volatility with clients. As clients pullback, it’s important to keep them focused and engaged on their goals. People need to plan for their future and that doesn’t change based on market conditions. As we look ahead, the U.S. Department of Labor’s pending fiduciary rule will add additional requirements that will have implications for our industry as well as Ameriprise. We’re hearing the DOL will be issuing the new regulation in the coming months. With that in mind, we’re very much focused on putting together our plans and resources to effectively meet the DOL’s requirements, but we need to understand what the final rule will be and how it will impact our clients. We have the resources, compliance infrastructure and capabilities to respond to the DOL’s objectives. And we believe that our value proposition, satisfying client needs for the long-term, has been, and will continue to be very appropriate. Let’s move to Annuities and Protection. I’ll focus more on the underlying business and Walter will cover the financials. In terms of annuities, we continue to see solid sales of our variable annuities with and without living benefits in our channel. While we are in the outflows, it reflects our close third-party book and we remain focused on serving our clients. Within fixed annuities we continue to have a level of outflows given the book is in runoff as we have not been adding to it, given the current rate environment. Our focus remains on working with advisors to help clients understand the importance of guaranteed income in a well diversified plan. It’s integrated within our Confident Retirement framework and I feel good about how we’re managing the business, developing and enhancing our competitive products and features while managing risk. Within Protection, Life & Health, we closed the year with a nice increase in sales driven by UL products. And while Life claims were higher than a year ago, we recognize there will be fluctuations quarter-to-quarter and these movements are within our planned ranges. We have a good book and we’re working with our advisors to serve clients protection needs. The environment does create growth challenges for these longer-term products, but at the same time, it reinforces the importance of protecting what matters most to clients. In Auto & Home, we were disappointed with the financial results in the quarter. As you saw, we did increase reserves this quarter for higher claims experience in some of the older business. New business is performing in line with our expectations. Walter will explain that in more detail. We continue to make a number of enhancements to improve the financial performs and risk characteristics of the business. We brought in significant resources and leadership to continue to enhance our pricing, underwriting and claims management. We feel that we are making the progress necessary, but we recognize it will take time for the benefits to work through book and be fully realized. Importantly, we continue to maintain our strong client satisfaction of affinity relationships in Auto & Home. In asset management we’re generating solid financial results and executing our strategy focused on gaining market share and profitable flows. With $472 billion in assets under management, we have an at-scale business with a diversified base of assets and earnings and we are focused on serving more individual and institutional clients in key markets globally. For the quarter, operating earnings were $193 million, as revenues were largely flat and earnings were down a bit year-over-year from the timing of a few expense items and investments in the business, including supporting our new Columbia Threadneedle Investments brand in our key regions of the U.S., UK, Europe and Asia. Investment performance remains quite strong. I’d highlight U.S. and European equities, asset allocation and tax exempt fixed income as particular strengths. Our investment teams in the U.S., London and Singapore are demonstrating the importance of active management, both in terms of capital appreciation as well as preservation, given the volatility we’re experiencing. On the product front, in Europe we’re seeing good sales in our UK and European equity products. Here in the U.S. we’ve had good traction with sales in large cap equity products as well as in our strategic income fund. And within the solution space our carrier [ph] (0:10:14) strategy continues to gain interest. From an overall flows perspective, we had about $700 million of net outflows in the quarter with reinvested dividends. This did include a higher level of outflows at U.S. Trust. However, underlying flow trends are improving and I’ll take you through it. Let’s start with institutional. Total outflows were driven by about $6 billion in net outflows of former parent assets, largely driven by outflows of low fee, fixed income, common trust funds in IMA’s at U.S. Trust given the changes they have made. We mentioned this last quarter and expect continued IMA outflows of several billion dollars at U.S. Trust in the first half of 2016. In addition we and others in the industry continue to experience outflows from a large client who redeemed from strong performing strategies to address liquidity concerns. That was approximately $1.4 billion in the quarter, and we expect at least $1 billion of additional outflow in the first quarter. These two components, low-fee, former parent assets in a single large client, muted continue progress in third-party institutional flows. We have strong client and consultant relationships, a solid list of one not funded mandates and a good pipeline, which we expect will drive flows this year. Let’s now move to retail. In the U.S. we’re seeing positive trends from the work the team has done to focus our sales strategy. However, this was muted from a flows perspective given continued outflows in the Acorn Fund. The fund short-term performance has improved from the changes we’ve made, including adding an experienced lead PM, who came onboard at year end. We expect outflows will continue to near-term as the team reestablishes the funds longer-term track record. In addition, in the quarter we made the decision to end the subadvisory relationship with Marsico Capital Management, given the strength of our global investment capabilities. This resulted in a few hundred million of outflows in the fourth quarter. We plan to ask shareholders to support our plans to merge certain funds in 2016. In addition, we expect outflows of about $700 million in Marsico managed institutional SMA’s in the first quarter. Based upon the previous servicing relationship with them, these outflows will have no financial impact. Overall, we’ve been able to grow gross sales and market share in the larger broker dealer and independent channel in the past year at a time when gross sales declined for the industry. This bodes well as industry sales may pick up down the line. We recognize we need to do more to increase both gross and net sales in U.S. retail, but I feel good about the business, the team in place and our strategy. We’re seeing early results. With regard to European retail, we continue to build on our strong presence in the UK and serve more clients in key markets on the continent. At $1.4 billion in the quarter, European retail flows bounced back strongly from a tough third quarter. The market environment so far this year is clearly challenging, but we’re focused on what we can control. We’re generating strong performance for clients. We have a good product line and distribution. I feel good about the team in place, the moves we are making and the traction we have in key initiatives and asset management. Overall, the company is performing well and our core businesses are strong. Ameriprise delivered solid earnings in a more difficult environment. Higher market volatility and declines have clearly shaped the start of 2016. We’ve managed through difficult market cycles before and we’re very much focused on executing our strategy, connecting with clients and advisors and driving results. Ameriprise has the ability and long-term perspective to continue to invest as we navigate the environment, capture our opportunities and generate shareholder value. We have a strong track record of returning capital to shareholders and intent to continue to return to shareholders as we have as well as maintain our excellent financial foundation. We’re focused on keeping the company strong as we look for further growth opportunities. With that I’d like to hand things over to Walter to review the numbers.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. I’d like to build on what Jim shared with you, as we review the financial results. As context, markets were volatile and on a downward trend in the second half of 2015, which impacted revenues for our growth businesses. However, the results we delivered in the quarter were strong. The one exception is Auto & Home business where we were disappointed with the results, which I’ll cover in more detail when I review the segments. We remained opportunistic in repurchasing our stock at an elevated level in the quarter given the pull back in the valuation and still believe our stock is undervalued. Our capacity to buyback stock remains strong given our balance sheet fundamentals and the business mix generates strong free cash. We are committed to maintaining a differentiated level of capital return. Let’s turn to Slide 4. Macro conditions impact revenue in a few ways. We had limited equity appreciation which impacted asset under management. Volatility also suppress client activity and contributed to asset management outflows. Low interest rates remained a headwind for our insurance and annuity businesses and foreign exchange translation impacted asset levels and earnings. These impacts were felt across all financial services companies and we are not unique in this regard. As you can see total revenue growth was not at the level we had seen in the past. All the markets and lower interest rates which decreased AUM and client activity, slowed. This muted the impact of areas where we successfully built the wealth management business through increased wrap flows, growth in insurance and annuity sales and building cash sweep levels as clients wait for a less volatile environment to make investment decisions. Let’s turn to Slide 5. Ameriprise delivered solid growth in EPS and return on equity, demonstrating the multiple leverage we have to manage the business and variety of market environments. Specifically, we managed G&A expenses, investing for growth in targeted areas but remaining disciplined. This combined with solid tax planning and share repurchase, supported good 7% EPS growth. The operating effective tax rate was 20.1% in the quarter, which is lower than we had anticipated driven by the level of dividends received deduction coming in harder than we expected. Turning to segment performance, starting with AWM on Slide 6. The Advice & Wealth Management business continues to perform well, delivering solid financial results. Operating net revenue was $1.3 billion in the quarter, up 1% from last year. Our revenue growth slowed due to the impact of market levels of volatility and didn’t experience the typical lift we have seen from markets. Wrap net flows were quite good at $2.1 billion, despite the deterioration in the markets and flat client activity levels. Total expenses increased 2% year-over-year, driven by higher distribution expense. G&A expenses in the quarter were flat year-over-year and also flat for the full year 2015 versus full year 2014. On a sequential basis, we had a normal uptick in G&A related to elevated advertising spend and other timing related items in the quarter. This resulted in earnings of $210 million and a strong margin of 16.6%. Margin for the full year was up to 17.1% from 16.5% in the prior year. Results were achieved with little benefit of increasing short interest rates. We had $23.5 billion of brokerage cash balances. We anticipate a more material benefit in the first quarter from this fed rate hike, with a majority of the first 25 basis point increase flowing to the bottom line. Asset management continues to provide a solid contribution to our revenue and earnings, as you’ll see on Slide 7. Operating net revenue is essentially flat at $833 million, reflecting marginal growth in equity markets and the cumulative impact of net outflows, partially offset by strong CLO benefits and the performance fees in the quarter. Expenses were up due to elevated performance fee compensation, as well as the timing of certain project related cost. We remain committed to delivering strong profitability by tightly managing expenses. Pretax operating earnings were $193 million, down 3% from last year. Again, this reflects the impact of marks and outflows, partially offset by elevated performance fees. Turning to annuities on Slide 8, the segment is performing in line with our expectations. Variable annuity pretax earnings increased $6 million from a year ago to $129 million. We are maintaining good profitability in this book. Fixed annuity pretax earnings declined to $23 million due to elevated lapses as the block runs off as it comes out of the surrender charge period. Given the current interest rate environment, there are limited new sales and as a result, this book is expected to gradually run off and earnings will trend down. Turning to the protection segment on the next slide. Pretax operating earnings were $35 million in the quarter. Let’s focus on Life & Health first. Pretax operating earnings benefited from $28 million from an assumption change related to our waiver reserve. Underlying earnings were pressured by elevated life and long-term care claims which were at the higher end of our expectations, as well as continued low interest rates in the mix-shift from VUL to iUL. Moving to Auto & Home, we were disappointed with the results in the quarter. We built reserves by $57 million, primarily in the auto book from the 2014 and prior accident years. Driving this was elevated frequency and severity experience for auto injury claims, which is in line with the trends the industry has experienced. Additionally, we did not see the level of impact in improving the outcome of 2014 and prior accident year existing claims as much as we’d previously expected. We’ve been focused on operational improvements this year, including our pricing to risk. We have begun rate actions on almost 95% of the Auto base and approximately 80% of the Home, which will take time to be seen in the financial results. These actions have been effective in slowing sales across product lines and performance for 2015 accident year is in line for our expectations. While results in the quarter did not meet our expectations, we are aggressively pursuing additional business improvements, anticipate better profitability in 2016. Let’s turn to the balance sheet on Slide 10. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. Our excess capital is approximately $2.5 billion with an RBC ratio of approximately 640%. Our hedging program has been quite effective and the investment portfolio remains strong and I will get into our energy exposure momentarily. We continue to return over a 100% of operating earnings to shareholders with $569 million distributed through dividends and share repurchase in the quarter. For the year, we returned $2.1 billion to shareholders, which was a 125% of operating. Looking into 2016, we plan to return 90% to 100% of earnings to shareholders as a baseline. But we will be optimistic based on valuation. There has been a lot of interest in the energy sector given our oil prices. So I’d like to take a few minutes to give you more detail on our portfolio. As you’ll see on Slide 11, we have approximately $3.3 billion of energy sector exposure. The duration is short on these energy holdings with over 35% maturing in less than three years. We feel quite comfortable with our holdings for the following reasons. We have a consistent rigorous research process behind our investment decisions. As we analyze investment opportunities, we consider low commodity prices when we analyze, stress test and purchase energy company volumes. Our analysis focuses on key variable such as a company’s core structure, balance sheet health, flexibility of CapEx budget, asset coverage, and our assessment of management quality and behaviors. Approximately $1.2 billion of our energy exposure is to pipelines, which are essentially the infrastructure to move oil, oil products and natural gas from the producer to the end users. The vast majority of our exposure is with a handful of the largest U.S. pipeline operators. These pipeline operators are highly regulated and receive most of their revenues from contracts where the customers pay a reservation charge regardless of the quantity and price of product being moved. In many cases, these pipeline assets originate at the wellhead, making this pipeline infrastructure essential to the producers. Additionally, contract terms with producers and customers are generally multi-year in duration. The rest of our energy exposure focuses on large diversified North American-based companies. While we anticipate that some investment grade holdings maybe downgraded to high-yield by the rating industries. We do believe that these companies have the financial flexibility to weather this extreme pricing environment. We have already seen these management teams taking aggressive actions that we would expect of them. Reducing their cost structures, cutting capital expenditures related to future production growth, reducing or eliminating dividends, undertaking asset sales and even issuing equity, all with an eye towards living within cash flow as these distressed commodity prices continue. So far we have only two downgrades from investment grade to high-yield in the energy space. The last thing I’ll mention is that the team we have in place today is the same team that managed our portfolio well during the global financial crisis. In fact, approximately 30% of our overall energy exposure was purchased in 2008 and 2009 when commodity and bond prices were last near these levels. Overall, I feel very good about our financial performance in the quarter and in the year. We delivered solid earnings growth in the face of challenging market conditions. 2016 is off to a difficult start with continued market deterioration and volatility, which will pressure results if it persists. However, we have managed through challenging environments in the past and we have the levers to do so this year. We have an excellent track record returning capital to shareholders in a meaningful way and will continue to do so opportunistically. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks good morning. First question is can you give us a rough sense of the fee rate differential between the former parent related outflow that you’ve referenced at the low fee and new sales at this point?
Walter Berman: If you’re looking for the differential from the – the differential that we had on from a basis point on fee that’s what you’re talking about?
Ryan Krueger: Yeah, or even distressed roughly…
Walter Berman: Okay roughly approximately again for the inflows and outflows again looking at that as we talk about the low base point it was about nine point differential between the inflows were about nine points higher than the outflows. And obviously the U.S. Trust element was substantially lower than – at the lower end of flow basis points revenue.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, got it, that’s helpful. And then secondly have you seen any improvement in the M&A environment given lower property valuation in the asset management sector?
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say that there seems to be a bit more activity going on I think the stuff that was out there a little over the course of this year was still at a bit more elevated price but I would probably see if we continue in this environment that things would probably either come forth more or be in a better valuation basis.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And then just last quickly. Do you have a tax rate expectation for 2016?
Walter Berman: Yes. Right now we – it should in the range of 24% to 26%.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: We have question from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning everybody. So I realize, we ended the year with a pretty challenging environment with deteriorating and volatile markets, but it seems like this is continuing this year. Can you give us any sense of how the first month of the year is looking for you?
Jim Cracchiolo: What I would probably say is, with the increase volatility at the beginning of the year we’ll probably going to see client activity slow a bit, as people sort of get to a better perspective of where the markets are balancing out to put more money to work. I think, as you saw in the fourth quarter even though we had good client inflows, we did build cash balances, usually what you find is, you begin the year those cash balances will go to work a lot quicker in the first quarter. We’re probably seeing and being held more now until the volatility sort of calms down, there’s a little more direction to the markets.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then, if we turn to the Auto & Home business. I understand it was a little disappointing on year end as well. Do you still expect it to be profitable in 2016 as you had indicated earlier?
Walter Berman: Certainly from the standpoint, the action we’ve taken in and certainly looking at the 2014, we – our expectations are that it should, but it’s going to be at the real low-end of that profitability.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And I guess, I am surprised a little bit to see the continued – the continued prior-year reserve developments and now I guess going back to 2014 as well. I haven’t really seen that coming from other auto players in the industry. And I’m just curious what is it that, that really makes this business so difficult to get the reserves right for, particularly in Ameriprise’s case?
Walter Berman: Well, okay. Let me try to answer it. Again, I can only take you through what we see in the industry statistics and other things like. But when you’re looking as long date as you look at BI under-insured and fiscal damage, what you’re seeing there is, we had claims on the books looking at this and this is typical I think for the industry and as I go through their aging cycle, the environment has become a lot more litigious and I think that’s not just exclusively for us, I think that is an overall situation. And the – basically assessing as we looked it, we added the staff and certainly started looking at the claims performance and aspects, it realized and this was more and more our case reserves were we need to be bolstered as it relates to the 2014 and prior. And again if you look at up to 2014 you are looking at probably more severity and in 2014 combination of severity and frequency. So we therefore how do we increase our case reserves to do that we are now believe certainly assessing the situation that we have – we’re more confident that these reserves will be adequate and certainly that the amount of staff. But I think, the reason why I don’t see some of it even though – again we talk about claims on liability have deteriorated I think there are other firms probably have high reserve capabilities basically or whether that situation and we did not as we were building. Last year when we built reserves we would built in more – we went into 2014 we were caught that what we reserving in that year as we indicated was – when we assessed it at the end of day it was not adequate and that’s were the majority of that money went. We’ve seen for every deterioration like I said in BI and UAM and UM.
Yaron Kinar: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We have a question from Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. I just had a couple questions about Advice & Wealth Management expenses. First, how much of your G&A expenses variable cost? So if you do see revenue pressure from market conditions, how should we think about the impact on margins?
Walter Berman: Again, as you look the – as a rough rule of thumb, again, it’s three category fixed – semi-variable and variable, I would say variable in that case would be about its third and again from that standpoint and certainly we’ve demonstrated in the past our ability to approximately assessed the situation see what expenditures provide this sort of return and we do so, we have flexibility.
Erik Bass: Got it. And can you help us think about the level of expenses you may need to incurred to comply with the DOL rules and as this something you maybe able to offset to reengineering or should we expect some net impact in 2016 once kind of the final rules are out?
Walter Berman: No right now we are assessing obviously from the standpoint the rules have not been distributed but certainly we realized that if we reread it – depending on, there will be development expense and there will be some on going operational expense. We hope to then certainly we’ve been in a plan for mode, at this stage trying to be proactive. But again, not having the full elements of that is difficult to put a number on. But it will – we will then look to what reengineering and basically repositioning we would have to do. And I think that is something as this comes out, we’ll be more direct about it. And again, it’s something that we are focusing on and be part of the development, I don’t know if Jim wants…
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I think what I would say right now is we do – we have mobilized our resources. We’re looking at all aspects from the compliance to the technology, to training necessary for the advisor force. And we will go into the deployment of that as soon as we know exactly what the rule looks like. We’re doing some work already to prep for that and get a various activities under way that we think based on some of the directions that we are in the previous proposal, and that’s already in the functional requirements and stuff from a tech perspective. Depending on how significant that is and what the changes we think we do have the capabilities to accommodate that or adjust for it. There will be impacts and expense from it, we will offset some of that based on what we will tighten the range, and for some other things we might have underway as this takes a priority. So there will be some offset there. Having said that, I couldn’t tell you, in the short-term depending on how aggressive the timetable for implementation is, what we would have to do to heavy up on some of the resourcing necessary, but as I said I think Ameriprise will be one of the companies that would have the ability to deal with this more effectively. We do have the resource capability and can move things around to try to accommodate that. And we will set up so that in the end hopefully we will be a place that would be a better able to serve.
Erik Bass: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from Piper Jaffray.
John Nadel: Good morning, everybody. First question is, related to Advice & Wealth Management, I’m curious, Jim, market volatility and maybe client activity slowing certainly make some sense. And it’s sort of a continuation from what we saw in the third quarter. I’m just curious whether you’re seeing, or you believe you’re seeing, any impact just yet in the results from the proposal – from the DOL proposal or are advisors already starting to adjust?
Jim Cracchiolo: No. I would say as advisors are as curious as you all are, to what exactly this will mean et cetera. And we’re starting to give them a little better sense and communication on that. What I would just say is I think what you’re seeing more near-term is more of the volatility picked up in the market. And you have some – in our case, we run a lot of assets in the Management fee-based business and so you have that depreciation at the end of the third quarter. But as you saw, we still got $2 billion into our outflows, our cash balances increased by a few billion. So I think at the end of the day, activities still going on. I think people are just like you and I probably looking and saying is there another leg down, what is it? What’s the level of volatility? I think on the other side, we are not seeing wholesale changes to client activity or people pulling money or anything like that, but I think people are more stayed in tune. There’s still money going to work and some people are using this as an opportunity. But I think at the end of day, I think the increased volatility always gives people a little pause.
John Nadel: And then related to that Jim, most of – I think at this point most of your competitors who have some sort of an advice base business have really tried to quantify at least provide some sensitivity around where they might expect to see some of the impacts from the DOL proposal. Assuming it goes through as it’s currently written in it and it seems more, more likely that there won’t be any significant changes to it. I’m just wondering now – many months to evaluate the proposal whether you can help us with some sensitivities on where you might see some impacts on your revenues and margins?
Jim Cracchiolo: What I would say is this – I think one of the things people have identified is the idea that if they’re unable to sell rates et cetera or some of the type of broker transactions into the qualified accounts and what would that do to revenue. I would just say over the course of this year based on changes in regulations and other things and where the market was, our advisors pulled back from that. So I think that pullback from that’s going to be less significant because it was already occurred in on numbers in 2015 in a large way, because you know there are a level of changes happening there already. I think in regard to the business overall it really depends on where the DOL comes out with their best interest contract exemption. And if they truly are giving you the ability to do commission-based business within that and to satisfy your obligations there, that’s one method. If they’re saying, no, we don’t like that and we want to move more to fee-based. Yes, we can accommodate that as well. We’re trying to figure out which way that – as far as the actual final rule. You would imagine that there’s going to be some increase in compliance and cost disclosure and various things like that, but over time, we will get everything adjusted for it. It’s hard to really say, we probably see some adjustments that would happen in the idea of the commission type business for these accounts. We do see that – a lot of our annuity business. I know that was one of the things that people mentioned, but a lot of our annuity business today very, very little almost none of it is done without the extra debt benefits or living guarantees or something that. Again, the administration has said that’s still important. So we are still under the impression that under the best interest contract you can still actually do those things as long as you satisfy the requirements of the value provided and what that is and how you disclose it, et cetera. So that’s why I’m saying it’s kind of hard to give you an adjustment. But we have all the what if’s depending on where we go, what we’re planning on doing is as soon as we get that information, we’ll come out in a more informed way and let you know what that is. We already know that there are a number of offsets that we can do by adjusting things, including what fees we charge and don’t charge and where we do it. On the other side of it, it’s hard to tell exactly what is permissible at this point. I hope that – I wish – but I don’t want to get ahead of my skis on this.
John Nadel: No, I understand. And if I can just ask one more question on the asset management side. Just curious whether you could help us with what the underlying either the fee rate or the operating margin, what that looked like in the segment in the quarter if you adjusted out the performance fees in the CLO again?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. Yes, on that basis it would be pretty similar to what you’ve seen before in the 53% range.
John Nadel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Thanks and good morning. On the capital management perspective, I know you’re sticking with your baseline of around 100% return of capital in terms of dividends and buybacks, it is 125% last year, given the drop in the share price, which I think is largely due to macro conditions. Is there a hard stop in terms of what percentage of annual earnings the company would return to shareholders buybacks and dividends?
Jim Cracchiolo: I don’t believe we have a hard stop, we certainly evaluated and look to see our assessment of the shares on the value in the environment and we certainly understand the fundamentals of the business. So we have the capacity and capability. So there is no hard stop on it, but as we’ve seen in different years we moved to 120% 125%. So we will assess that based upon the circumstances of the – how we feel about the environment and obviously the excess position that we have. But we do believe the shares are undervalued right now and opportunistically we will certainly assess that and what like we did in the last quarter and certainly with the price being down, certainly you have more bang for your buck with the money being spent.
Jay Gelb: Okay. My next question is on Advice & Wealth. The margin in the fourth quarter did not increase for the first time for any quarter, I think over three years. I’m just wondering what that means on an ongoing basis? Do you feel in this environment especially given what’s happened in the first quarter with equity markets that there’s any chance of margin improving versus the 17.1% in 2015.
Jim Cracchiolo: What I would say is this, if you look at the fourth quarter, actually the fourth quarter margin is pretty good. I mean our overall revenue stayed, it didn’t go down or anything like that. But we had an impact because the lower markets at the end of the third quarter and as our wrap fee business builds at the beginning of that quarter – through the quarter. You sure of that it would be impacted because assets are depreciated by – it was 8% or 10% whatever it was from the beginning at the end of the third quarter. So did have some impact in the revenue based on the billings for low – from the depreciation that occurred. The transaction activity was pretty much consistent with previous quarters it didn’t necessarily go down in the fourth quarter. We usually see a little more activity that happening at the end of the year, the way our expenses sort of a crew particularly as we do our advertising because that’s really a fall campaign as an example advertising expenses picked up in the quarter but that’s consistent with the prior year and the year before that et cetera. So expenses always go up a little in the quarter. On a full-year basis, we’re still only relatively flat in G&A and year-over-year in G&A is consistent because of the quarterly accruals. So I would just say what happens is you always have that little extra expense coming in the fourth quarter because our advertising campaign, there was an extra payroll week et cetera, pay period and things like that, but we didn’t increase expenses at all. And what happened was we didn’t get the lift of revenue needed from all the wrap balances coming in previous quarters, because the market depreciated. So that’s why the margin compressed. Now going forward, I think if you’d say, the markets up 10% from where we were in the equity, it’s going to impact our fees, I mean we run a very large fee-based business. So I would say margins were compressive, the markets don’t bounce back only because that’s going to take a chunk out of your revenue. Now we’ll adjust and think about expenses, but again you can only adjust expenses going out not necessary for what’s there today.
Jay Gelb: Yes, that makes sense. Jim, for the overall company…
Jim Cracchiolo: On the other side, interest maybe a little more of a benefit, because the short rate was up 25 basis points. So that will help us in the first quarter. I don’t know the actual numbers one versus the other depends on where the markets are.
Jay Gelb: Right. Jim, for the overall company in 2016 included there’s a benefit on EPS from the share buyback, but directionally would it be pretty reasonable to expect kind of a flat EPS in 2016 given pressures especially from equity markets?
Jim Cracchiolo: I haven’t done the calculations in my head yet, because I’m trying to figure out the markets but I let Walter to go over that.
Walter Berman: I think, listen the markets as Jim said, are certainly effect us. And the thing that we then have to assess is the impact it has on the client behavioral aspects and then the actions that we think are prudent to sustained growth and everything’s in that and how you adjusted. So there’s a lot of elements there but it certainly a challenging…
Jim Cracchiolo: About buyback and the EPS…
Walter Berman: But the buyback, again, you will have an impact on it, but again is it going to be able to negate, I can’t say at that stage as we assess the – those other variables.
Jay Gelb: All right. Thank you for the insight.
Operator: We have a question from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet Kamath: Hi, good morning. Just I wanted to go back to Auto & Home for a second. Is there anything structural about that business, whether the distribution relationship you have with Costco or anything like that that would preclude your ability to either exit it or use reinsurance to free capital?
Walter Berman: From the standpoint of exiting free capital, there is no restrictions from that standpoint. And the other thing I would say, Suneet, the basic business fundamentals of this, and certainly looking at it – we’ve looked at it, and we’ve had outside consultants look at it, the basic fundamentals is quite solid. But in the contractual elements, I think we can certainly manage the balance sheet.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, but Suneet, I mean, we do run a direct affinity business, and our partnerships are very critical to that business. And so very important is this is why our business is something we want to get back to a really good state. And we want to then ensure that we’re continuing to deliver. And we are and have been, and that really has reinforced the idea of our growth over the last number of years. Now with that as I said, the most appropriate for us, for a shareholders, from a relationship, from a partnership and the longevity of the business is to get this back to a good strong state. And then that gives us a lot more ability to think of and how to continue to force the good partnerships or good arrangements for the future.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. But I guess we’re looking at a difficult 2015, very low profitability in 2016. It doesn’t sound like there’s anything structural that would prevent you from exiting. We’ve run the math that suggests if you free capital from it, it would be more EPS accretive than turning it around. And that was when the stock price was, I think, I don’t know, $105 and now we’re looking at $20 lower than that. So why is that math wrong?
Walter Berman: I can’t – our math and when we look at it, it is – we – as Jim has said the business, we believe is fundamentally a sound business. We believe it’s in the best interest from the shareholder perspective to take the approach that we are. And so I know certainly it’s taking this reserve increase certainly is impactful. We do believe the structural elements moving forward for us are good as we talked about them. And we do – we have a view that from a shareholder basis, fixing it and assessing is the best approach. You know it takes time to get these price increases, these price to risk elements adjusted through, and we certainly focus on the infrastructure, the investment we’ve made in people and capabilities will pay dividends for us. And relationships are unique and very valuable and certainly provide the capability to have good returns forward. And we certainly are trying to fix – we think we have addressed the old, now we are moving forward and putting in place, but it does take time to get there. And we did miss on the basis of how much impact we could have with the 2014 prior. That’s our view of it.
Jim Cracchiolo: And Suneet, we do evaluate we’re not looking and we do evaluate all various options and ability. I would just tell you that based on everything would including other people looking et cetera that this is the way to create the best shareholder value and to maintain the strength of that business for the future for whatever it may come than what we’re doing right now. So I know looking at it from just a mechanic and what you think, but I would probably say being a bit more in understanding it. Now that’s where we come out and we will get this back to where it’s in good shape and in some way creating a future shareholder value of greater means.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. I guess we will revisit that. Then in terms of the excess capital and the buyback, maybe to follow up on Jay Gelb’s question, it just seems to me that you have – there’s $2.5 billion of excess capital. It’s a pretty sizable component of your total equity. Market doesn’t seem to giving you any credit for that excess capital. So I know you want to be opportunistic but can you flush out a little bit more, just maybe the pace of buyback just so we get a sense of how aggressive you’re thinking about being?
Walter Berman: Again, I think we’ve been – as we look to 2015 certainly looked at the latter half of 2015, we certainly accelerated the base and certainly from the dollar standpoint and certainly in the number of shares, as the elements there. So we do believe – as we assess that sort of positioning is the right one to continue with. But we look at it each quarter and assess the impact. So I think it’s a good gauge maybe – from our standpoint being optimistic about it that what we did in the latter half of the year is something that is a barometer to start that we would continue with where the price is. And but again, we get into assessing the excess, the environment, we feel very comfortable about that. So I think it’s a pretty good barometer if you use the latter half of the year.
Suneet Kamath: All right. So filled in 425 for quarter and maybe there’s some opportunistic upside to that?
Walter Berman: It seems like that’s latter half of the year.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We have our question from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. So first just a follow-up on that last question, can you talk about priorities right now? Obviously you’re – you’ve upsized the buyback a little bit in the latter half of the year. But I know you’ve also discussed contemplating M&A. Can you talk about, just given where your stock is, whether M&A opportunities are still on the table? Or is your money to better put to work just through buybacks right now? That’s my first question.
Jim Cracchiolo: No. M&A is definitely on the table and if we see things that come along that are appropriate for us, we have the means to do it. I think having the capital position, we do have gives us the flexibility. We won’t have to go out and leverage ourselves to do something bigger. We wouldn’t have to go raise equity in a difficult market, which doesn’t make a lot of sense. And over time, we also can return back in a more, what I would call stronger way, so that you always have something there in addition to whether you’re in a weak market requirement to buy back more. So that’s the way we thought about it. I mean, I remember before the financial crisis a number of investors asked us to, and analyst why aren’t we returning more? Why don’t we go out in the risk curve? Why don’t we get more higher-yielding instruments et cetera, et cetera? And I think they thanked me afterward in a sense that we kept the company on a consistent path, we did appropriately having the flexibility in the means to navigate and we did have the opportunity than to do a bigger deal even though we had to do, because it was a little bigger deal because the environment was still unsettled. We actually just did some equity at the same time. So I would just say Ameriprise is very well situated. And if this market gets even more difficult, I think we’re actually one of the stronger players to actually be able to capitalize on it. If it doesn’t, we’ll be able to continue to buy back our stock at good numbers and still be able to keep the company strong not knowing what the next step for the turn of the environment or an M&A comes along. So I actually think were situated well and this is actually kind of a good environment for Ameriprise in that sense.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And, Walter, just a question on Advice & Wealth margin. So, and I realize you may not have the precise answer this time but I just want to know if you can answer this directionally. A little better than 16.5% margins in Advice & Wealth in 4Q was lower than where it’s been trending lately. But if I consider the benefit you’re going to get from higher short-term rates, plus the seasonal expense reduction that you typically get from 4Q to 1Q, and then I consider the offset of the weaker revenues, assuming we don’t change a lot from current market levels, would you still expect margins to be lower than the 4Q level? Or I should just ask it this way, would you expect margins to come in below the level of 4Q or can you give us a sense directionally?
Walter Berman: Directionally, certainly as Jim has indicated, the market reduction and the deterioration impacts it, but again you’re talking about margin. So the question is really getting to base profitability and then of course remember revenues going to be moving and also profitability and the actions we then take. I think the elements – the moving parts of the market both interest and with equity certainly compounds a little, but then the actions we will be taking as we look at that in the interest lift. Underlying direction of the business is solid, so I think and then – but the question is client behavior, so it is a difficult question. The fundamentals are there, but we do get impacted by these variables that we just can’t control. That’s the non-controllable side then we get to the action that we take to manage the business. So margins are tough one because you got moving – a lot of moving parts on it, but profitability certainly will be impacted by the drop in the equity marks offset by the interest lift. And then it’s a matter of how it affects the client activity both from the level and then the shifting, right. So that’s why it’s a tough one, really is. But the fundamentals where we’re going is solid certainly from that standpoint. As Jim has said, we’re attracting advisors, we’re certainly feel comfortable about the fundamentals of business. And so there’s no change from that standpoint.
Tom Gallagher: Got you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, please. I’m sorry…
Tom Gallagher: Just one last follow-up, if I could, on the asset management business. The spike in the U.S. Trust net outflows, can you comment a bit about the pool of assets that remain that you believe are at risk, the level of outflows that you expect going forward? I presume we are going to keep getting leakage. But this one was obviously kind of a jumbo redemption quarter on that end. But can you give a little color in terms of where you see that trending?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So let me just say a few things on that, and I know that was a bit of a sizable number. And as you saw it, it came out of the institutional section. So this is very, very low-fee type of assets. We were doing the business, it was part of an in-house operation et cetera that we had as part of Columbia, we were supporting the U.S. Trust business. And it’s unfortunate that they are taking it back in-house actually to manage it and it’s all fixed income assets. Having said that, even though we don’t like to lose it, it’s a very different on a fee basis than the business that we are riding and continue to do. I think, so it will be another few billion we understand, we don’t know exactly. I mean, we’re not sitting here and saying, we taking these accounts and different clients et cetera, but we can say, it could be another few billion. Having said that, I will be very clear, our stronger business with U.S. Trust is a funds business, and an equity products and all those various things, and those continue on. It would be nice if I was able to just – not just report flows, as the flown number in total, but again, this is part of when you do deal that has a proprietary business and you’ve taken it over. You are going to have some of those things. We still have our Zurich and we still have a good account, good relationship, good overall fee basis. So what I would say in looking through this, and I’ll just give you some numbers. And as you know the fourth quarter wasn’t a great quarter for the industry and outflows because of what’s happening. But I would say if you take out the U.S. Trust particularly around this, and the normal Zurich that was $6.6 billion of our outflow, okay. And even though we don’t like that per se, it was the lower fee end of the spectrum there in that regard. If you then look at all of retail, retail would’ve only been out $1.6 billion. This is before reinvested dividends, and all of that was the Acorn Fund. So if we can continue to improve that performance et cetera in this study, we’re actually moved to almost a net neutral on our retail. And we’re making some good progress in growing in the core retail channels and Europe is continues to be good for us. Then you look at institutional, and here again, you take out the U.S. Trust, which was buried in there and at the end of the day, what you really have is on net $1 billion out. And that’s in a tough market where institutions aren’t necessarily funding at this point in time. And that $1 billion funding, 1/4 of it was one client, and that client has taken a lot more out of the industry. So as I’m looking at this and it’s hard to see based on you’re seeing the total number. We’re actually are making some underlying progress. The industry in total last year in active funds have been out $200 billion of numbers. And so we’re starting to gain traction in the areas that are important for us, that are higher fee, more consistent where our good investment product is et cetera. But it is a tough environment. So the U.S. Trust, listen, we love that relationship et cetera. But they’re going to make the adjustments as they need to. And right now, some of this lower fee stuff is going away. But we still have a very good relationship with very good product in there, with some of the stronger activity and the types of areas we want it. And Zurich will be Zurich, but it’s a great ongoing account for us. But it’s going to be an outflow because part of that book is pretty closed. So I don’t know how to describe it any different for you, what I’m trying to say and more importantly is, we’re focused on those things that we would really grow. We got a good diversified business. And as the environment continues, where money gets put back to work I think will be in even better stead than we were going into 2015, that we are coming out of 2015.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our last question comes from Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg: Thanks so much for working in here at the end. Jim, my questions really involve asking you to build on some of your earlier responses. First, with respect to the margin in the brokerage business and the Advice & Wealth Management. I thought, I heard you say that activity levels, while depressed from where they were at their peak, were roughly in line – did not change much from the activity levels in the September quarter. So my question is, is activity levels were in fact unchanged, if expenses were well controlled and if the stock market – I’m looking at the average level of the S&P and I believe I have it right, when I say that it was actually up modestly compared to the average in 2014 fourth quarter – if the stock – if you got a little bit of a lift from the stock market, good expense control and stable client activity, why did that combination not lead to a further improvement in profit margins?
Jim Cracchiolo: So, Eric I think what it is, is what we’ve said is if you look at the numbers in the fourth quarter, I mean revenue quarter-to-quarter was actually relatively the same little slightly up.
Eric Berg: Yes.
Jim Cracchiolo: There are two things one is, the revenue would have been higher, if at the end of the third quarter the markets that didn’t pullback. You remember the markets went into 1,800 in August, September. And so what happened is you have all your wrap assets under management that you bill fees starting in October, beginning of October through the quarter. And so, some of those fees being billed were at lower absolute production because the fee level was based on the assets level and that just climb back towards the quarter to the end of the quarter. So you don’t just build at the end of the quarter. So that’s was really what took out some of the production that happens on the asset side of the equation, right? And so that’s part. The second part of it very clearly is and we’ve had it in the fourth quarter is we do have some other G&A expense even though we managed the G&A expense flat over the year, when we put our advertising campaigns, we usually go on the air at the end of September with the bulk of that being October and November beginning of December. And so, we accrue for that expense when we are actually on the air and that’s millions of dollars to run that campaign, which is not in the third and second quarter. Now over the course of the year, since we didn’t increase our advertising year-over-year, it’s the same fourth quarter to fourth quarter, if you look at the expenses and the supplemental you’ll see that expenses did not go up and for the full year were pretty flat on G&A.
Walter Berman: Eric, it’s Walter. So let me just – one point because he was talking about rates and certainly if you look at and I can understand from your perspective – that looking at the S&P and looking you would see it’s up marginally, but what we do is run a weighted index related to the assets that we hold. And if you actually look at that on both on average and on ending its down. So it’s not just the S&P again, we actually do the earning rate assets that we have and it’s down. So that is what Jim was explaining, that is certainly – it impacts the fee base.
Eric Berg: And, Jim, if I could wrap up just by asking about the – further about the fiduciary matter, are you saying that there will be – should I take away from your comment that there will be an impact on revenue but that the impact will be muted by the fact that there is already been a pullback in some activity?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, Eric. What I – and so let me clarify if I wasn’t clear. Okay.
Eric Berg: Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: What I said is – I think when some people have come out publicly earlier in 2015, and said oh, it will only be X or it is X because of REITs et cetera and this is the percentage over the business I do in that, what I said is a lot of that business actually reduced tremendously for us in 2015. And so I don’t have the exact number may be Alicia has it, but I think we did not do a lot of production and REITs and it wasn’t necessarily in that production we did a lot in the qualified area. But she can give you the numbers on it, so what I said is, they were identifying a little more of that if that went away. We say looking and reading the DOL’s proposal before all the commentary, there are number of things that are going to be affected. The question is, they also said that they would allow for certain business to be done under a best interest exemption standard that you would apply for and you would actually adhere to and you would disclose on et cetera. Depending on what they finalized, there will depend on whether you can continue to do a lot of the business you’re currently doing today under greater disclosure in a contract and et cetera, et cetera or that, that would have to be addressed to more of a fee-based type of basis in which case you would have to figure out with those clients whether it’s appropriate to move. So I can’t give you what the – what that would look like yet until I know it. What I’m saying is there are different ways that we think that we can manage and leave the business through if those exemptions are there and if you were able to execute appropriately against them and if not, there are some alternatives. Part of the activity would be do you serve some of the smaller accounts against smaller accounts are a little more costly. So part of that is you’ve got to look at your business model appropriately in that regard. So I don’t have a perfect answer to that’s all I said is it will have an effect on the industry, it will increase some cost the question is what do you do over time and can you offset some of that. And on the revenue side again, I think there are some alternatives but I don’t know until the final rule and if it as the final rules as you can to certain business so certain business have to be done at a certain rate. Then there will be some adjustments their part coming from the advisor, apart from the firm.
Eric Berg: Very helpful addition. Thank you, Jim
Operator: Thank you. And with this ladies and gentlemen we conclude today’s conference. We like to thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia A. Charity - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Third Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials that are available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2014 annual report to shareholders and our 2014 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our Third Quarter Earnings Call. This morning, I will provide my perspective on the quarter and Walter will follow to discuss our financials. Ameriprise delivered solid results in what was, as you know, a tougher operating environment. Volatility spiked across global markets. Equity markets dropped in the quarter and currency translation was a headwind as well as the ongoing pressure of low interest rates. Across the firm, we focused on executing our consistent strategy and managing expenses as we invest in the business and navigate these conditions. Because of our ability to consistently generate strong free cash flow, we are able to return to shareholders at a significant level while maintaining an excellent capital position. For the quarter, operating earnings per share increased 12% and that includes some moving pieces that Walter will address. In terms of return on equity, we continue to deliver at a differentiated level. Operating ROE increased to 24%, which is one of the best in the industry. This is up nearly 200 basis points from last year and marks another record high for us. Assets under management and administration were down to $766 billion, as good Ameriprise retail client flows were muted by the market impacts I've discussed in outflows and asset management. Let's move to the businesses. In Advice & Wealth Management, even with markets depreciating, our financial results and metrics remain strong. Clearly, the market dynamic was difficult in the quarter and asset levels were essentially flat at $433 billion. That said, in a volatile market environment, our Advice value proposition shines. Our advisors are using this opportunity to get in front of clients and reinforce the value of financial planning and advice across market cycles. It's in this type of environment that people really need their financial advisor to help them remain calm and focused on longer-term goals. Overall, we have strong client inflows, and of those inflows just under $3 billion went into Wrap products, which is quite good in this environment. Our investment advisory platform is one of the largest in the industry and a consistent growth driver for Ameriprise. While this was down a bit from the second quarter, we did see a pickup in clients' cash positions given the volatility. I'm feeling good about the strength of our field force. I've spent a lot of time recently with our TAP advisors, and they're pleased with the support from the company and the ability they have at Ameriprise to build even more productive practices. During the quarter, we increased our advisor count. In fact, this was one of our best quarters for recruiting. We had 95 new experienced advisors moving their practices to Ameriprise, with strong average productivity per recruit across employee and franchise channels. Looking forward, our pipeline remains strong, as more advisors recognize the strength of the Ameriprise value proposition. We're also pleased to welcome more than 50 JHS advisors to Ameriprise, as we completed that acquisition in the quarter. In terms of our focus on growth, as we shared previously, we continue to seek to serve more of the mass affluent and affluent clients and see opportunity in two areas: Consumers who are accumulating assets and those who are transitioning to retirement. I believe our firm and advisors are well positioned to help clients and prospects in every stage of their lives. During the quarter, we launched an extension of our successful Confident Retirement approach for those who are still building their wealth. Wealth builders, as we call them, represent more than half of our target market. Consumers with $500,000 to $5 million in investable assets. They value our financial planning relationship, so this is a real opportunity for us going forward as we introduce it to our entire field force over the coming months. In a recent external study showed that 89% of generation X, 92% of baby boomers and 87% of millennials surveyed want to work with an advisor who will meet them personally. This research reinforces the growth opportunity we have as people continue to value working with a financial advisor. And the importance of that human perspective for saving, investing and retirement planning. Helping advisors serve client needs, deliver strong service and operate efficiently has always been a priority. And we continue to get good uptake from the advisor capabilities we're investing in. At the end of the quarter, we launched a new mobile capability that integrates functionality from our highest-use advisor capabilities into one simplified experience that's accessible on any type of device. We're seeing good initial results. It's freeing up advisors' time to focus on serving their existing clients more comprehensively. In September, we unveiled the next evolution of our story to the U.S. marketplace with our new Be Brilliant brand and advertising platform. It illustrates the benefits of working with Ameriprise advisors and how comprehensive financial planning and the right advisor can help people achieve their personal goals today and in retirement. The campaign tests very well with our target market, and our advisors are taking great pride in the ads, as they bring to life what they do every day on behalf of their clients. We're working closely with the field to take advantage of the campaign in their local markets. As a result of our efforts, our advisors continue to grow productivity, which increased 6% year-over-year to a new record of $514,000 over a 12-month basis. This resulted in solid revenue and profitability growth in the quarter. Therefore, on a relative basis, considering the significant market pullback and volatility in the quarter, the business performed strongly. Let me now turn to Annuities and Protection. I'll focus more on the underlying business, and Walter will cover the financials, including the impact of unlocking. In terms of Annuities, we continue to see nice sales from the introduction of new living benefit riders earlier in the year as well as products without living benefits. New sales within our channel look good, which has helped offset some of the pressure from lower-equity markets on account balances. And there's no real change in the fixed annuity trajectory given where we are with rates. In Protection, Life & Health, insurance sales remain muted overall, and while Life claims were higher, we do expect it to normalize. We have a good book built to serve Ameriprise clients and planning relationships. Around the business, we are focusing on supporting our advisors to serve clients' protection needs. We continue to see more of an interest in our IUL products than VUL, and I expect that will continue in the near term, given the market volatility we're experiencing. We recognize that the volatile market environment creates challenges for these longer-term products, but at the same time this environment reinforces the importance of guaranteed retirement income and protecting what matters most to clients. In Auto & Home, we experienced higher collisions, in part due to the increase in the number of miles driven, as others in the industry have noted. We continue to invest in our capabilities as we adjust pricing, tighten underwriting as well as improve claims management. This work has begun to take hold, but it takes time for these enhancements to work through the book. As we said last quarter, we do expect to see some benefits next year and beyond. The enhancements we're making are to restore the business to its historic performance. In terms of our client experience, we continue to maintain strong client satisfaction and retention. Auto & Home has a good client base and good distribution. Now let's move to Asset Management. This was clearly a tougher quarter in terms of assets under management. The market environment I've discussed was particularly difficult, with foreign exchange driving a large piece of the assets under management decline. In addition, we had outflows from two large clients in strong performing funds where asset allocation or geopolitical and liquidity concerns drove their decision to sell. As we finish the year, we're likely to see some additional pressure here. Outflows in low-fee former parent affiliated assets this quarter were elevated. In terms of fourth quarter, we expect these will continue with additional outflows in low-fee collective trust funds, given U.S. Trust's decision to manage some of these fixed income products in-house. In terms of Acorn, outflows have persisted, and while investment performance has improved year-to-date from the enhancements we put in place, in the near-term we expect that outflows may continue. In terms of underlying flows, the market dropped in August and September and related volatility dampened retail activity globally. With regard to U.S. retail, our gross sales were up compared to last year. We have some improvements in sales share over the last few quarters and our wholesaling productivity has improved reflecting the steps we've taken to better align our sales strategy. In Europe, retail also slowed, but we feel good about our positioning, and flows could turn as conditions improve and clients become more comfortable. Overall, our investment teams are generating strong performance across equities and fixed income and in solutions. The volatility is helping to demonstrate the benefits of active management. We have added new talent to our sales leadership in both the U.S. retail market and U.K. institutional, complementing the teams in place. We also continue to strengthen our retail product line, including the recent launch of the Colombia global unconstrained bond fund. In Institutional, we were impacted by the client moves we discussed. That said, we are building on the business. We have good strategies with competitive track records in both the traditional and solutions space, and aligned sales in a service organization. Our pipeline remains strong as we look to the end of the year. In terms of financials, we continue to deliver solid earnings given our ongoing commitment to effective expense management as we focus on executing our strategy and delivering for our clients. From the perspective of the overall company, we're consistently generating an excellent return. Our balance sheet and capital position are strong, and our investment portfolio remains high quality. That allows us to return more to shareholders, and on a year-to-date basis we've increased our buyback significantly. And combined with our dividend, we have returned $1.6 billion this year alone. Our capital position also provides flexibility as we look to drive organic growth and consider inorganic opportunities in both Wealth Management and Asset Management. To that end, earlier this month, we officially marked our 10-year anniversary as an independent publicly-traded company. As I reflect on the last decade, we successfully executed one of the largest spinoffs in U.S. history. We navigated the financial crisis better than most, and that was without government support. Ameriprise emerged stronger because we had our own financial plan in place, made good decisions, and managed risk well. We stood by our clients, delivered appropriate products and solutions to satisfy their long-term goals. At the same time, we invested in our business and the right capabilities and set the stage for our future. Ten years in, Ameriprise is one of the strongest financial services firms in the business. When we look at our brand and reputation, it is one of the best in financial services. I believe, over that time, we've earned an excellent track record of growth and return and for making thoughtful decisions in the interest of our clients, advisors, employees and shareholders. Though markets have recently become more challenging, we remain focused on navigating the environment while we look to continue to generate good returns over time. With that, I'd like to hand things over to Walter to review the numbers.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered another solid quarter of financial results in a volatile market environment. The S&P 500 had substantial volatility in the quarter, ranging from 1,868 to 2,128 and VIX ranged from a low of 12 to a high of 41. In the quarter, we generated operating net revenue of $2.9 billion, down 1% from last year and down 4% sequentially. This was obviously driven by the impact of market movement in the quarter on asset levels and the associated fee generation. Assets under management administration was $766 billion, a 4% decline year-over-year with a more pronounced 7% decline in asset management, where geopolitical concerns, equity markets and unfavorable foreign exchange reduced asset level and fee-based revenue. Our top-line growth was impacted by the environment. We continue to manage expenses tightly and use lower valuation levels to repurchase additional shares in the quarter. And we benefited from effective tax planning. These actions drove strong 12% growth in EPS, and resulted in achieving a new record return on equity in the quarter of 24%, up almost 200 basis points year-over-year. Let's look more closely at capital on page four. Our ability to return capital to shareholders at this level reflects our strong balance sheet fundamentals. Our investment portfolio is well diversified and low risk. Our hedge program is effective. Our risk-based capital ratio is estimated to be over 625%, and we have approximately $2.5 billion of excess capital. Given the share price in the quarter and our current valuation, we accelerated the level of share repurchase. We returned $571 million to shareholders through share repurchase and dividends, which is our highest quarterly level. This equates to 133% of operating earnings. We are confident in our continued ability to generate free cash flow, return capital to shareholders and bring down our excess capital prudently over time. Turning to segment performance, starting with AWM on slide five. The Advice & Wealth Management business continues to perform well across all dimensions to deliver solid financial results. Operating net revenue was $1.2 billion in the quarter, up 3% from last year and down 2% sequentially. Our revenue growth slowed due to the impact of market movement on asset levels and its associated fee generation, but still compares favorably to others in the industry. Wrap net flows were good at $3 billion, despite the deterioration in the markets. While total expenses increased 2% year-over-year, it was driven by higher distribution expense. G&A expenses improved 1% year-over-year while still investing in key business growth initiatives, including more productive experience advisor recruits, advisory platform product expansion, and investments to improve the ease of doing business for advisors and clients. This resulted in earnings of $219 million, up 7% and a record high-margin of 17.6%. Results were achieved without the benefits of increasing short interest rates. We have $21 billion of brokerage cash balances that earned 23 basis points in the quarter. This is a substantial upside opportunity when rates rise. Asset Management continues to provide a solid contribution to our revenue and earnings as you will see on slide six. As I previously discussed, both equity marks and foreign exchange translation impacted asset levels in the quarter. Combined with elevated net outflows due to geopolitical concerns and the timing and performance fees, it resulted in a 7% decline and operating net revenue to $782 million. We remain committed to managing expenses tightly, with G&A down 3%. Pre-tax operating earnings were $180 million down 13% from last year. Again, this represents the low markets and timing of performance fees. Let's turn to slide seven. Before I focus on the underlying business results and Annuities and Protection, I want to review the annual unlocking completed this quarter. Overall, unlocking provided a $42 million favorable impact. Variable annuities had a $64 million of favorable unlocking this year. While continued low interest rates negatively impacted our unlocking, it was more than offset by favorable net persistency, withdrawal utilization and model updates. Fixed annuity unlocking was only a $2 million favorable impact. The benefit of clients' lapsing was largely offset by the impact of continued low rates. For insurance, the primary driver of $24 million unfavorable unlocking was low interest rates. In long-term care, we conducted the gross premium valuation and did not have loss recognition despite low interest rates. While low interest rates impacted the assessment negatively, we have received approval of more premium increases than we had anticipated, and the benefit of these future rate increases more than offset the impact from low interest rates. Turning to Annuities on slide eight. I will focus on underlying results that exclude the impact from unlocking and mean reversion. Underlying variable annuity pre-tax earnings declined $3 million from a year ago to $116 million. This decline was driven by lower account values from markets and from the runoff of the closed-block distributed through third parties. Underlying fixed annuity pre-tax earnings declined $23 million due to elevated lapses of the blocks running off as it comes out of the surrender charge period. Given the current interest environment, there are limited new sales and as a result, this book is expected to gradually run-off and earnings will trend down. Turning to Protection on the next slide. I will focus on underlying earnings. Protection pre-tax operating earnings were $49 million in the quarter, excluding the unusual items noted for the quarter. This is down $38 million from last year with the impact essentially split between our Life and Health business and our Auto & Home business. Let's focus on Life and Health first. Underlying pre-tax operating earnings were impacted by higher claims activity and the lower-interest rate environment. Life claims were elevated in the quarter as we had four large, later duration VUL claims that had a much higher retention level than our more recent policy years. Year-over-year, gross claims increased $19 million compared to a very favorable quarter a year ago. As you can see, we did not see a corresponding increase in the benefit from reinsurance. The Auto & Home business generated a pre-tax operating loss in the quarter. First, we experienced deterioration in collision results from an increase in miles driven and lower salvage values which is consistent with many in the industry. Second, we had a loss associated with Travel Accident program, a small program we piloted, but did not meet our profitability targets. Therefore, we are in the process of exiting this business. Third, we had some prior year CAT development associated with hailstorms from last year. Finally, we had higher expenses this year as we continue to enhance our operation and staffing levels. The operational improvements we have made this year are beginning to show across our product lines of event collision. Unfortunately, that has been masked by some of the unusual items in the quarter. Our activities are on-track and we anticipate marked improvement next year. To wrap, Ameriprise delivered another solid quarter of financial results despite some revenue pressure related to market volatility. We will continue to actively manage the levers within our control like expenses, balance sheet strength, and capital return to drive consistent, solid financial performance. With that, I will open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Suneet Kamath with UBS Financial.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to start with asset management. Jim, in your color around the flow picture, it seems to me to suggest that there's probably not going to be a turn in 4Q from some of the trends that affected you in 3Q. So my question is, do you think that 4Q flows could actually be worse than what we saw in third quarter?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, I think as we look at the fourth quarter, I don't think from sort of the core businesses that that will be the case. On the other side, we know that there's a level of volatility in August and September, and we know that that may continue depending on markets. So we wanted to be clear, particularly in the institutional space, that's a little lumpy. The only area, as I highlighted in my opening remarks, was around one of the ex-parent activities and some of the low-fee as they take a bit of that portfolio back in-house. But we were planning on that and it is very low revenue to us. But that's the only thing that probably would be higher in the area that we highlighted in the ex-parent activities. But from the retail and institutional, I don't see that at this point in time but, again, I don't know how the rest of the year will go in volatility.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then Walter – sorry, go ahead.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. That was it.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Sorry. So then, Walter, you had mentioned that performance fees were lower in the quarter. I think you said it was $10 million in the year ago and less than a million this quarter but that some of it was related to timing. Any sense, based on what you know today, of what that could look like next quarter?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think we'll see – normally at fourth quarter is higher – but I think we will see that it will shift into the fourth quarter and basically on the year where it's within our targeted ranges.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: And what are those targeted ranges?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me say it's tough to – but now fourth quarter is basically the $10 million that we talked about should be able to flow through. And so it will not be a variance factor except for that $10 million. And we anticipate that the normal performance fees that we have last year and this year will be in the ranges that won't be of course a variance of that like it did in this quarter.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then just lastly, on the capital, I fully acknowledge the move from $425 million buyback to $450 million, but given where the stock is, which I think is lower today than where you bought back stock in the third quarter, and the excess capital position remains at roughly $2.5 billion, why can't that quarterly run rate of buyback be in excess of $500 million on a quarterly basis?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, it could, but as we demonstrated, as we feel the stock is undervalued, looking at our – that we have purchased 133% of our basically earnings. So we are evaluating that and looking at it, but certainly we are – we talk about our range as 90% to 100%, but we've demonstrated as we see the circumstances – the opportunity that we will buy up. I don't know if we'll go to $500 million, but certainly we have the capacity to do that and we will evaluate it. But I would imagine you should expect it would be higher than 90% if the current situation continues.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: All right. I think – I think you should take the buyback up over $500 million, sell Auto & Home and your stock price will be higher than $111. Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Okay. So thanks. I wrote that down.
Operator: The next question is from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everybody. I wanted to start with a question on the advisor hires. It seems like the last two quarters you may be turned a corner there and we're certainly seeing some momentum. Can you maybe talk about what – has there been any shift in terms of your recruiting strategy, or the efforts or what's leading to the higher advisor recruiting levels?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, we are bringing in what we think is a good core of new advisors to the firm, has very good productivity. And I think will fit in nicely based on the value proposition that we have and what their interests are to grow their productivity. And I think it's really over the course of the last year that we've been able to better get out there in the market and tell our story. That – it always takes time to sort of build that sort of pipeline in relationships. And I think people are more interested as they learn more about Ameriprise. And so, I think it's been a more consistent sort of ramp-up that we've had and the pipeline still looks very good. So we feel good about that. We're seeing good people. And it's all about what makes sense for them. And if it fits with what we're looking to accomplish, then it becomes a win-win.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then one follow-up, asset management clearly is coming under pressure, but that also means that valuations for such franchises have compressed as well. I'm just curious as you talk about capital deployment and your thoughts about the future, clearly you've been quite disciplined in terms of deals in the past. Do you see a pipeline today? Is it more robust? Do you see more opportunities or more serious opportunities from your perspective as you potentially look for deals in asset management?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I do believe that there is a bit more of a reconciliation of people evaluating what the alternatives are. I think there's also an understanding of what would be more of appropriate pricing as we go forward, and I do believe there'll be more opportunities that come about over the next number of quarters. So, if something interesting does fit the bill, and it strategically makes sense for us and it would be a good complementary, as I said, and Walter said, that we do have the cash on hand and the capital ability to do that and we would be very open to exploring those opportunities. But as you also said, we're also very disciplined and it has to be appropriate and make sense to get us a little further down the road than where we are.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And could you remind us in that space what would be a good strategic fit from your perspective?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, we're continuing to look at building out some of our product set around alternatives and solutions and there may be some core product that would be complementary on the global platforms that we have. We're also looking to further expand some of our distribution capabilities – as we continue to build out our global activities. So again, I think it would – there are a number of things that would fit the bill or can increase our ability to grow even more formally in some of the channels that we're in. So I don't think it's just one thing that we're looking for per se, but there may be other – a broader set of opportunities that would work for us.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Can you update us on your strategy to accelerate the growth in Colombia's retail channel? I mean, obviously it's a tough environment, but are you seeing progress in terms of getting on distribution platforms or establishing performance track records for new funds or maybe some other initiatives that give you confidence that flows can turn. And if and when we see a pickup in retail demand?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So I did mention that we are seeing some good traction. I think it's hard to see overall because you get some – we've had some additional redemptions in things like the Acorn Fund, et cetera, but overall our sales activity as we look at external benchmarks like Market Metrics, et cetera, shows that our market share and some of the major channels that we're doing business in some of the major intermediaries has actually improved. And so that does mean that we're able to expand a bit more. Now that takes time and it does take that you get more fully onto those platforms and the relationships form, but I think we now are making some good progress. We have plans. We just brought in some additional strong leadership in both the platform business over the last year. We brought in a strong leader overall for the intermediary channel. We just added a new leader to run our wholesaling activities. We have adjusted how we go to market, working between the product and the marketing groups and be able to tell our story a lot better. We're also putting out new advertising in the marketplace that we'll be launching shortly. We've been a little quiet there as we've worked on a new brand, the Colombia Threadneedle. And so, we feel pretty good that we can continue to gain traction. But again, it doesn't come overnight and it does get impacted and influenced based on what's happening in the volatility of the markets, but we have some really good products, like a strategic income fund that really suits what the client and the advisor are looking for right now. So we do believe that we can actually take more space and we have a good group of leadership and people focused on doing that. So that's really what I can say at this point.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. And just quickly on PNC, do the emerging trends you're seeing in auto claims change your view at all as to how much rate is needed and should we anticipate that it will take longer than initially expected to get back to target margin levels?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: This is Walter. Obviously, the collision and the impact on the – which was driven by certainly the drop in salvage voucher which was quite substantial and the frequency of people driving has and we will reflect that, but the other actions that we are taking are, I think are in place but we're going to have to supplement that.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Berg with RBC. Please go ahead.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks very much. First, in the asset management area, Jim, I'm hoping you can build on your comments, your prepared comments that there's been a change in strategy or outlook at U.S. Trust. This is – I believe this is your – the specifics behind your reference to the former parent company relationships. What has been the nature of the change and sort of how long will it last – how long will the effect last beyond the December quarter?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So what we were saying, first of all, we have a very good strong relationship with U.S. Trust, multiple dimensions, particularly strong in our fund family, et cetera. And that really hasn't changed. I think what I did mention is, you know, they go through their portfolio allocations, et cetera, they're dealing themselves and where their flow should go. They're a bit more into how they're looking at their overall lineup. But this is a really -- regarding some of their collected trust areas for some of their clients and fixed income. And they feel that some of those things they can manage in-house and they're looking to do some of that. Now again, it's a low-fee business. It's something that they think its suited for, at this stage, for them. And so you know, we probably will see a continued outflow from that area but nothing fundamental around the larger relationship has changed.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Next, with respect to the international institutional business where you've had clients outside the United States withdrawing funds for what you call geopolitical reasons. Can you build on what you mean by geopolitical reasons? Are we talking about the collapse in the price of oil and the effect that that has had on certain sovereign wealth funds or something else?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think there are two things just in broad terms, okay? So as you've seen, there's a move away from some of the emerging market and Asians that we have some good portfolios in that some clients reallocate right now from. The second area is definitely around the price of commodities and other things that have occurred that may affect some of the investments from clients. You've read about that sort of more globally. But it's nothing particularly to Ameriprise. It's nothing against the performance. And in fact, people just need to raise some once in a while, some liquidity. So we think over time that will settle and actually things will come back into some of those areas because it wasn't a performance issue for where they're pulling some money right now. So – and we're probably affected less than some others out there.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Last question. I understand that there is no new fiduciary rule so you can't react to it. I'm not going to ask you to do that. But I would think that you would be doing preparation for the possibility, possibility, not the certainty, that the IRA rollover business could become a lot more difficult to get done in the future than it has in the past. Would that be a right conclusion to reach, or just what sort of preparation are you doing for possible changes? Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, Eric, as you do understand us here at Ameriprise, you know that we always do our planning and we always look at what may happen. And so, I do have my teams geared up. We look at everything that has come out from the department. We look at what – based on all the comments and what the department has already said that they need to look at, or possibly change. And we're already gearing up to see what that looks like and what it takes to make those adjustments and already have things underway. I would be very clear as I've actually even outlined in my opening remarks, whether they're millennials that people sometimes think they just want to work with a Robo or they just want to be self-administered. We clearly know that they want advice. We clearly know that the populations that we're talking to want to work with an advisor. And we have the best, one of the best advisor forces out there. Our satisfaction is very strong. They like what we have to offer. So, again, I know the department will come up with something. We know that we want to work in the best interest. There's no argument for us on that. We'll see as they make adjustments to their rule that it's more rational. You can work with people on a reasonable basis with reasonable compensation and try to satisfy their needs consistent with what FINRA and the SEC already look at and regulate. So – but yeah, we are planning for it and we are already looking at things of what may come about from whether it's disclosure or how you operate or a compensation. But again, I think Ameriprise and what we offer is really the key. And I think if people weren't satisfied today, you wouldn't have those strong personal relationships that we have. But they really want personal advisors and they really want the biggest thing they want help on is their retirement.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Your next question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys. Good morning. Back to the M&A discussion for a second. Jim, any sense, and I guess, when you're talking about opportunities to deploy capital and inorganic growth, any sense on which way you guys are leaning towards more in the broker side of things. So similar type of deals we saw you guys do earlier this quarter or last quarter or more on the asset management. Just kind of try to see given your kind of alluded comments on improvement pipeline and deal flow, which way does that pipeline skew?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think, Alex, it doesn't have to be an either/or for us. We have the means and the ability to do both. We have the experience to do both and the operating infrastructure to do both. So, as an example, if there are things that fit in for us in the broker dealer side that would complement the good recruiting we're doing, we're open to entertain that. We have the ability to do that. We do look at things that come along. And the same thing on the asset management side. It hasn't been that we haven't kicked the tires on a number of things, but whether it's because of a combination of factors, operating factors, people factors, or just the value that people are attributing to some things, we would have passed them that might have passed on some of the things and that really explore them to that depth. But I think if those things come along again in that light, we have the ability to do both.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Understood. And then on AWM operating leverage and margins, clearly super strong results with continued margins here, hanging in at record levels. As you guys look out and think about a more challenging equity market drop, let's say in a flattish equity tape, how much more operating leverage can we still see from just organic initiatives without the help from the market? Just trying to get at the sensitivity in the model.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think – as I think about that, it's – what I would say is that if markets just flatten, it depends on how they flatten in the level of volatility and how that affects client activity. So it's hard to say it's just like driven based on the market, but as you saw in the third quarter, markets actually depreciated. So we still had good client inflows in. We had cash balances built, but we still put money to work for our clients and in our wrap businesses. So it's hard to predict exactly what the circumstances are. What I would just say is we're operating at pretty good margins. We continue to see productivity lifts from what we've invested in. But having said that, with flat markets or lower client activity, it depends on what that looks like of whether the margins would accrete from there or stay more consistent. I think I would probably put it in that sort of vantage point that says stay more consistent at this point in time. We are, again, at one point the Fed will raise interest rates if the economy continues to improve or even maintain at this growth rate. I mean it's hard to see why you're at a 0 interest rate with even a 2% growth rate in the economy. So I think at one point that may kick in that will offset what happens with the equity market pressure.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. I hear you there. And, Walter, just real quick on seasonality in AWM, should we still expect a similar type of kind of a pickup in G&A in the fourth quarter like we've seen in prior years?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm sorry. Say that again? I didn't pick up the first part of it.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sorry. The seasonality in expenses in AWM, should we expect to see similar pick up in the fourth quarter in G&A like we've seen it in prior years? I think there's some things around market and things like that.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think you'll see a normal pattern. But certainly, the expense will remain controlled as we've demonstrated in the first three quarters.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Awesome. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. First question on what drove the big increase in RBC this quarter from the 560% last quarter to 625%? Was that favorable annuity hedging or what was driving that?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. That is mostly variable annuity hedging and the value of it going up. Yes. That was exactly correct.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. And then just given the level of increase there, Walter, why wouldn't your excess capital have grown to north of $2.5 billion? Is it holding more RBC for VA?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, it's actually – it is the continued buyback that we did in exceeding the level of our earnings. So there is an element within that, and so the net net effect is it has been in the range that we've reported last quarter.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So bigger drawdown of HoldCo cash offset by an increase in RBC. Is that the right way to think about it?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, it's in it – yes – because RBC comes into our calculation. We look at the overall excess. Certain things we discount a little bit as we talk about but it is basically – we're feeling very good about the requirement. And we have used more cash, too, for buyback.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Just shifting gears to M&A. Jim, your earlier response, you mentioned, I believe, products on the asset management side as being some – I think that was the first thing you responded to when asked about M&A, which suggests to me more asset management is of interest. Can you talk about, would you be interested in doing another pretty sizeable deal or would it just – would it be something smaller to expand product instead of a large AUM-type deal?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So what I would probably say is that we would look for deals that would be incremental to what we've established would be our primary. It doesn't rule out something else that may be out there or come along if it made strategic sense, or if it really was complementary that was on a larger scale. But as we think about just the climate and things that come up in the normal course of the year, we think that you can easily, more easily execute more of the smaller, strategic, complementary type things in product and distribution and that would be always the first thing. But if something came along that made sense larger, and it truly fit with us, there's something we could evaluate but that's not sort of our starting point.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. Then next question on your response to the AWM margins trajectory, I presume that doesn't include any increased costs that you would expect if the most likely deal while fiduciary standards proposal goes through; or even if you consider a range of outcomes from that proposal. Is that the right way to think about it? My point being that if we're in a flattish type market without significant revenue growth, I assume there's going to be incremental costs coming from this new standard.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think – it's Walter – I think it's a reasonable assumption. Again, we've demonstrated in the past just looking at these sorts of investments that we could have the flexibility to mitigate some of that within the re-engineering base that we look at the business. But certainly, it's a reasonable assumption that it's not included. We're certainly scenario-ing it, but that's it.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then just one other quick one. The higher frequency in Auto that you mentioned this quarter, did that get worse versus 2Q, 1Q, or is that an elevated frequency level you've been seeing throughout the year?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the Auto, I think it's something that is been building and we've been observing it and looking at it and again, trying to – watching certainly in the industry coming back on the Auto. But it's been more of a building element that we've been evaluating than reflecting.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And if I could just sneak in one last one on long-term care. I know you had the favorable actuarial review, but on a core basis, you still lost money in the business this quarter. If you continue to lose money, is there still risk of a balance sheet charge here if you fast forward to next year? Or do you feel you've got enough flexibility and cushion where we can start to take that off the table as a serious risk?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Based on what we're seeing with the price increase is the overall element and certainly the way we – you do know we've exacerbated a little because we've been pretty prudent on our investment strategy and other things at that standpoint but I think you can take it off the table.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hey. Good morning, everybody. I've got a couple. If I can just ask maybe a quick housekeeping one first. I think in the past, Walter, I don't know if it's been every quarter, but you have broken out the margin from the franchisee versus the employee channel for us, and I was wondering if you could do the same for third quarter?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think, basically, the streamline has continued as we talked about it. Certainly, from that standpoint we've seen improvement within it. We're also seeing from that standpoint, we are comfortable with the development that's both taking place in the employee channel and with the franchise channel. I don't know if we've official broken it out but we just – I don't have the number in front of me but it certainly trend line wise, it's – we're feeling comfortable with it.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. So would it be fair to say that the gap between the two is still closing?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Again, if you take quarterly the answer is certainly directionally it is closing.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then I have a question on variable annuities and their relationship to Advice & Wealth Management revenues. I mean, so really nice, nice growth in sales on a year-over-year basis. I think it was 11%. And I'm sure that had to help the revenues in Advice & Wealth Management channel. I guess the question is do you think you're seeing any advisors hold back on VA sales into qualified accounts given any anticipation of some changes there? Or would you say it remains business as usual until a finalized rule is enacted? And then also related to that, I know I'm getting a little long-winded here, but perhaps you could give us a sense for approximately what percentage of Advice & Wealth Management revenues are being driven by VA sales into qualified accounts? I've estimated it's about 5% of revenues but I'm wondering whether you think that's in the ballpark.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: First thing I would say is I do not believe that there is any hold back. It's an important solution set within it. And certainly we offer the product. And I think from our standpoint, it's been more of a business as usual. Again, as the percentage, I don't really have that in front of me. It is certainly an important part of the element, but I think you consider it relatively small, so whether it's 5 or where your range is, it's a relatively small.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): It's relatively small. Okay. And then just one other housekeeping one, if my math is reasonable, I think your current remaining buyback authorization or at least as of September 30, your remaining authorization is down to around $500 million, give or take. I guess the question is, can we expect – the board will re-up the authorization sometime relatively soon. Is there any reason to expect that the capital deployment strategy you guys have enacted so far would change at all as we look out the next year or more?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So the answer to your math is correct. And certainly we intend to discuss with the board re-upping.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I don't foresee an issue there. It's just the timing issue.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then final one is just quick on asset management. So you've given us some color on what to think about as we look at fourth quarter and a couple of these items that could, in terms of flows, that could continue to impact the numbers in the fourth quarter, but as we turn and look out the 2016 or even a little bit further out than that, Jim, do you feel like you have enough visibility into what's happening underlying some of this noise to say you feel like you're reaching an inflection point on flows, or is it still little bit too soon?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think, listen, we've worked very closely and had the teams really diagnose and also put their plans in place. We have very clear objectives and initiatives underway against the strategy we have and where we think there are opportunities and how to grow against those opportunities. And again, it's you run into sort of environmental market, you run into geopolitical of what's happening in China and Asia versus, et cetera, whether you've got a slowing in Europe versus the U.S. So all those things, if we look and just say, hey, the world will continue to be a bit more adjusting over time, and that's part of the landscape, I do see underlying some really good core improvements, some really good people and focus that we have that we have brought on board or got channeled into the areas that we're focusing on. And we do have some very good product and people and performance in those product. And so, no, I don't think there is an issue of that we can compete and we can get the flows in the right situation, but I think we're part of seeing what the industry pressures are that you see across. We've had our own one-offs because of whether it's some ex-parent or a portfolio here or there that might have underperformed or just getting re-established as we've integrated Columbia with RiverSource, with Threadneedle. But I think those things are actually moving forward very nicely, and we're seeing some good positive both energy and synergies. So, no, I actually think there is growth but I'm not going to sit here with a quarter right now, because that hasn't actually happened based on the environmental and complements some of the internal. But no, I do see a path forward and I feel positive, really positive about the group we have in place.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Excellent. And sort of following up on your ten-year anniversary from the spin-off, I'll leave you with this thought. Your stock, despite some pressure this year is up threefold or more since your spinoff while your former parent is up only about 40%. So I wonder who misses whom. Take care.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I had a couple of follow-ups. On the U.S. Trust change in the relationship in the fourth quarter, can you just quantify the amount of assets that could be impacted by that?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't have a full thing, but we're probably talking a couple of billion, something in that neighborhood.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just going back to the AWM margin, I know you were asked about and you commented that you'd expect flattish margins if the equity market remains fairly flat. But if we get more normal equity market lift and – but interest rates remain where they are, do you still expect further margin expansion from here over the next few years?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Yes, I do. And again, there's a number of moving parts in there. As we said, we see productivity improvements from our advisors, but we're also adding a good number of new advisors, that we have incremental cost initially as they ramp-up. But then all the vintages ramp-up nicely in the productivity. So it's hard for me to sit here without doing the exact calculations, but if equity markets continue to improve, yeah, we would see a continuing incremental margin over time.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just last one. Can you just remind us what percentage of Columbia retail sales are distributed through Ameriprise advisors?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're talking in the teens from a sales perspective. So we're a good provider in our channel. But we have other good providers, but it is not sort of an overly dominant position, but we have, for good, we have a good sales platform here. But it's one of a good number of another – we have a large number of providers. So we have good providers in the system as well.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: All right. That's it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thomas G. Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2015 earnings call. My name is Vivien, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. You may begin.
Alicia A. Charity - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's second quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be glad to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2014 Annual Report to shareholders, and our 2014 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hello everyone, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. This morning, I'll provide my perspective on the quarter and the progress we're making in the business. And Walter will follow to discuss our financials. The company is performing well in a more challenging market environment. We're delivering meaningful results across a number of dimensions to mark a good second quarter and an overall first half of the year. However, we still have work to do in a few areas that I'll discuss. As you know, equity market volatility did pick up in the quarter. The strong dollar has also been a headwind in terms of foreign exchange translation and asset management, and we have the ongoing pressure of low interest rates. We also had the benefit of the long term care reserve release. However, this was offset by higher weather-related impacts in Auto & Home, which Walter will address. Revenue growth in the quarter reflected a more volatile market environment, but we remain very much focused on executing our growth plans and managing expenses as we continue to invest in the business and return capital to shareholders. We're consistently generating good free cash flow, growing earnings, and returning to shareholders at a significant level, while maintaining our excellent capital position. For the quarter, operating earnings per share increased 12% compared to last year. Excluding certain items, EPS increased 15%. In terms of return on equity, an important measure for us, we continue to deliver at a differentiated level. ROE increased to 23.5%. This is up 180 basis points from last year and marks another record high. Assets under management and administration were up slightly to $811 billion, as asset growth was offset by the unfavorable foreign exchange translation of $12 billion. Overall, we're growing our fee-based earnings, driving the ongoing shift in our business mix. Let's move to the business segments. In Advice & Wealth Management, we're continuing to generate good earnings with strong margin. Client flows were very strong, and asset levels hit a record high at more than $450 billion, up over $18 billion over last year. We're generating good inflows into fee-based investment advisory accounts, with inflows of over $3 billion, up 9% in the quarter. Our investment advisory platform is one of the largest in the industry, and a consistent growth driver for Ameriprise. We continue to get good uptake from our advisor capabilities we're investing in, such as our eFile Delivery and our Money Movement System. These capabilities help advisors share information more easily and process business faster. It's freeing up their time to focus on serving their existing clients more comprehensively. This was one of our best quarters for recruiting. We're bringing in more productive advisors in a very competitive marketplace, with 93 new experienced advisors joining the firm in the second quarter, with strong average productivity per recruit across both channels. And our ongoing pipeline also looks strong. As we've shared previously, we continue to seek to serve more of the mass affluent and affluent markets and we see opportunity in two areas: people that are accumulating assets as well as those who are transitioning to retirement. Our Confident Retirement approach generates higher satisfaction, deeper relationships, more assets, and higher referral rates. In fact, for the affluent, satisfaction rates we're earning with clients served through Confident Retirement are some of the highest I've seen. Based on the results we've seen, there is more we can achieve as more of our advisors begin to adopt a simplified and engaging approach. Now we're expanding Confident Retirement for wealth builders, people who are in the accumulation phase. This expanded approach has proven effective in our initial consumer research as well as with our advisor palette we tested in the quarter, leading to nice lifts in both productivity and flows. We plan to roll it out nationally to our entire field force beginning in the fall and through next year. Also in the fall, we're kicking off a new brand and advertising platform, and we're shooting the ads for it this week, and will be working closely with advisors to take advantage of the campaign in their local markets. I feel good about its potential to engage our advisors, clients, and prospects in continuing to tell our story as well as demonstrate the benefits of working with Ameriprise. We're also enhancing our digital presence in the Ameriprise website, incorporating responsive design to make it easier for consumers to access their information from multiple types of devices. As a result of these and other efforts, our advisors continue to grow productivity, which increased 9% year-over-year to a new record of $512,000 over a 12-month basis. Overall, we're delivering nice growth and profitability across the business with strong opportunity for further growth. In regard to Annuities and Protection, year-over-year operating earnings were down in these businesses, but there are a number of items from both the current and previous quarter that Walter will discuss. In terms of Annuities, variable annuity account balances were relatively flat, but that was largely due to outflows in our closed book. Within Ameriprise, we had good sales growth up nearly 10% from a year ago, and we're seeing nice traction from the introduction of two new living benefit riders in the quarter. We also continued to see strong adoption of variable annuities without living benefits, reflecting good wholesaling activity and a positive reaction to helping clients and advisors understand the advantages these products can provide. This has contributed to a good and moderate shift in the mix of variable sales products without guarantees. Sales of VAs without living benefits represented about a third of total VA sales in the quarter. There's essentially no change in fixed annuities given the current rate environment. In Protection, we continue to work with our advisors on the benefits and insurance for our clients. Life & Healthcare sales were up 10% from a year ago with continued strength in Indexed UL. And our overall client retention in these solutions remained high. This helps enhance the long-term nature of the Ameriprise client-advisor relationship. We're simplifying marketing and sales materials, processing new business more efficiently and enhancing our digital capabilities. We also refreshed our disability income insurance product line in the quarter, as this remains an important feature of a comprehensive financial plan. These enhancements should begin to show in the third quarter. In Auto & Home this quarter, we were particularly impacted by the storms that were more severe than usual in the central part of the country. In regard to the overall business, Auto & Home has a good client base with good distribution that garners a very high client satisfaction and retention. As we discussed with you, we have a number of actions on the way to address some increased developments we've experienced. This includes adjusting pricing, tightening underwriting, as well as improving claims management in certain areas across the book. The steps we're taking should get us back on track to the level of performance and return we previously delivered. It will take time as our initiatives work through the book. We expect to see good benefits in 2016 and beyond. Now let's move to Asset Management, where we have a strong foundation of assets and are generating solid earnings and competitive margin. Assets under management were down slightly from a year ago, but that was largely driven by the foreign exchange translation. We're executing our strategy while investing in the business and being diligent about expenses. We're generating strong investment performance versus benchmarks and peers. In the U.S., we continue to generate strong equity performance in short as well as longer-term time frames, particularly in large cap, core growth, and quantitative products. In addition, our small and mid-cap growth products continue to improve in the short term. Taxable fixed income performance has performed in line with our risk profile. Tax exempt performance remained strong. While the Acorn Fund is still underperforming over the medium-term, its performance has improved versus both against benchmark and peers in the short-term. In EMEA, we continue to generate good short and longer term track records, especially in equities. While UK performance has been somewhat mixed recently, longer term performance remains strong. Both U.S. and European equity performances continue to improve and longer term track records are quite strong. In Asia, all of our locally-managed funds now have one-year track records and, in each case, are beating their benchmarks and peers. Let me highlight some other things we're focused on, starting with retail. In the U.S., retail gross sales are up almost 10% from last year. We're adding to our leadership talent and distribution, marketing, and product, and we'll soon announce our new national sales manager that will compliment the leadership changes that we've made over the last few quarters. Wholesaling focus is improving. We're strengthening our product training and better aligned our sales strategy. And we're investing in our marketing and advertising to reflect new Columbia Threadneedle Investments' go-to-market strategy. Our plan is to be in the market later this year with new creative. While these actions are beginning to take hold, there's still more work to do. In the quarter, retail outflows were elevated in the Acorn Fund, which lost a large DCIO client. However, we're very focused on improving Acorn's performance. We're managing the planned leadership transition and increased concentration of our top holdings, returning the investment process to its roots and strong legacy. In the UK and Europe, we're generating good retail growth sales and had net inflows of about $800 million in the quarter. We also have a very good UK property business with assets of about $13 billion that provide a meaningful contribution. In addition, at U.S. Trust, we experienced a level of outflows consistent with prior quarter. We've renewed our relationship with U.S. Trust, which remains strong. Over the next quarter or two, we expect outflows in some low-margin fixed income portfolios that U.S. Trust will take in-house. In institutional, other former parent related outflows included a larger than usual outflow in low-fee Zurich assets, due to the sale of an annuity block. The underlying run rate of outflows have returned to normal levels as we serviced this closed block. That said, we're driving growth in our higher fee third-party business, including more than $900 million of net inflows in the quarter, as nearly all the mandate wins we expected to see in the first quarter funded in the second. Client service, consultant relations, and sales are managed globally now, which has enhanced our support and ensures that sales teams offer our full portfolio of strategies. Our institutional sales pipeline is healthy and we have a good pool of high potential sales. We expect that over time, third-party Institutional will become an even larger component of the business. This includes the solution space where we're continuing to build out our capabilities and investing in our infrastructure and sales efforts to support longer-term growth. More work remains to be done in Asset Management, but we're making progress on a number of fronts and believe we can continue to gain traction in key areas. We will still experience one-off impacts and legacy flow dynamics, and like the industry, we continue to deal with current market and geopolitical conditions. Our focus remains on improving our overall flows, as we continue to deliver competitive financials and look to earn share across key markets. Now, let me turn to an issue that we're all focused on, the Department of Labor's fiduciary proposal. We support the DOL's objective in ensuring that investors, particularly those saving for retirement, receive advice that's in their best interest. The industry has supported a uniform fiduciary standard for years. Ameriprise has long served clients and served them well under a fiduciary standard. We believe that our track record and the high client satisfaction rates we consistently earn demonstrate that we have a beneficial business model for the delivery of advice. We take the DOL seriously when they say that they intend to preserve beneficial business models for the delivery of advice. However, we think the DOL's proposal as currently drafted could have some significant, unintended negative consequences. We have submitted our recommendations and are supportive of the comments from the major trade associations, other member firms, and FINRA. These provide vital perspective on the broad range of issues that must be addressed and are responsive to the DOL's request to help them get it right. Importantly, just in the last few days, the DOL has said that they will make significant changes to the proposal. We hope that that means that the concerns raised by many stakeholders in comment letters are being heard and will be addressed. Given they intend to make changes, all stakeholders should wait to see how the comments to the DOL are addressed before making definitive conclusions. We've dealt with regulatory changes before and we will work with our trade associations and other stakeholders throughout this process to advocate for our clients with a goal of most appropriately satisfying the DOL's objectives. We continue to believe that Ameriprise is situated well and has the ability to respond to appropriate requirements to satisfy the DOL's objectives. In closing, as I look at the company overall, we've been able to consistently generate good growth in EPS and strong ROE. We have a good combination of businesses and people to continue to execute the strategy we have in place. And I feel good about our ability to continue to generate strong free cash flow with our mix of businesses as well as to navigate the market and consistently return to shareholders as we have. Our capital management remains a real strength. We recently increased our quarterly dividend and also increased our buyback in the quarter, as we saw more dislocation in the stock. With that, I would like to hand things over to Walter for a detailed review of the numbers.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Jim. As Jim indicated, Ameriprise delivered another solid quarter of financial results in the face of a fairly volatile market. Operating net revenues was $3 billion, up 2% from last year. Revenue growth was muted by the impact of a CLO liquidation in the prior year, as well as an unfavorable foreign exchange translation. Without these items, underlying revenue growth was 4%. Operating EPS was $2.33, up 12% from last year. However, it was impacted by several one-time items that we announced last week, specifically elevated CAT losses in Auto & Home, a reserve release in long term care, and an unfavorable mean reversion. Excluding these one-time items, operating EPS was $2.38, up 15%. And the operating return on equity reached a new record level of 23.5%, which is above our targeted range of 19% to 23%. Turning to slide four, you'll see that our business mix shift continues to evolve. Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management represented 65% of pre-tax operating earnings this quarter, fueled by strong growth in AWM. As we grow, we expect the mix shift will continue towards an intermediate 70%-plus target. Turning to segment performance starting with AWM on slide five. The Advice & Wealth Management business is performing well across key growth and activity metrics, and delivered solid financial results, particularly given the market volatility. Revenue was up 6% to $1.3 billion, largely driven by an $18 billion increase in assets. While total expenses increased 5% year-over-year, it was driven by higher distribution expense. We kept G&A expenses essentially flat year-over-year, while still investing in key business growth initiatives, including more productive experienced advisor recruits, advisory platform product expansion, and investments to improve the ease of doing business for advisors and clients. This resulted in earnings of $220 million, up 13%, and a record margin of 17.3%, up 110 basis points from last year. Let's look a bit more closely at the drivers of AWM's profitability improvement on slide six. We continued to generate good growth in advisor productivity, which reached a record level of $512,000, up 9% compared to last year. Productivity improved nicely in the franchise channel, which reached $532,000, up 8%, and we saw more substantial growth in the employee channel, where productivity increased to $433,000, up 12% from last year. Improved advisor productivity along with strong experienced advisor recruiting and expense discipline continues to support strong margin expansion. Margins have grown 350 basis points since 2013, when we established our 20%-plus margin opportunity. Looking at it by channel, margins in the more established franchise channel are now 18%. Margins in the employee channel were almost 12% this quarter and continue to expand nicely. Over time, we intend to drive employee channel margin expansion, and they should approach the level of the franchise channel. We remain focused on driving improved profitability through continued productivity improvements, as well as recruiting and retaining advisors. In addition, we see the opportunity for margin expansion when short rates rise. We have approximately $20 billion in client cash sweep accounts earning about 22 basis points. Since we have not benefited from short rates yet, we would expect a substantial margin lift when the Fed funds rate increases. Together these growth dynamics demonstrate the strength of our model, success of strategies to grow this business, and the opportunity we have to drive profitability even higher. Our strong performance on the absolute basis is matched by our strong relative performance as you'll see on slide seven. Our AWM segment revenues are almost $1.3 billion, which is a 9% CAGR over the past two years. Over that same time period, our margins have expanded 340 basis points, substantially surpassing the margin expansion of peers. We believe our growth has been quite competitive on a relative basis, including relative to other large wire houses and online brokers that benefited from banking and market-making activities. Asset Management continues to provide a solid contribution to Ameriprise's revenue and earnings as you'll see on slide eight. Operating net revenues declined 1% to $832 million. However, the year-over-year comparison is distorted by the timing of the COL (sic) [CLO] (21:45) liquidation of $23 million in the prior year, and an unfavorable $17 million impact from foreign exchange translation in the current quarter. Adjusting for these items, underlying revenue growth was about 3%. Pre-tax operating earnings were down 1% to $197 million. Again, adjusting for the timing of a $17 million CLO liquidation in the prior year, and an unfavorable $6 million impact for foreign exchange translation, underlying earnings were up approximately 12%. Expenses continue to be tightly managed, and we were essentially flat, adjusting for the items I just described. We remain focused on maintaining profitability and margins at the current level, while investing in growth initiatives to improve flows. Turning to Annuities on slide nine. Annuities pre-tax operating earnings were $150 million, down 12% from last year. However, the prior-year results included several items distorting the year-over-year comparison. Adjusting for these items, earnings increased 6%. Underlying variable annuity pre-tax earnings grew 7% from a year ago to $123 million, when we adjust for the year-over-year impact of clients moving to managed volatility funds and mean reversion. While the move of clients to managed volatility funds drove a significant initial earnings benefit last year, it also improved the risk profile of the block. Underlying earnings growth was driven by higher account values of variable annuities sold through our own advisor channel and the runoff of the closed block distributed through third-parties. Fixed annuity pre-tax operating earnings was flat at $30 million, as the benefit of repricing the block was offset by elevated lapses. Lapse rates are in line with our expectations given the current interest environment. There are limited new sales and, as a result, this book is expected to gradually run off, and earnings will slowly decline. Turning to the Protection segment on next two slides. Protection pre-tax operating earnings were $72 million in the quarter, impacted by $48 million of CAT losses in Auto & Home, and an $18 million reserve release related to our long term care disabled life reserve, both of which were previously disclosed. Let's focus on the Life & Health business first. Underlying Life & Health pre-tax operating earnings were impacted by higher claims activity and a lower interest rate environment. On the claims side, life claims were elevated in the quarter and slightly higher than expected. While disability claims were still quite good in the quarter, they were higher than a very favorable experience in the prior year. I would like to take a few minutes to discuss the long time care disabled life reserve review that we conducted in the quarter. As you are aware, we announced $32 million reserve increase in the first quarter, following a review of our claims reserve based upon information we received from Genworth. After reviewing the documents we received from Genworth, we decided to engage a third-party consultant to validate their analysis. This additional review identified that actual claims and termination experience for our block was more favorable than the information Genworth initially indicated. As such, we released $18 million of claims reserve that had been booked in the first quarter. We are working with Genworth to improve the accuracy of the data provided and enhance the processes associated with setting the claims reserves. The reserve review conducted over the past couple of quarters is related to claims reserves only, since we used data from Genworth to set that reserve. The adequacy of the active life reserve is determined using our own data and is reviewed regularly. As part of our annual unlocking process, we will evaluate all of the non-equity market assumption across our life, LTC, and annuity products in the third quarter. Let's turn to Auto & Home on slide 11. The Auto & Home business had an operating loss in the quarter, which was clearly impacted by the significant level of CAT losses. We planned for $23 million of CAT losses, but actual CAT losses came in at $48 million. This was driven by higher exposure to the central part of the country that experienced an elevated level of severe weather in the quarter. Underlying Auto & Home results reflect the current year loss ratio provision. As you recall, we are booking reserves for the 2015 accident year at a level consistent with the 2014 accident year loss ratio assumption we changed in the fourth quarter. As we discussed last quarter, we are continuing to phase in changes to our pricing to risk models, enhance claims and underwriting processes, and improve operations. We are seeing clear indications that the changes we are making are working. There has been a slowdown in new policy sales across product lines with the most material decline in auto. We are on target to achieve marginal profitability for Auto & Home, excluding excess CAT losses in 2015 with a more meaningful improvement to earnings in 2016. Let's turn to the balance sheet on slide 12. Our balance sheet fundamentals are strong. We have approximately $2.5 billion of excess capital. Our risk-based capital ratio is estimated to be approximately 560%. Our hedge program is effective, and our investment portfolio is well-diversified. Our business mix shift is continuing to generate strong free cash flow, allowing us to return a substantial amount to shareholders. Given the share price in the quarter and our current valuation, we accelerated the level of share repurchase. We returned $549 million to shareholders through share repurchase and dividends, which is our highest quarterly level. This equates to over 125% of operating earnings. As always, we will continue to monitor both the macro environment and our relative valuation, and look to bring down our excess capital over time. In summary, Ameriprise delivered another good quarter of financial results. Our growth engine remains the AWM business, where strong fundamentals will continue to drive margin expansion. In Asset Management, we are maintaining competitor profitability and our business initiatives are focused on improving flows. The Annuity business is delivering sound growth with an improved risk profile. Life & Health earnings remain solid and we're taking the necessary steps to improve the financial performance of the Auto & Home business going forward. Our business mix transition to higher growth, higher fee businesses is ongoing and generates strong free cash flow. And all of this rests on a solid balance sheet and enterprise risk management framework, and is clearly driving shareholder value. With that, I will open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. My first one is around Advice & Wealth Management. You saw net revenues continue to grow pretty nicely, roughly in line with the growth in productivity. I guess I'm curious, Jim, whether you saw any significant change in the underlying mix of the sales by product? And I know, for example, last quarter, you saw a fairly late contribution from Annuity sales. And I'm assuming that picked up this quarter with the overall VA sales growth.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's correct. What we have seen is, again, strong take-up, again in our fee-based wrap businesses. We've seen an increase in our sales on the guaranteed, on the annuities side. Things like various transactional business and brokerage, such as REITs, are very low. It represents about – less than 1%, around 1% of our sales activity. So, it is really, again, sort of the core products and services that we have offered. We have seen a good flow improvement and good activity across our network.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then anything this quarter that you'd characterize as a – sort of, a noticeable early impact from advisors, maybe, shifting some business in response to the DOL proposal, recognizing it is only a proposal?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Not at all. In fact, our advisors feel very good about what they do for the consumer, whether in qualified or non-qualified. We've had a pretty consistent mix. We get unbelievable satisfaction levels from our clients and they are really very comfortable and happy with – achieving their retirement goals, if it's in their – against their retirement needs. So, in fact, we think we're well-situated based on the business that we do. And again, the products that we sell in are needs-based. So, at the end of the day, I think we're doing what we need to do appropriately, consistent with both the regulatory, but more importantly, from a client need and disclosure perspective.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you. And then I just have two real quick ones in Asset Management. G&A seemed a bit higher than, I guess, I would have expected. It's not that significant, maybe it's about $5 million or so. Just curious whether we should think about the $345 million of G&A in the quarter as a run rate, or if there was anything unusual there in the second quarter?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, I think the only unusual is, as Jim mentioned, I think, we launched our brand. And, certainly, we had the expense in there, but we believe the expenses will just be on its normal run rate.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and we did the relocation of the Threadneedle premises in London. So, we had some additional expense there, so.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): And then on the fee rate, it looks like you're starting to really see some upward momentum there. I guess I'm curious, based on what you're seeing in the underlying mix shift. I know you said some of the legacy outflows, maybe were elevated this quarter and maybe that had some impact. But how much further do you think that fee rate can go, let's say, over the next couple of years, based on sort of an underlying mix shift there, Jim?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we had a little uptick in some of the fees from the performance fees in the quarter, which, you know, are not – doesn't happen on an equal basis every quarter, but there, I think there is a little more on the performance fee basis there.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I do believe, as you said, some of the legacy lower fee coming out, and over time, I think, as we build a bit more on the institutional through third-party or some of the solutions, will be higher. Unfortunately, the Acorn was a little higher fee that we lost on the retail side. So if we can stem that and continue to get some growth in the sales as we saw in the other retail channels like international and even domestic, I think we can offset that and start to add. But I would just say the bit of increase I think you saw was just a little lumpy from some of the performance fees.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): That's helpful. Thanks a lot, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to start with the capital deployment. So could you maybe explain a little more the rationale behind the elevated buybacks this quarter compared to I think a very consistent $350 million quarterly run rate the last three years? And can we extrapolate from that, or think of an elevated new run rate going forward?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's Walter. Again, as we've always indicated that we have the capacity and we will evaluate both the environment and our valuation, and we felt in this quarter that it was warranted to take that up. We did take it up $75 million. We will continue to evaluate that. We certainly have the capacity to do that. And I think at this stage, we're going to be opportunistic as we look into for the remainder of the year.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then in Advice & Wealth Management, the recruiting efforts clearly were quite strong, and then you say the pipeline remains strong as well. Do you see any impact from the DOL proposal there? Do you see that impacting your recruiting capabilities?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think one of the things, again – the DOL will – once we exactly know what finally they come out with, we'll understand some of the implications. But we're probably situated very well in the type of business that we do, how we work with clients. We operate under a fiduciary standard across our network today. We have very strong compliance structures and it's one of the benefits of people coming to us. They like how we handle our centralized compliance, our disclosures, et cetera. We have a very strong client value proposition. And so we've seen a very strong, good pipeline of highly productive people both in our employee and franchisee channel. The pipeline remains strong. So, no, we feel pretty good about it. Again, we're not – I think we're in good shape relative to the industry in general. I don't see any differences between us or the industry when you look at it from a DOL. In fact, I think we're very well prepared because we have a very strong advisory relationship around our financial planning activities today and our retirement value proposition. So, again, we don't know exactly where the final regulation will come out, but I think you can see very strong responses out there from the industry, from the associations, even the regulators like FINRA. I just saw a note going out from the SEC Governor. I mean, so there are a lot of responses out there that hopefully the DOL would understand what they need to accomplish. We're very supportive of that objective. We think we can satisfy that objective very well. But, again, it's the way they go about doing it I think is where the rub is.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And a quick final question, if I could, also on the AWM segment. So I think you mentioned in the script that you're expanding into clients in the accumulation phase. And would that mean that we should expect some maybe offsetting productivity pressure coming on the revenue per head just because you are now targeting individuals that are probably not quite at the same level of net worth that the existing base is?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, not at all. In fact, I think it'd actually be a great complement. What we are doing, we're rolling out to our advisors right now, we've done a lot of work and research, both a combination of our brand, our value proposition, our Confident Retirement approach, Confident Retirement accumulation approach. We've built our – our heritage is based on accumulation for retirement, so I actually believe that we can serve the higher end of the mass affluent, and the affluent quite well and those really accumulating for retirement, the generation X coming up, et cetera. So it's really getting our advisors a little more focused on going back to that opportunity and combination, and it's really against the upper market here. So I actually think it will be a good opportunity for us and complement to what we do, and longer term to build long-term relationships as we have in the past.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking my questions again.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Good morning. Thank you. Question for you, guys, again on margins in the AWM. So clearly, really nice trajectory, nice expansion so far. As we look out and kind of thinking of the current environment stage, sort of, what it's been for the last kind of six months, maybe a little bit more a range bound market, how quickly do you think you'll be able to get that 17% margin that you have, the 17.3%, slightly higher which I guess, you guys are targeting closer to 18%, assuming no higher interest rates?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, Alex, I think as we said, I mean, we moved the needle pretty well and pretty fast over the last number of years, going first at our 12% target, then to 15%, now we're in the 17% and change rate here. So I think if we continue to – just continue to execute, help our advisors just continue to drive their productivity and get our asset flow as we continue to focus our business even more on moving our center to a bit more on the affluent space, uptaking some of the tools and capabilities we're putting in place, we're coming in with a new branding approach at the end of the year. We have a new wealth builder approach for accumulators. So we're recruiting pretty well. The people we're bringing in are higher productivity. We're attracting a good number of people in the higher end. So I think we're doing the things. What that means quarter-to-quarter, I can't tell you, and I can't dictate sort of the market dynamics of just – but I think that in combination, we know at hopefully one point this year, the Fed is going to start to rise. Remember, we don't have contracts that are rolling off as some others where they're locked in. We're actually at a low point, so any benefit there goes right to the bottom line for us as well. So I think we're situated well, and I think we're going to continue to work against that. We don't necessarily just focus on a margin improvement; we focus on a strength and growth in the entire channel that leads to that margin.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Alex, it's Walter. I'll just add, if I could. As we talked about it, the employee channel certainly has been one that has demonstrated an improvement in its margin, and again, as we bring on years, and certainly a higher productive years, and they start building up productivity, they're making a greater contribution to the fixed, and that will also continue to go. So I think there's a lot of things in play that will continue. Again, you can't just predict quarter-to-quarter, as Jim said.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right, understood. Thanks. And I guess, shifting gears a little bit on the Asset Management business, can you just give us a since on the low margin fixed-income portfolio that you're saying U.S. Trust has been sourcing. And just from a modeling perspective, help us understand how much it is and what's kind of the fee rate on that business. And then, Jim, you highlighted continued strength in the institutional pipeline. It would be helpful to kind of get us a sense at least directionally where that stands maybe relative to last quarter as we think about the kind of Columbia Institutional flows ahead.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I don't know the exact number at U.S. Trust, but we're probably $1.2 billion or something like that. I'm not exactly positive. But it's more of some separate accounts, their lower fee. For us, it's not, though, they are a higher-margin business at all. But, again, it's something that makes sense for U.S. Trust as what they're doing. It's not a major to us, but I just figured, I noted it, because we sometimes look at the flow number rather than necessarily the revenue. From a perspective on institutional, it's quite strong. The pipeline's quite strong. The fee rate is quite good. We're getting mandates both domestically as well as internationally. Europe is picking up. We think there is good opportunity for us, as we continue to look out. And again, we don't know exactly when those things go, and when they eventually even if you win them fund only because people are looking at the market situation, the geopolitical interest rates. But having said that, I think we got a wide range of good pipeline there that we're competing with, and hopefully that will continue to show some strength.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. First question on DOL. So, you have had three months or so since that proposal has come out, and I recognize it's still fluid and there might be changes, but just curious if you've done an internal analysis to assess, kind of, the range of potential impacts that you think this might have on your business? That's my first question. I realize you haven't disclosed anything publicly, but have you done something internally yet, in a fairly comprehensive way, to assess potential impact? That's my first question.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I think as – we, as a business look at it, as many have, you don't have clarity yet of what the regulation is. There's an exemption that people say, yes, you can definitely sell an annuity, et cetera. And then some would say, well, maybe you can't. So, at the end of the day, it really depends on how you interpret that. It's not as clear. What I could say to you is this – and this is one, maybe, that would be helpful in you analyzing it. We are a business that serves our clients for all of their life needs, including retirement. So, roughly 50% of our assets in qualified, similar to others in this industry. In that regard, we have a majority of what we do in investment business in the qualified through advisory fees. We're one of the biggest and best-growing in the industry against that and we have strong platform capability to continue to drive that, if that's where the world goes appropriately. But we do look at the needs of our client. We do put them in the product that's appropriate to them, and that's what we're asking the DOL to make sure that they look at the best interest of the client. And best interest may not necessarily be what they think at the upset. And you can see that from many firms in their comment letters, including, whether it's FINRA, the SEC, you can look at it from the associations, you can even look at it from even major brokerage and even investment firms, including those in ETFs that have made the similar statements. So, I think, at the end of the day, that's what we're saying. But, from a mix perspective, same thing with annuities, most of our business is in guarantees, which the Treasury Department said is important. If you looked what that would have done to the consumer not having those products in the last downturn, it was significant. But we're no different than the entire insurance industry, annuity providers selling annuities and the percentage we have in qualified is similar. So, we're not an outlier in any of those things. Now, how is this interpreted across the industry? I think all of us can come to a little different equation on that. But, I don't think anyone knows for sure. So that's what we're saying. And if we just quantify things based on how we interpret versus how others interpret, I've looked at what others said, whether that's correct or not, I don't know. So I think that's what we're saying is until we know more, until you know more, until we know after this comment period and after what the FCC comes out with, but once that happens, we'll be very clear of what that means and how we can respond to it. I would just say that we have very strong capability here. We serve our clients well. We have an unbelievable level of disclosure and compliance today. We know how to serve people with the best interest and across our entire network of advisors. And so we'll be able to respond. Hopefully, it will be against what the DOL truly wants as their objective that would make it efficient and appropriate for us to do that, so we can serve even the smaller consumer.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful, Jim. And then, I guess, just a follow-up on that. Yeah, and I hear what you are saying, in terms of there is a fair amount of latitude and discretion you can probably use to interpret the context of the proposal at this point, so it would probably be pretty hard to quantify. So, let me ask it in a slightly different way. If you had to look at some of the areas or issues out there, do you legitimately see this being a bigger issue for – we'll say, revenue momentum in the Advice & Wealth business, fee pressure in the Asset Management business, or just the overall cost associated with the implementation of this? If you look at those three areas, what would...
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it would be – let me give an example. I mean, if, let's say, one product becomes more difficult to sell, you're going to over time switch that to other products or services that make appropriate sense for the client and do that orchestration, so from a revenue longer term, I'm not sure that's – there may be some period, because you're trying to figure out what that is, and how to actually do that and put that in place. But even there, it depends on the lead time that is provided in this. And again, that's another issue. I don't think based on what they want done, that lead time is at all reasonable for many providers. And we're probably one of the best that have the technology capability and clients' capability, et cetera, to do it as quick as anyone. So I would just say that's one aspect you got to take in account. The second aspect I think you take into account is, the change in what's required in there. And again, based on what was originally spent, you're talking about extensive changes that would be required from a client, a disclosure, a change in what they're looking at, a level of information, down to account holder. I mean, so all of that provided, it's a little mind-boggling. I mean, you're seeing some of the quotes across some consultants said to that (50:26). So again it's hard to jump at any of that and say that's ultimately what will come out. I think the biggest issue more than anything that would be confusing to a player like us is this: how does that align with the regulations already in place? Will the SEC change what they're require and how to think about it? I mean, there's a lot of case law behind this. There's a lot of regulations built over very informed information over decades that people follow in this industry, not just for Ameriprise, but every broker-dealer, every investment firm, every product company selling their products. And so all of those things or it's the level of complexity that we say, what's the unintended consequence? So, again, that's why I'm not sitting here overreacting to it. I think it has to get sorted out, it has to be rational, it has to be ability to serve the client. Remember, there's 100 million-plus U.S. retail consumers saving for retirement. And so, again, as I said, I think Ameriprise is well situated. I think we have a great value proposition. Yes, any change, you always have to look at how you respond to it, but hopefully this will get very rational, because we're probably one of the first firms to say we want to serve clients in the best interest. And we do that today. So I can't answer your question yet. I wish I could. And I know it's what you're all saying as one of the implications for us, but I would just say if you look at the financial services industry, you look at a retail investment firm like us, and you look at product companies, we are situated as well as anyone.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No, that's good perspective. I appreciate it. Just one last question, just on, Walter, you'd mentioned you're preparing for your annual review of FAS 60 and FAS 97 products and I guess you do that every third quarter. My specific question is long term care, I know you did the claims review. Can you comment on active life, whether that's a risk of a reserve charge? I think you've been losing a little bit of money, or roughly breakeven, a small loss every quarter on an operating basis. Should we be looking at that as a potential risk here?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think we're looking at – specifically, we want to go to long term care. We're looking at all of the products annuity and other products. And as we evaluate it there are a lot of positive elements within it as we look at different factors. Certainly, one of them as you're aware is the interest rate, which will be part of the evaluation. We've made no judgments at this stage, certainly where we thought the interest rates would be at this time last year is certainly lower, and we will evaluate all those factors. But nothing pops out from the standpoint that we are concerned about other than just looking at where the interest rates are at this stage, all the other behavioral aspects, certainly our price increases, other things, we're very confident that's what the actuaries are doing right now.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS. Please go ahead.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning. I just want to go to Auto & Home for a second. Just given the consolidation in the property casualty industry as well as your comments about the turnaround maybe taking some time, have you given any more thought to a more, I guess, a sooner exit of that business?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Suneet, as we look at – so let me start with this. I do believe that what we are able to do with the business, because the business is quite strong. We've had the business, evaluated its model. It has one of the best distribution-type platforms. It's one of the lowest-cost providers in the industry, et cetera. It has one of the highest customer satisfaction. In fact, it was rated second from the big rating company that usually you hear about, but you can't just necessarily talk about. So I would just say there are tremendous attributes we already have. So it's not a problem for us to grow what other people have. It's more of we had to put in place a bit enhancements on some of the areas that have changed a little bit in the industry. We're tightening a little underwriting, adjusting pricing, a little more sophistication around that. Getting a little more, what we would call, expedited on some of our claims, adding some resources there, rather than relying on third-party. So there are a number of things that we're doing that are well-known that the industry and we can do. And we have the right resources that we've put in place to get that done. So we actually feel very good about our ability and that this will add to nice earnings next year and the year after, even more substantially. So I think that would be a positive as you think about it, and also a carrier for the business. Now having said that, we do recognize what's happening in the industry. We do recognize the level of consolidation. So we'll always think about how to evaluate that, but again, I don't feel like this is something that wouldn't add tremendous value to Ameriprise one way or the other over time.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Suneet, it's Walter. The only thing I just want to clarify is, again, all the initiatives we're talking about are pretty much on track. Certainly, the heavier CAT that we experience that will certainly change the profitability. But the other initiatives and where we think this – and how long it's going to take is pretty much on track.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Your question is good. It's appropriate. We always do think about and evaluate it. So, again, we'll see as the world in the future.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, I appreciate those comments. But at the end of the day, it's not making any money. I'm spending a disproportionate amount of my time talking to investors about a business that, frankly, I just don't see why it adds value to your company. It just seems like it doesn't fit. And, like I said, there's consolidation in P&C. I just still scratch my head and try to figure out why it merits the amount of attention that you are spending on it.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, Suneet, I appreciate your perspective. And, certainly, as we look at – this is not the return, not the way we want. But we do believe the basic underlying is quite strong and we're fixing it. And then, as Jim said, it's not core. We'll evaluate it. But it's something that we put the resources in, dedicate it and are turning it around and then have to evaluate it (57:10). This is not the way – the sort of returns and characteristics that we would want from one of our businesses.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Or have had in this business.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's right. This business has actually, many years ago, it actually had returns. We certainly have seen it and it has substantial potential. Your perspective is certainly is valued.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Appreciated, right. Thanks.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just a couple of quick others. On the JHS Capital Advisors, I'm just curious if – can you give us some background in terms of how that deal came about? Is that something that you approached them? Or did they come to you? Just want to get some sense in terms of how that deal came about.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Actually, we have the capability – or we've been looking at many different ways of evaluating the environment, and certainly we have a group of people that look at and assess. And it was a combination, I think. And we assessed both their – in fact, they had an employee base and franchise base. And conversations evolved. And it was really we do look, and we basically reached out to them.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then just a follow-up on Yaron's question. I mean, I know we're not talking about DOL on specific terms, but would it be unreasonable to think that if the DOL proposal sort of passes as it's currently drafted that there could be further consolidation in Advice & Wealth Management?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, listen, I think one of the things that we're finding out there is advisors, even that have moved to a level of independence, et cetera, are recognizing that today's environment is a bit more difficult to do business in, and that they're looking for a firm that would give them the support for a range of things, including having good strong compliance in place. So I mean, we're attracting independents back into our franchisee channel for those reasons. So it's not far to say if expenses and people don't have the right scale or appropriateness to respond to changes that that will cause some further level of consolidation. I would say, again, we've made a lot of investments in our company in technology, in marketing, in compliance, in training, in development support. So, again, I think we're well-situated, if that continues to come about.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Erik Bass from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, thank you. Just wanted to come back to capital management. I was hoping you could update us a little bit on how you are thinking about your excess capital, as it has now been around $2.5 billion for an extended period? I guess, is there a level you intend to keep as either a buffer or as dry powder for M&A? And, if not, what are the factors, other than just your stock price, influencing how quickly you would return that to shareholders?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, okay. It's Walter. The level of capital has been at $2.5 billion, again, as we do – and certainly we generate a substantial amount of capital and then we've been, certainly, using it to return to shareholders. We certainly don't lock and load at $2.5 billion. And it is opportunistic. And, as I indicated, we will certainly start returning more to and we'd evaluate. We have the ability and we're constantly assessing both the environment and the opportunities out there as we evaluate to basically inorganically or organically and return to shareholders. So, I would say that we will start now, as we talked about. It's not our objective to keep $2.5 billion that we will – you should see us deploying that capital. But we do generate a lot and we anticipate still continue to generate a lot as the mix shift and other things take place in the way we manage the required capital.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And, again, we – if you look over the last number of years, we've been returning more than 100% of our earnings, and that's because we have been able, as Walter said, through the mix shift, through freeing up capital in certain lines and better risk management again (01:01:17) and changing some of our investment portfolio, et cetera. So, I think we've been generating more, even though we've been returning it, which is a good thing.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Certainly, a good problem to have. I guess, is there a level of capital you want to keep for inorganic opportunities, if they do arise?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we always said that we would maintain a level of flexibility. Again, it depends, if there's a strong opportunistic reason that we should buy back a lot more because of the stock – we think the value is way low or something, that's one thing. But on the other side, we always said that we wanted to maintain some flexibility. But that doesn't have to be $2.5 billion for some additional acquisitions or things that come along that may fit in nicely that we can easily duct in and get some good shareholder return. I think the nature of it was that, over the last number of years, we've just been able to free up a lot of capital, even though we've been returning it, and that's why it's been roughly about $2.5 billion.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it, thanks. And just one quick question, just on the tax rate, if you could talk about what drove the lower tax rate this quarter? And I guess, Walter, do you think of the 26% rate being sustainable beyond 2015? Or how should we think about taxes going forward?
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I would – It's strictly 2015. And, certainly, as we go through the year, we evaluate all of the moving parts, as it relates to the business mix, other factors that go in, our tax planning, and the tax rate is – again, quarters, they always deviate a little, but the 26%, we're reasonably comfortable is the achievable number for 2016. And then we will evaluate going forward. That's about as far as I would look at this stage.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. But we should think of it gradually increasing over time, I would assume, as your mix shifts more towards businesses with 35% tax rate.
Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, the marginal tax rate, yeah. And, again, with the – it is the 35%, but certainly we do a lot of tax planning with the mix of business we have. So, right now the 26% is there, and then we just evaluate on the marginal as it changes, and then whatever tax planning we do.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes our Q&A session. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity - IR James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter S. Berman - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Erik James Bass - Citigroup  Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Eric Berg - RBC Suneet Kamath - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia A. Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks we'll be happy to take your questions. During the call you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance.  These forward-looking statements speak only as of today and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2014 annual report to shareholders and our 2014 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. I'll begin by providing my perspective on the quarter and the progress we are making. Walter will follow me with a detailed review of the numbers.  Overall Ameriprise had another good quarter and was situated well. However higher equity market volatility, unfavorable foreign exchange and continued low interest rate did effect results as did the long-term care reserves increase. That said, our capital position, ability to generate good free cash flow and deploy capital, all remained excellent. For the quarter our operating earnings per share were up 7%. From a return on equity perspective we continued to deliver.  With a combination of solid business results and significant capital return operating return on equity reached another high. Excluding AOCI we ended the quarter with operating return on equity of 23.1% and that’s up 230 basis points in the past year. Assets under management and administration grew 4% to $815 billion from client net inflows and market appreciation and that includes the negative impact of more than $17 billion from foreign exchange. We remain committed to an effective capital management and maintaining our financial strength as we continue to invest in the business while delivering differentiated shareholder return. In the first quarter we returned $459 million in share repurchase and dividends. And yesterday we announced a 16% increase to our regular quarterly dividend and we consistently increased our dividend by double digits over the years. As we stated we expect to continue to return strongly to [ph] shareholders and have targeted a 90% to 100% range of earnings annually.  In Advice & Wealth Management we are positioned well and are building on our strengths. We continue to generate good growth. Operating earnings were $210 million, up 16%. In the first quarter we did experience a little more market volatility. Overall we are serving more clients and bringing in more client assets with 8% growth in retail assets, and an increase of 30% in fee-based advisory asset under management. And for the quarter advisory net inflows were $2.8 billion. Advisor productivity also grew again by double digits, 11% year-over-year to a record $505,000 per advisor on a trailing 12 month basis. In terms of advisor recruiting we continue to attract strong candidates and they are increasingly higher producers. During the quarter another 77 experienced advisors joined Ameriprise. These advisors relate well to our strong branded advice value proposition and leadership. As we discussed with you we are working to help advisors grow their practices. As you know we share both less affluent and affluent clients. As we move forward we are making a larger commitment to serve more affluent clients who want and need advice. We are confident in our ability to serve them we believe based on the value that we provide that this will become an even larger percentage of our client base.  We also want to provide comprehensive advice to more Americans. We know from our research that our confident retirement approach and advice value proposition resonate even more strongly with affluent consumers. Our brand and reputation appeal to these consumers so this is a long term effort to drive growth.  In addition to the affluent market we are also looking to serve more consumers who are still cumulating well in earnest close to retirement. In terms of investments for growth advisors are benefiting from our online and paperless office capabilities that are both integrated and time saving. They are using our digital and social media to create brand awareness for their practices, generate leads as well as deepen relationships with current clients. Overall we are growing nicely in AWM. Both client and advisor satisfaction remained strong and we are focused on helping advisors expand their client base and grow productivity. As we move to insurance and annuities we are focused on driving advisor uptake of our solutions, while we maintain the differentiated strength of our risk profile. These are high quality businesses that deliver important benefits to our clients at Ameriprise, especially as we expand our Confident Retirement approach serve more consumers. Year-over-year operating earnings were down but they were items from the current and previous quarter that Walter will discuss. In terms of the annuity business, variable annuity account balances were up slightly on market growth and $1.2 billion in new sales, down slightly from a year ago and consistent with the industry. That said we have seen a pickup in sales of VAs without living benefits, reflecting good wholesaling activity and a positive reaction to educating clients and advisors about the advantages these products can provide. Sales of VAs without living benefits represent about a third of total VA sales in the quarter up from 25% a year ago. There is really no change in fixed annuities given the current rate environment.  In protection we continue to work with our advisors on the benefits of insurance for our clients. Life and health care sales were down a bit year-over-year which we believe is also consistent with the industry. Our overall client retention in these solutions continue to be very good which helps enhance the long term nature of the Ameriprise client and advisory relationship. In auto and home, we built a strong business with our affinity relationships and are pleased to have renewed the Costco contract. They are an important client and we will continue to offer their customers excellent value.  We are focused on improving overall auto and home returns through changes in pricing underwriting and claims management to get back to historical performance levels. We are taking the right steps to strengthen the business and believe we can properly grow and serve more clients as we move forward.  With asset management we are executing our strategy as we go to market more globally. Our assets under management for this business are just over $0.5 trillion, reflecting significant headwind of more than $17 billion of foreign exchange that I mentioned earlier. Financially we generated good operating earnings of a $191 million in the quarter and have compelled [ph] adjusted net pretax operating margins of nearly 40%. In terms of where we are putting our time and attention, we are investing and aligning resources to leverage the strength of both Columbia and Threadneedle. As you saw we introduced our new global brand, Columbia Threadneedle Investments a few weeks ago. The new brand represents the combined resources, capabilities and reach of both firms. Moving to a global brand was a natural next step of the business as our teams have been working together for more than two years for the benefit of our clients.  In third party institutional, we have further aligned the resources to run it globally. Our current pipeline is quite strong as we continue to build on the traction we gained in 2014. We are looking for our institutional business to be a growing and larger part of our overall asset management business as we move forward. Though we had outflows in the quarter they were mainly driven by funding delays caused by market volatility. We are expecting a number of large mandates to fund over the next few quarters. Part of our future growth will come from the solutions space. We continue investing in talent, product and capabilities and in building our large base of assets under management and we see this as a good opportunity.  During the quarter we began to gain traction in our fairly new Columbia adaptive risk allocation fund. In regards to retail we made a number of changes in U.S. intermediary distribution. We are beginning to see positive signs from our segmentation strategy and enhanced business intelligence efforts to improve wholesaler productivity. And we are better aligning product, marketing and sales support functions to gain share. We have seen some improvement. However it’s been obscured by the elevated outflows in the Acorn Fund. Our investment team is taking steps to address the fund’s performance but we expect continued outflow pressure here.  In the UK and Europe retail flows are beginning to improve with the outlook of Europe becoming more favorable with their larger program of quantitative easing. And in Asia we are generating good performance in funds we launched last year. And now that we are nearing our one year anniversary we are starting to garner some interest.  Our investment teams in the U.S. and internationally are generating strong equity and fixed income investment performance across a broad range of products, both domestically and internationally. So in asset management we are continuing our efforts to drive flows and align resource to lever the strength of Columbia and Threadneedle.  Overall with regard to Ameriprise we are generating good performance in our asset light businesses and very strong cash flow. This gives us the ability to continue to invest in our business as well as return to shareholders through continuation of our buyback program as well as increases in our dividend. And with our strong capital base we also have the ability to continue to look for small acquisitions that can add to our strategy and complement the company. Before I close I want to take a minute to comment on the DOL’s fiduciary rule proposal. Like many of the firms across the financial services industry serving the retirement market, we are carefully reviewing the proposal’s hundreds of pages to understand its objectives and potential implications. There are a number of steps that need to take place before any changes will be made, including the 75 day common period and subsequent review by the administration.  We won’t advocate [ph] for the importance of access to financial advice for all Americans and providing clients’ choice and products and services they use to reach their goals. Our high client satisfaction and long-term relationships stem from this comprehensive personal approach. In fact Ameriprise already operates as a fiduciary under the SEC standard for advice when we are acting in an investment advisory capacity. We have established policies and procedures to support our clients and advisors, including extensive and appropriate disclosures which puts us in a good position. We are at the starting point of the rule making process and any final rule would impact many firms serving more than 100 million American saving for retirement. Therefore we must take into account both the intended and the unintended consequences, the details do matter. We want to make sure that the creation of a new third standard would not be overly burdensome for clients and would work with the existing SEC and FINRA standards. We have dealt with regulatory changes before and we will work with our trade associations and other stakeholders throughout this process to advocate for our clients with the goal of most appropriately satisfying the DOL’s objectives. In closing, as we execute our strategy for growth I believe we can continue to navigate the markets, deliver a terrific experience for our clients and advisors while generating good return for our shareholders. With that I would like to hand things over to Walter for a detailed review of the numbers.
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. As Jim indicated Ameriprise delivered another solid quarter financial results in the face of a fairly volatile market environment. Let me provide some additional context. Equity market volatility was elevated at the start of the year. Interest rates also moved a lot during the quarter, with the 10 year treasury rate starting the year at 2.17%, falling to 1.64% at the end of January and settling at 1.92% at the end of the quarter, and the strength of the dollar did impact AUM and earnings at Threadneedle. These environmental factors impacted revenue and earnings directly, as well as influence activity levels with retail and institutional clients. With that as context let’s look at the results in the quarter.  Operating net revenue was $2.9 billion, up 3% from last year. Operating EPS was $2.18 and included a few one-time items. We increased reserves on a long-term care block by $0.11 per share. Additionally there were a variety of smaller items netting to a negative $0.02 per share that we detailed in the earnings release. Excluding these one-time items operating EPS was $2.31, up 13% from last year. And operating return on equity reached a new record level of 23.1%, which is above our target range of 19% to 23%. Turning to slide four, you will see that our business mix shift continues to evolve. Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management represents 64% of pretax operating earnings this quarter and as we grow we expect the mix shift will continue and should reach 70%. We continue to expand margins in Advice & Wealth Management reaching 17.1% this quarter. Margins in the employee channel were over 10% in the quarter and were over 18% in franchise channel. This demonstrates the strength of our model, the success of our strategies to grow this business and the opportunity we have to drive profitability even higher. Asset management margins were a solid 39.7% in the quarter on an adjusted basis, reflecting continued good expense discipline. Let’s turn to the segments on slide five, Advice & Wealth Management business is performing quite well across key growth and activity metrics and delivered solid financial results, particularly given the market conditions. Revenue is up 7% to $1.2 billion with good client flows and market appreciation, partially offset by slower sales in a couple of product areas and the impact from volatile markets. We kept G&A expenses flat year-over-year. This resulted in earnings of $210 million, up 16% and a record margin of 17.1%, up 130 basis points from last year. It should be noted in a sequential basis results were impacted by having too fewer fee days this quarter than the fourth quarter, which equates to approximately $6 million of PTI. Overall the business continues to deliver consistent, good results demonstrating the strength of our business model.  Turning to asset management on slide six, operating net revenue was flat at $807 million as the benefit of market appreciation was offset by the impact of higher fee outflows from the Acorn fund Threadneedle’s U.S. equity [indiscernible] as well as $15 million unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Expenses were down 1% to $660 million, reflecting lower distribution expense and continued good G&A expense control, even with the additional relocation expense associated with the move to our new office space in London. This resulted in pretax operating earnings in the quarter of $191 million, up 4% from last year. Excluding the foreign exchange impact and the office relocation expense pretax operating earnings would have been up 8%. It should be noted that on sequential basis results were impacted by having two fewer fee days this quarter than the fourth quarter, which equates to approximately $8 million of PTI in the segment.  Turning to flows on next slide, we had net outflows of $5.8 billion in the quarter. Retail net outflows were $3 billion, with outflows concentrated in a number of areas we have previously discussed, namely $2.3 billion in the Acorn fund and approximately $600 million from the former parent affiliated distribution and a sub advisor. Excluding these items, we are seeing some positive trends sequentially.  Retail flows in the UK and Europe improved following a slow fourth quarter and we also had a large flow into our Asian Pacific fund. We are increasing awareness and beginning to see traction with our new Colombia Adaptive Risk Allocation Fund and we are optimistic that momentum will continue and we continue to make progress to improve retail distribution in the United States. The institutional business had $2.8 billion of net outflows in the quarter. Let me provide some additional detail on the two reasons we saw a higher level of institutional outflows than in recent periods. First, we had approximately $1.8 billion of outflows from low basis point insurance mandates in the UK. This includes a normal level of [indiscernible] outflows at $800 million. Additionally it includes $950 million of outflows from [indiscernible] associated with asset reallocation to funds we do not offer. However we expect to cover some of those assets later in the year into a higher fee product, so net impact of these flows should be neutral on a revenue basis for the year.  Second; we had outflows in third party, mainly driven by a slowdown in the funding of new mandates. We expected several large mandates to fund in the quarter that will push back to the second quarter. Additionally we have redemptions in both high yield and short duration at the beginning of the year that we would expect to get back in the later part of the year. Turning to annuities on slide eight; Annuities pretax operating earnings were $172 million, down 2% from last year. However the prior year results include a significant benefit from clients moving to our managed volatility funds and the mean reversion benefit was similar in both periods. Without these items underlying annuities earnings were up 15%. Variable annuity pretax earnings grew 22% from a year ago to a $132 million, without the benefit of clients moving to managed volatility funds and mean reversions in both periods, these were driven by higher account values.  Fixed annuity pretax operating earnings decreased 10% to $28 million as account values declined. Lapse rates on LIBOR [ph] expectations following the re-pricing of our five year guarantee block that are now coming out of surrender charge period. Given the current interest environment there are limited new sales and as a result this book is expected to gradually and earnings will decline.  Let’s turn to the protection segment on slide nine. Protection pretax operating earnings were $51 million in the quarter, impacted by $32 million claim reserves strengthening for long term care. As we announced last quarter we conducted a long term care review of our claims reserve based on additional information received from Genworth, the firm that reinsures half of our long term care book and administers all of our claims. As you know this is a small closed block with no new sales since 2003. We have not seen adverse claims experience in the book and have been making appropriate premium increases since 2004. At the end of the quarter we had $2.2 billion of statutory reserves, net of reinsurance with about $400 million in claims reserve and the remainder in the active life reserves. Based on the information provided by Genworth management’s best estimate of a claim reserve resulted in a $32 million reserve increase. The most significant drivers were updates to the benefit utilization rates and claims termination rates, partially offset by a benefit from higher discount rate. After reviewing the analysis we received from Genworth we decided to engage a third party to validate their analysis. This review may result in a fine-tuning of our reserve and we anticipate that it will be completed in the second quarter. Excluding the long-term care serve increase, the life and health businesses performed in-line with expectations. We saw marginally higher claims than we have in recent quarters though still within expected ranges. The auto and home business had a modest operating loss of $4 million in the quarter. We are booking reserves for the 2015 accident year at a level consistent with the 2014 accident year loss ratio assumption we changed in the last quarter. The business was also impacted by $12 million of cat losses, of which $4 million was related to the prior year. As we discussed last quarter we are phasing in changes to our pricing to risk models, in addition to modifications to underwriting claims and operations. We are seeing early signs of improvement, specifically at targeted slowdown in sales across all product lines. For the full year we expect marginal profitability for auto and home with a more meaningful improvement to earnings in 2016. Let’s turn to the balance sheet on slide 11, our balance sheet remains strong with approximately $2.5 billion of excess capital and our risk-based capital ratio is estimated to be 630%. We continue to return over 100% of operating earnings to shareholders with $459 million distributed through dividends and share repurchase in the quarter. We remain committed to continuing to raise our dividend and announced a 16% increase yesterday. This brings our dividend payout ratio to the high 20% range.  With that we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Erik Bass with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Erik James Bass: Hi thank you. I guess we could start on department of labor issue, are there any specific buckets of revenues that you would be focused on as sort of more potentially at risk as a result of changes and I guess do you expect there could be any impact on sales of either alternative products or things like mutual funds or other products that you manufacture through the advice and wealth management channel?
James M. Cracchiolo: The department of labor as you know, there is hundreds and hundreds of pages and there are level of areas [ph], exemptions et cetera. So we as the industry are shifting through that to fully understand what they are looking to accomplish and with that how you can continue to work with your clients against their needs that they have. Explicitly within, from what we have been able to reach so far there are certain things excluded, like things like REITs et cetera that they wouldn’t sold and qualified accounts. In our business REIT as an example makes up a very small percentage of what we do and we have the ability, as an example since we work more holistically with the client, if that’s still a need we could probably deal with it by offering it in the non-qualified section of their investment asset.  So there are certain things like that that they are saying at the outset are precluded. Many other products like mutual funds et cetera, there are exemptions for as long as you have appropriate disclosures et cetera as we are currently reading it, but it’s still too early to really tell, and I think, us and many other companies across all the industries in financial services who deal with retirement will be in some way affected by it and what we want and I think many of the companies in the industry and the associations want is that we are able to continue to work with clients as their needs are requiring and appropriately do so.
Erik James Bass: Okay, thanks, that’s helpful and one follow-up question on long term care. I was just wondering why you chose to only look at assumptions and reserves for the disabled life reserve. I guess wouldn’t changing assumptions on the disabled life reserve also affect the active life reserve which I think we have seen with other companies such as Genworth where there has been an impact of the changes in assumptions on both.
Walter S. Berman: Okay, well, number one the information on the claims reserve is supplied by -- based on information supplied by Genworth. If you look at the active, there are many assumptions that go into it and including claims that we have been managing and evaluating over time [indiscernible] and we also factor in terminations, factor in price increases over longer term. So we feel that reserve is actually adequately looked at it and looked in the light of the situation information we have gotten from Genworth. So we felt the only adjustment that was needed was in the claims reserve.
Erik James Bass: Got it, so you did sort of factor in -- you made no changes to the active life reserve but you did sort of contemplate the new data relative to the assumptions that you are making and is that…?
James M. Cracchiolo: That’s correct, we have been factoring in the actual claims and looking over the full life of it, we have been doing that, so there was no -- including the upper elements like you said termination and price increase and other things that go into it, and we felt that reserve is adequate.
Erik James Bass: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley 
Nigel Dally : Great thanks, good morning. Just to follow on the DOL and the fiduciary standards, I guess in addition to the pay pressure and [indiscernible] proprietary product sales, some of it is concerned about higher compliance costs, just hope you can discuss whether that’s also a factor.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, again as we said first of all, I think relative in the industry we are probably one of the best prepared to deal with fiduciary because we are very actives fiduciary in much of our client activities today under the SEC standard. I think what I have mentioned in my opening remarks was that this establishes a third standard, and so with a third standard, of course, you are going to have additional compliance and figuring out how the third standard works perfectly with the first two standards and we are hoping that the regulators and the people who are over sighting this appropriately would take that into account and figure out how the regulations wouldn’t be overly complex to deal with, and that would be appropriate and operate with each other in an appropriate fashion.  So having said that I think that’s yet to be determined and I think that’s part of the work that needs to be done. But having said that as with any regulatory change of this extent there is going to be increased level of compliance and increased costs to get those things implemented and executed. So I would definitely say that there will be increased compliance costs. On the other side I would say at least today Ameriprise already operates with much of the compliance and supervision. We have the compliance resources already in place, but it will still increase the levels and so what you are doing now is a bit different and applies in a more special fashion to this particular activity.
Nigel Dally : Okay, thanks, that’s helpful. Second question, just on advisory, you talked about the few days impacting results and guessing that’s purely an impact on revenues doesn’t impact margins, is that correct? Also it is possible that whether it will impact client activity and if so we should expect some catch up of that business in the second quarter?
Walter S. Berman: You are right, it doesn’t impact margin, but doesn’t impact PTI and again we do believe there was too few days were aligned with the activity we have seen in the industry and we do believe that we are on track and we should recover as again markets and things of that nature.
James M. Cracchiolo: So there was, to Walter’s point of two fewer, three days that did impact the PTI that he gave you the numbers on. What I would say is a level of volatility, also a level of weather. It’s hard to break that out and clarify it but as you would imagine January was also a very difficult weather month for many parts of the country. That would have impacted advisors as well as how they served the clients. So we don’t necessarily put that in, we just saw that activity did slow a bit in the first quarter, not so much. We saw it come back stronger in February and March but January was the slowest of the months.
Nigel Dally : Okay, that’s great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning everybody and thanks for taking my question. I have few questions first. Going back to the Department of Labor proposal, I think there have been -- there’s been speculation that it would also create maybe an increase in potential losses down the road and wanted to hear your thoughts on that and maybe how you can preempt some of that, realizing that these are still early days?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, again it’s hard to say exactly what it would derive in the end. As I said it’s very important to know both the intended and the unintended consequences of anything of this substantial. And let’s remember there is a $100 million Americans being served here by all types of companies, well they be distributors or manufacturers, all types and remember it covers every one of these. So if you are selling any product into a qualified account and yes, so it’s not just relevant for someone who has a financial advisor, it could be direct players, it could be product companies et cetera and so I think one of the things that we, the industry and many of other participants in the associations are looking at is what are those activities and does it qualify [ph]. So yes you can have additional disclosure, the question is it’s unclear if you have that disclosure if you work and operate within the exemption rules, what that may result in and of course those are things that are undetermined at that this point in time. But again it’s like that with any regulatory change, we work through it, we figure out what those things are appropriate and we ensure that we supervise against it. But we have to get clear on what that exactly is. 
Yaron Kinar: All right, then turning back to our long term care, so I think you mentioned on the call that, in the script that against the assumption changes you also had an offset from an increase in the discount rate used and of course I guess it’s a little counter intuitive, just given the rate environment today. So I was wondering if you can give us little more color on what led to that. But second can you give us any sense of what was the proportion of the change, was there any way to quantify that? 
James M. Cracchiolo: What we do is when we are reviewing is, we realized that we were using a rate, discount rate was lower than our asset earning rate, that’s pretty much used in the industry, so we basically adjusted that little over than our asset earning rate to be aligned with the industry. Then on the proportions, you should figure it out on that basis it’s about somewhere near around $15 [ph] million. And the same thing was applicable to our GI [ph] because the accounting was treated the same way and we took that one, that discount rate up obviously it’s less than the long term care because of the length of duration of investment.
Yaron Kinar: And can you give us any sense of how much of a change in the discount rate that was, was it 25 basis points, 50?
Walter S. Berman: It was approximately almost 200 basis points for the long term care portion.
Yaron Kinar:
Operator: The next question is John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning everybody. My question on Advice and Wealth management first is I recognized there were two fewer fee days and that had some impact on revenues but I think you did also mentioned some softness. Can you give us a sense more what kind of impact, you feel like the softness I assume that softness was really more on the insurance sales side but maybe I am wrong, because your overall fee rate did come down quite a bit quarter-over-quarter, even if I adjust for the number of days. So I just wanted to get a sense for that, and then relatedly you are doing a terrific job managing G&A to be flat year-over-year, especially in light of investments and continued ongoing recruiting. I am just wondering if you think we should expect that G&A can remain flat, as we look forward on a year-over-year basis or if we ought to expect some increase there?
Walter S. Berman: No, it's Walter, you should expect the G&A to stand in that range. Certainly we will gauge it depending on the environment, but certainly we have a focus on scope [ph] providing to our clients, but we are very focused on maintaining the G&A, so that's a reasonable range. It could 1% or 2% but it -- certainly we are very conscious of the G&A management. And on the slowdown it is in insurance and it is in other parts, non-traded REITs but it is something that we believe in the latter part we will see a pickup and we do believe the volatility, like I said it was industry aligned and we anticipate that we will see improvement going forward.
John Nadel: And then Walter just a quick follow up on that G&A in terms of it remaining flat, should, can we think about that as flat on a dollar basis with the first quarter results or flat year-over-year?
Walter S. Berman: I would tend to say, I would look more on a total year basis, quarterly you get your seasonality coming through.
John Nadel: All right, that's helpful. And then just second question on the asset management side, margins are really solid at around 40% adjusted, without a significant change in the outlook for flows though, can we really expect that, that margin can get a whole lot better from here?
Walter S. Berman: I think the margin is that rate which is again we're talking about a pretty high rate, in the high 30s, almost 40% and yes, we are feeling the impact like we talked about the U.S equity that’s flowing off from the UK and the Acorn, so there is some pressure but I think the margin will stay in that range.
John Nadel: And you mentioned a drag on EPI from FX, I just didn't catch the number in your prepared remarks, if you can just follow up with that?
Walter S. Berman: No, I didn't give it so but it's $4 million or $5 million.
John Nadel: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Wonderful, hey, good morning everyone. So a couple of questions, I guess starting with Advice & Wealth Management business, it’s really just kind of a follow up on the last point. When we look at the distribution line, clearly there is a lot of kind of market-based assets or revenue sources in there. So I was hoping you can kind of help us isolate the decline quarter-over-quarter that came predominantly from the transactional part of the business, kind of the pure commission stuff and sounded like it’s non-traded REITs maybe some annuities. But I was wondering if you could help us isolate that and back on the outlook I was getting down 10% or 11% quarter-over-quarter, I was just wondering if you could provide more color there?
Walter S. Berman: Sure. It was in the VA and the REIT line, non-traded REITs and with the non-traded REITs we believe it's timing because there are new regulations out about disclosure, which we are working through with our advisors which we believe in the back half of the year we will pick up on that.
Alexander Blostein: And I guess given the increased scrutiny on non-traded REIT product in general and I appreciate it's still obviously very early in the Department of Labor conversation, but I guess what gives you confidence that the financial advisory industry just doesn’t start pulling back from that product ahead of time, given potential risks down the road?
Walter S. Berman: Okay, if you look at our track record and non-REITs is only the diligence we put through it and the returns it’s giving to our clients, the non-traded REITs are an important part of retirement, it well, it has liquidity elements which are certainly fit in to our time and aspect to it, it gives a return characteristic that's quite good. And so I think again we have to study it, there is as Jim said we have different elements we can put in but it’s an important product and it's worked very well for our clients.
James M. Cracchiolo: But Alex to the point reference I think again it's another product, a type of alternative product et cetera that should only be a small part of anyone's portfolio and that's the way we utilize, our advisors utilize it with their clients and it just complements some of the income streams that they are looking for. So as again I mean it's only a few percent for us in our total activities and you know if that was to change and I don't think it would be that material to us and we would look for other products that would satisfy those similar objectives.
Alexander Blostein: Yeah, no I agree with that point, just kind of curious from an industry perspective how financial advisors could react to this ahead of kind of finalized regulation. Staying I guess with AWM segment and the department of labor, I was wondering if you guys could help us with a couple of numbers, A; it would be helpful, I think to better understand what percentage of your revenues as a whole in AWM comes from a relationship that’s pretty fiduciary standard. I know you said it’s a bulk of it but I was wondered you had a number.
James M. Cracchiolo: I would say that we have a strong part of it, probably majority, a little over majority of where we do operate in a fiduciary standard, with the assets that we have. I mean we mentioned that there is a 180 some odd billion of assets under management there, those are all within a fiduciary. We also provide financial planning and advice complement to that against the entire client’s portfolio activities. And so I think it’s a reasonable portion of what we do already today, and it’s a growing portion, as our advisors continue to look at more holistically how they help their clients satisfy their objectives.  So again I think we are well situated for any continuing and we were very supportive with the SEC move to one larger fiduciary standard that would be more appropriate in how firms like us and others should operate. The question is when you get a combination of three different things going on, which we operate into both the fiduciary standard under the SEC, the FINRA standards for brokers and commission-based activities, now you overlay in a third standard and that’s really the complication of how all those three work together and what role each regulator plays and how they play it.
Alexander Blostein: Got it, understood. And then switching gears to asset management business for a minute, two questions there I guess, one on the numbers side, I was wondering if you could size the mandates that are yet to be funded in the second quarter, sorry if I missed out but it sounded like you had some slippage there? And then second question there just broadly, when, Jim your comments earlier about your business potentially shifting more towards institutional, just given the successes as you guys are having in Institutional Columbia and continued kind of struggles on the retail front, so as that business continues to evolve and move towards institutional how would the margins in that segment be impacted overtime?
James M. Cracchiolo: So I think what -- so let me answer the first one. I think what we saw and again I can’t say it was something abnormal, is we saw a number of institutions that we won mandates and we thought that they would fund within the first quarter, as we were predicting from the fourth quarter but because of the level of volatility that was experienced during the first quarter, as you saw our interest rates back going down and then backing up and in fact down again, people put a number of those things on hold, so to speak.  They didn’t say they were changing what that is, they just said that they were going to fund them a bit later. So I do believe that we expected a bit more of that come in in the first quarter and will come in over the next few quarters we think because no one has changed what they are looking to do, it’s just the timing of them doing it. And so again, we still feel good; the pipeline is as strong as ever, our win rates are good. So nothing has changed from what we were seeing in the ‘14 period other than the timing is what I am getting from our institutional business.  In regard to how we would like to grow that, very clearly we have a large institutional business today it’s not as though we are not looking to continue to grow the retail. It’s just that we think there are a level of activities, as we now have a more global platform we are working with between Columbia and Threadneedle, we are increasing the number and level of activity that we do, not just here in the States or in UK and Europe but to the Sovereigns, to Middle East and Asia and we think overtime, particularly as we add solutions and that could be a growing part of the business.  Now with that if you can grow that institutional business a bit more there are good margins if you can get continued scale in a number of those product mandates which we think we can. So I don’t think that, that would lower our margins. I think it actually would be complementary for us, and leverage a bit more of the infrastructure and investment teams we already have.
Alexander Blostein: Sure great, thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger : Thanks. Good morning. I had a follow up on the institutional flows, you mentioned the pipeline’s very strong, there were some delays in funding. I guess you had $800 million of third party institutional outflows in the quarter, based on what kind of you're seeing now, would you expect those third party flows to be positive in institutional for the balance of the year?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I think as we look at the third party yes, we would and I think Walter mentioned that of the institutional outflows we experienced $1.8 billion, and one was almost the billion from Liverpool, Victoria [ph] which is one of the large insurance mandates that we have, that was just a few basis points and it was appropriate for them as they did their reallocation from it, but they already gave us a nod to some other product that we already have, that they will be funding over the next few quarter at a much higher fee rate, that would more than offset that loss.  Zurich [ph] is the typical -- Zurich activities again basis points. So what we are looking at is for the third party business to be an inflow this year consistent with what we are seeing as a trend line last year and that's what we are still calling for at this point.
Ryan Krueger : Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then shifting to recruiting, it was pretty strong in the quarter can you just give an update on how the recruiting environment is these days and also what has been the mix of recruits into the employer versus franchise channel in, I guess in recent quarters?
James M. Cracchiolo: So recruiting continues to very good for us. As we said we added 77 new people. They were very good productivity in both channels. We are seeing higher levels of productivity from the people that we're recruiting and the pipeline continues to look good for us. We are getting, probably of the mix, I think a bit more has gone now into the employee platform and we continue to do, probably relative basis, based on the production we're bringing in. So I would say it's probably 50-50, but we are getting very strong production increases and very good ones into the employee channel.
Ryan Krueger : Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Berg with RBC.
Eric Berg: Thanks very much and good morning to everyone. I am still trying to clarify why it is that you are already under a fiduciary standard, and from my question I mean this, in my sense that as a general statement, meaning there are going to be exceptions, FINRA regulated registered reps [ph] or registered reps are regulated by FINRA and they are broker dealer, in this case Ameriprise is broker dealer and that there are generally not subject to a Fiduciary standard, but rather there’s an ability [ph] standard. So how does it come to pass that you are already under a fiduciary standard?
James M. Cracchiolo: So you are correct in how we are regulated by FINRA, on the rep business that we do as part of the broker dealer and commission-based activities but as an investment advisor we were managing client's money under an ADV, under the SEC we are an investment advisor and therefore we have to and we are governed under the fiduciary rule to operate in the best interest of our clients, rather than a suitability role.
Eric Berg: And just so that you can, I have one more question after this, of an unrelated nature but just to build on your answer, when you say we, do you mean Ameriprise or its advisors and in particular do you happen to know whether an advisor can be at once a registered rep and a registered investment advisor or must the advisor choose?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay, so our advisors operate under our investment advisory charter with the SEC. They are both, they can work in both standards because of how we set up our compliance and based on the activities that they currently do, we supervise them appropriately and we ensure that for each one they operate with the correct supervision and compliance and meet those standards.
Eric Berg: Okay. Separately just a quick one on Threadneedle, I think you said a couple of times in the course of the call that in contrast to Columbia, which enjoyed progress in the quarter there was a little bit of, I guess you said a setback at Threadneedle in the United States. What is different about Threadneedle’s operations here that would produce a different outcome for it than what we are seeing out of Columbia.
Walter S. Berman: Eric it’s Walter. I think may be, let me clarify it, when I said U.S., it is U.S. Equity they manage a fund that was called U.S. Equity Fund that the -- basically the team left when we had run off, that was what I was referring to. It was for -- there are the PMs for the U.S. Equity Fund that they sell overseas. 
Eric Berg: And what happened, was there a change, it was implied that there was a change in the…?
Walter S. Berman: Last year the team left and we have been building back teams, hence we had basically redemptions which we talked about.
Eric Berg: Okay, so this is the sort of the ongoing effect of the residual effect of what happened last year.
James M. Cracchiolo: What Walter has mentioned is last year we had those assets. A part of that team left and therefore we suffered a level of redemptions in the first few quarters of last year. That has completely slowed. We have part of that PM build back for person who were there in part of the team and we have added more resources. So that’s working well now. What Walter was talking about is the year-over-year effects on the redemptions that occurred a year ago.
Eric Berg: Thank you. Operator The next question is from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to go back to the DOL one more time, if I could. Just based on your reading of the proposals, is there anything in there that suggests distribution of proprietary product, whether its mutual funds or annuities or even life insurance through your channel, could be at risk?
Walter S. Berman: Again we are sifting through the 700 pages but from our early read on this, there are exemptions as consistent with any other product sale, including for products that have revenue share and et cetera, that you can meet those exemptions and they are allowed. We fully today, just [ph] and clarity on this is part of the importance of what we already do, is to meet the various standards of both FINRA and the SEC today, we sell our product like every other product on the platform and let’s say our mutual funds compensations, exactly the same. There is no different incentives, there is no different fee arrangements and what we charge in the various loads and non-loads et cetera. So we feel very comfortable that Columbia product as an example can continue to be sold as with our annuities. The only question on the annuity front, as one had raised is can they be allowed in non-qualified and in qualified accounts? And we think again, I think if you are thinking about things with living benefits and those guarantees that are very important for the clients who get assured income in the future. So again those might be very much allowed with the exemptions as appropriately done. So we don’t have a concern about the proprietary and different than any other products sold on the platforms. And remember, Ameriprise even though we have a large advisor base, whether they be direct players, all those platforms and they have their own product on them, or even any one of the other houses, all have the similar mix of products. Some of them are proprietary, some of them are networked [ph] in, but again everyone would have to meet similar standards. We feel very comfortable because we fully disclose everything today as we should and there is no variation in how we market or sell them.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, just following up on the annuity point, you have been highlighting your shift in terms of new sales away from living benefit products. It seems to me if we are moving towards an environment where the benefit of the annuities is -- comes into greater focus, I mean do you anticipate a reversal of that where going forward more of your sales will actually come from living benefit products?
Walter S. Berman: Well, I would say, again we have a nice mix that we would like, to your point and very, very clearly would like to grow the portion that’s non-living benefit and we think there is very good value for that including with the benefits from a tax perspective for a client, and also the type of product in there to generate income, that’s tax beneficial. And so we would probably again just gear more of that as we do today, to the non-qualified portion of the clients’ accounts.  One of the things that I think we continue to look at is we don't just serve qualified separate from non-qualified. We look at holistically how we help a client achieve their retirement, their income level that they need, of the allocation of their various assets that's tax preferred versus not, those are all real value clients get from working with advisors. It's like if you remove an advisor, it’s like removing any of the professional you may work with, you could so treat yourself for medicine or doctor or even your tax attorney or your lawyer but it's not advisable.  Part of helping clients is not just that they can get a product that is low cost, the issue is how do you use that product, when do you put in when do you maintain it, the biggest issues with loss of assets is the individual behavior around managing those assets. So they get frightened at the wrong time, they invest at the wrong time. They don't look at it and they write probably in more objective fashion because there's still a lot of behavior motion involved. So we think, again we understand what the DOL is looking to achieve, we hope and just want that to be in the best interest of clients. We just want to make sure that clients can be served as best as they can. We think a holistic way of doing that would be continue to be very beneficial, but I think the industry is going to have, as they go through this as you'll find each industry participant will be impacted in some way and will have to deal it.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. That's helpful. And maybe last numbers question just bigger picture, you've talked about your progress towards the 70% earnings contribution from asset management and advise and wealth management, just wondering if we kind of look forward a little bit longer ultimately where do you see the mix in terms of segments kind of settling out?
James M. Cracchiolo: I think what Walter mentioned, I think is a very fair thing. It's again you know we look out for the next periods or two and we are saying we'll get from the 64 to 70. I actually believe overtime again as we continue to grow these businesses that we are investing in, it will be much higher than 70% overtime, not because the insurance and annuities aren’t good businesses but again they are only a part of the solution set that we only market as part of our client base. Asset management we're looking to grow more fully, external to our own channel as well as in our channel. So there is a growth beyond that if we are successful. And then the advice and wealth management business as example we look at holistically managing more client assets with more advisors and so it's just natural that it will be a part of that solution set but it's not going to be the majority of that solution set.
Suneet Kamath: Right. So maybe 80-20 is the…?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, yeah, I think that would be reasonable to assume as we look out.
Suneet Kamath: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity -  James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ryan Krueger - KBW LLC Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lorraine, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insights into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2013 annual report to shareholders and our 2013 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for today's earnings call. I'll spend my time discussing what I'm seeing in the business. Walter will talk to the numbers, and then we'll be happy to take your questions. In terms of the quarter and 2014 overall, I feel good about Ameriprise and our position. The fourth quarter we delivered was a continuation of a strong year. We're executing our strategy well and generating good results. For the fourth quarter, operating net revenues continued to grow, up 5% with good growth in operating earnings, up 16%, and operating earnings per diluted share, up a very strong 23%. For the full year 2014, operating net revenues grew 7% with good movement in operating earnings of 14% and operating EPS, up a very strong 21%. We also had solid growth in assets under management and administration, which increased 5% to $806 billion. This was driven by continued good advisor/client flows and market appreciation. Our strong growth in earnings allows us to generate significant free cash, so we're able to consistently deliver differentiated shareholder return while maintaining our financial strength, all while investing in the business. In the fourth quarter, we returned $444 million to shareholders. And for the full year, we returned $1.8 billion to shareholders, which is 109% of our operating earnings. In fact, 2014 marked 4 consecutive years that we have returned more than 100% of our operating earnings to shareholders. We expect to continue to return strongly to shareholders and have targeted a 90% to 100% range annually, and we will evaluate based on circumstances. With strong business results and significant capital return, operating return on equity reached another high. Excluding AOCI, we ended the year at 23%, up from 19.7% at the end of 2013. Very few financial services companies are generating this level and growth of ROE and capital return. We've consistently grown these measures at a meaningful rate. Let's move to the business, starting with Advice & Wealth Management, where we had another terrific quarter in terms of financial results in executing our strategy for continued growth and margin expansion. We had strong growth in our key measures. Revenues, earnings, client assets, inflows and advisor productivity were all up nicely. Operating net revenue increased 11% to $1.2 billion, reflecting our strong fundamentals and positive markets. We're seeing good levels of client activity. Total client assets grew 9% to $444 billion, with continued strong net inflows of over $3 billion into our investment advisory programs. Our total RAP program is one of the largest in the industry at $175 billion, growing 14% for the year. With good revenue growth, we've also increased profitability in AWM, up 33%, and we've also significantly expanded operating margin to 17% for the quarter, and we delivered this with interest rates at all-time lows. In AWM, we continue to focus on growing the business and delivering an excellent client experience and we feel good about our ability to help our advisors build productive practices. With millions of boomers moving to retirement, we're at the heart of the opportunity with our Confident Retirement approach. You've seen it in our commercials which we just brought to market in early 2014. Confident Retirement works well for the mass affluent and it resonates well with the affluent. We think there's a terrific opportunity for us to serve even more affluent investors as we move forward. Another opportunity that we're focused on is around accumulators. We're expanding Confident Retirement to use for clients in the accumulation stage. In addition to the affluent and to those who are closer to retirement, the Gen Xs and Ys who are building their wealth also fit within our sweet spot. We continue to invest significantly in our brand and our leading capabilities to help our advisors grow their practices and increase efficiency. As we ended the year, brand awareness reached an all-time high. In fact, we were recently awarded the Gold Midas Award in Financial Services Retirement Category for our, "Real Questions, Real Answers," advertising campaign that is currently in the market. The campaign includes commercials, digital advertising, social media, and the 3-minute Confident Retirement digital experience. With that in mind, we continue to invest significantly in our brand and the leading capabilities that help our advisors grow their practices. And we're helping our advisors to ensure they fully benefit from the investments we've made, especially in our brokerage platform, online and mobile capabilities. As we help advisors take advantage of these capabilities even more with greater uptake, our advisors can grow productively and serve more clients. Our advisors who have taken advantage of our technology platform find that it helps them save time, increase efficiency and productivity. At the company level, we're realizing operating cost efficiencies from our technology investments and upgrades made over the past several years. Because we're providing good value and service, client satisfaction with Ameriprise is at an all-time high in the 90s. And with that, Ameriprise was rated #1 in customer experience across investment firms in The 2014 Forrester Customer Experience index. We also have strong relationships with our advisors. Our culture of support in helping them achieve good growth in their practices has led to good engagement and retention that is very high; on average, in the Mid-90s. I spent time at the start of the month with all of our field leaders, and they're feeling motivated about helping our advisors to continue to grow. The Ameriprise value proposition and culture is attractive in the industry. In terms of recruiting experienced advisors, we brought in another 73 in the quarter. The productivity of the advisors we're attracting continues to grow and our recruiting pipeline for 2015 looks good. As a result of the actions we're focused on to drive growth, advisor productivity, a metric we've consistently grown, continues to increase. Compared to a year ago, it's up 13% on a trailing 12-month basis to $496,000 per advisor. Overall, it was another terrific quarter and year for AWM. We have deep relationships with our clients and advisors and excellent satisfaction. We're focused on continuing to drive client engagement and serve more people, especially in the affluent space. This leads to strong results. We're delivering nice growth and profitability with the ability to continue. And the business consistently delivers the results we're targeting, and we feel good about our opportunity for future growth. Now let's move to Asset Management, where we have generated good earnings growth and continued to build our positions in the U.S., the U.K. and Europe. Net revenues were up 1% year-over-year with pretax operating earnings up a solid 6% and adjusted net pretax operating margin increased to a strong 40%. Assets under management were up slightly to $506 billion as market appreciation offset net outflows over the past year. In institutional, we're seeing good growth and making good progress in third party with $1.7 billion in net inflows in the quarter. We continue to win key mandates from clients in North America, Europe and Asia, including in certain strategies, like Contrarian Core and investment grade debt. We have a solid pipeline and we feel good about our capabilities as well as our global growth opportunity. However, some of our growth was offset by the regular outflows from Zürich, and our ex-parent relationships. Excluding these previously disclosed items, we would have had stronger net inflows. For the quarter, we reported retail net inflows that result to strong reinvested dividends. However, we still experienced a level of outflows in one of our large funds in the DCIO channel as well as former parent company affiliated distribution and a sub-advisor. We have seen some traction in a number of our retail channels and we know can make further progress this year. We're focused on a number of enhancements that we're making in retail distribution. As an example, we installed a new leadership team and we're revamping our wholesaling. And we're making greater use of business intelligence and our improved segmentation strategy. At Threadneedle, we experienced retail net outflows of about $0.5 billion, largely from a single client who is a frequent asset allocator. That said, the underlying rate improved from the last quarter. The recent ECB action should be a catalyst for European investors to see opportunities in the market and would expect to benefit as investors put money to work. You may have also seen our announcement from a few weeks ago that Columbia and Threadneedle are rebranding in the spring to Columbia Threadneedle Investments. The teams have been working together to increase the depth of our offering for the benefit of our clients and the business. Introducing our global brand is a natural next step for the business. The new global brand will represent the global capabilities, resources and reach of these 2 well-established investment firms. We're focused on expanding our distribution and global presence and continuing to add high-performing products to our mix. Together, Columbia and Threadneedle have 118 4- and 5-star Morningstar-rated funds. We delivered another good quarter of investment performance as many of our equity and fixed income funds were positioned with a quality bias, which helped as equity markets were volatile in the quarter. In terms of product, we're looking to build off our strength in traditional products and we're investing in a number of areas, including in multi-asset solutions. We just recently launched the Columbia Adaptive Risk Allocation Fund, one of our key new products, and I'm pleased with the response it's getting in both retail and institutional channels. In fact, Jeff Knight and his team were recognized recently with an innovation award. We think that, over time, we can gain good traction that would further add to our flows and complement our core business as we build our track record and awareness of these products and capabilities. Another example is Columbia's Adaptive Alternatives Fund, which we launched yesterday. It's an innovative collaboration with Blackstone Alternative Asset Management, an example of the steps we're taking to broaden our solutions. Overall, we have good talent, an expanding distribution footprint and a growing product line. We're very focused on gaining traction in these key areas. Let's move to Annuities and Protection, which are important to our Confident Retirement approach, helping to protect our clients' wealth and generating retirement income. We're achieving good returns in our annuity business with lower risk and volatility as we continue to grow at the moderate pace we want. In variable annuities, client account balance were up slightly to $77 billion due to market appreciation, and sales were $1.2 billion. As we work with clients to help ensure their retirement lifestyle through tax management and protection, we're selling more variable annuities without living benefits. In December, RiverSource annuities launched Income Guide, a new income monitoring program for clients with a variable annuity without a living benefit. This complements sales with living benefits is a way for clients to cover essential living expenses. In fact, sales of our variable annuities without living benefits increased to 28% of total variable annuity sales in the quarter. In fixed annuities, underlying results were solid as the rate actions we undertook in 2014 have improved spread income. As we've stated, our focus remains on the overall profitability of the book, while the size of the book will gradually shrink given the overall sales environment. Overall, we're focused on making it easier for clients and advisors to understand the benefits that annuities can provide in terms of reliable retirement income. In life insurance, VUL/UL sales picked up a bit year-over-year with our RiverSource TrioSource product. VUL/UL ending account balances were up 3% largely from the markets. TrioSource is an interesting UL product that combines a tax-qualified long-term care rider that sits well within our financial planning approach. In Auto & Home, we're seeing steady growth. However, Auto & Home has been experiencing higher claims that resulted in us adding $60 million to reserves in the quarter. Walter will cover this area in more detail. However, I did want to mention that we've been taking action throughout 2014 and into this year in the areas that have increased our loss ratios and cost exposures, so we're working to further enhance claim processing, underwriting and pricing to improve performance. This remains a very strong business model. We're seeing steady growth in policies from our focus on affinity channels and reputation for excellent service. Our Auto & Home business was rated one of the best firms for client satisfaction in 2014. Overall, Ameriprise had another strong quarter with good financial results adding to a strong year overall. I believe we're positioned well for the year ahead. We continue to have a very strong financial foundation that will give us the flexibility to navigate the markets ahead. We are very focused on delivering the strategy we've discussed with you. We continue to invest and generate good returns. And we've set Ameriprise apart in terms of the strength and the consistency of our results. We're focused on continuing the strong growth we've had in AWM. And we're addressing areas where we can gain traction, improve our flows and asset Management. Our ability to generate significant free cash flow enables us to continue to return to shareholders as we have and maintain our excellent financial foundation. As I mentioned at the start, we delivered record return on equity and we think we can take it even higher. With that, I'd like to hand things over to Walter for a detailed review of the numbers.
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered strong results at the aggregate level in the fourth quarter, with solid underlying performance in our Advice & Wealth Management, Asset Management, Annuities and Life and Health businesses. We had double-digit growth in earnings and EPS in the quarter. Though Auto & Home reserve increased and the significant business-driven tax benefit were largely neutralized on an EPS basis, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet fundamentals. Our investment portfolio is solid, hedging is effective and we have $2.5 billion of excess capital and strong liquidity. Let's turn to Slide 4. Ameriprise had strong aggregate shareholder performance. Top line performance was good with operating net revenue up 5% to $3 billion. Operating net revenue without investment income was up 7%, which is very strong. Overall, operating EPS was up 23% to $2.30, and our strong earnings, free cash flow generation and capital return drove an operating return on equity of 23%, which is at the upper end of our target range. The operating effective tax rate was 20.3% in the quarter, which is lower than we had anticipated for a couple of business-driven reasons. About half of the benefit was related to the dividends received deduction being higher than expected. The other half of the benefit was state taxes being lower, which reflected a shift in the states where business activities are occurring. Going forward, we expect the higher DRD benefit and lower state taxes to continue, but the impact would be spread across the year rather than being recognized all in 1 quarter. Looking into 2015, we expect taxes to be in the 26% to 28% range, up from 25.4% in 2014. As you can see on Slide 5, the strong financial performance we had in the fourth quarter was consistent with the excellent year in 2014. Operating net revenue grew 7% to $11.6 billion, well within our target range of 6% to 8% on average over time. Without net investment income, operating net revenue was up 9%. Operating earnings were $1.7 billion, up 14%, and operating EPS was up 21% to $8.52 for the year. Turning to Slide 6. Our business mix shift is a direct result of the strategy we are executing. Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management represent 68% of pretax operating earnings this quarter. The mix was impacted by the Auto & Home reserve increase, but without that, AWM and asset management are still over 62% of the total. Going forward, the mix shift will continue and should reach 70% from these businesses. We continue to expand margins in Advice & Wealth Management, reaching 17% this quarter. As we bring in experienced advisors and help transfer their books, their productivity ramps up over time. This benefit combined with the improving productivity of our legacy advisor base is driving margin expansion and profitability improvement. Margins in the employee channel were approximately 10% in the quarter and were almost 19% in the franchise channel. We feel good about the improvement we're seeing across this business to drive profitability even higher. Asset management margins were a solid 40% in the quarter on an adjusted basis, up from 38.8% a year ago. I'll get into the segment results in detail now beginning on Slide 7 with AWM. The business is performing extremely well, leading and lagging indicators as well as financials. Client assets are up 9%, as we've seen good flows in our wrap platform, new accounts acquired and market lift. Our experienced advisor recruiting is on target with 73 hires in the quarter, and productivity is at an all-time high of 496,000 for the trailing 12 months. Revenue is up 11% to $1.2 billion on strong sales and flows as well as markets. We kept G&A expenses flat year-over-year. This resulted in earnings of $212 million, up 33% and margins of 17%, up from 14.2% last year. It should be noted that we had over $20 billion of brokerage cash that was earning 20 basis points, which is still near all-time lows. Overall, the business continues to deliver consistent good results, demonstrating the strength of our business model. We continue to invest for our future growth, building on our brand and adding capabilities to support our clients and advisors. Turning to Asset Management on Slide 8. Revenue increased 1% to $830 million, primarily from market appreciation, which was essentially offset by the cumulative impact of outflows and lower performance fees. During the first 3 quarters of 2014, we enjoyed the benefit of robust equity markets, which more than offset the cumulative impact of net outflows on revenues. In the fourth quarter, markets pulled back, especially in Europe. As a result, the lift we enjoyed from equity markets decreased and provided less of an offset to the impact of net outflows as it relates to revenue growth. In the quarter, earnings were up 6% to $198 million, which was impacted by the market pullback, lower performance fees and additional expenses for rebranding Columbia Threadneedle Investments and relocating Threadneedle to a new office space. G&A was very well-managed. This is reflected in the margins at 40%, up from 38.8% last year. Turning to flows on the next slide. We had net inflows of $5.7 billion in the quarter, with inflows across retail, institutional and alternative. Retail inflows of $4.9 billion benefit from reinvestment dividends. However, Columbia had outflows in a number of areas we have previously discussed, namely the former parent-affiliated distribution, the RIA channel, a sub-advisor and one of our large funds in the DCIO channel. Threadneedle had retail outflows as a result of the industry-wide slowdown from geopolitical and economic concerns in Europe as well as a mandate that shifted from retail to the institutional channel. The global institutional business is performing well with $300 million of net inflows. We had outflows in the form of parent-related mandates at both Columbia and Threadneedle that partially offset the strong third-party inflows. We continue winning global mandates and have a good pipeline as we move into 2015. We have also launched a new CLO in the quarter resulting in $500 million of net inflows in alternatives. Turning to Annuities on Slide 10. Annuities pretax operating earnings were $159 million, down 8% from last year. However, the prior year results included a significant benefit from clients moving to our managed volatility funds as well as a higher mean reversion benefit last year. Without these items, underlying annuities earnings were up 15%. Variable annuity pretax operating earnings grew 5% from a year ago to $114 million, without the benefit of clients moving to managed volatility funds and mean reversions in both periods. This was driven by higher account values. Fixed annuity pretax operating earnings increased 71% to $36 million. This reflects the repricing of our 5-year guarantee block earlier in the year, and our lapse rate was in line with expectations. Let's turn to Protection segment on Slide 11. Protection pretax operating earnings were $30 million in the quarter, impacted by a $60 million reserve strengthening at Auto & Home. Underlying earnings are in line with prior periods and our expectations. The Life and Health business is performing well, with cash sales up 3% over the prior year and insurance in-force of $196 billion. We saw marginally higher life claims than we have in recent quarters, though still within expected ranges. Earnings were also impacted by an unfavorable DAC model correction. As a reminder, we reinsure half of our long-term care block to Genworth, and they process and pay all of our claims. We carefully monitor and evaluate the information and processes. However, based upon recent events, we have begun a more detailed, non-routine review. We feel good about our block, particularly the risk characteristics from selling it only within our channel and the pricing actions we have taken since the mid-2000s. As I mentioned, we are increasing Auto & Home reserves by $60 million this quarter, of which 96% is related to several products in our Auto book. There are a couple of key drivers of the reserve increase: first, we had an additional frequency and severity experience on book years 2012 and prior, representing approximately 15% of the reserve increase. These are based on estimated ultimate losses but now have a higher probability of being realized as there are fewer outstanding cases and they are more vintaged; second, the remainder of the reserve increase was for 2013 and 2014 order books, which are strongly influenced by 2012 prior year's experience as well as preliminary 2013 and '14 trends. We have minimal to moderate claims experience for these accident years and patterns are still developing. The reserve analysis was complicated by changes associated with claims reengineering and unusual climate patterns this year. Earlier this year, we engaged outside consultants to review our processes. Now we are phasing in changes to our pricing-to-risk modeling, which will be rolled out fully by early 2016. Additionally, we are making modifications to underwriting, claims and operations, and we have made a variety of staffing change, including bringing in a new LFO, a new Head of Claims and new actuaries. Let's turn to the balance sheet on Slide 12. Our balance sheet remained strong with approximately $2.5 billion of excess capital. Our risk-based capital ratio is estimated to be 600%, up from 450% last year due to an increase in the unrealized gains on our hedges from lower interest rates and higher volatility. We continue to return over 100% of operating earnings to shareholders, with $444 million distributed through dividends and a share repurchase in the quarter. For the year, we returned $1.8 billion to shareholders, which was 109% of operating earnings. This is down from the level returned in 2013, which did include the return of capital associated with exiting bank operations. Looking into 2015, we plan to return 90% to 100% of earnings to shareholders as a baseline. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Maybe to start off, for you, Jim. First, obviously, you've had a lot of pressure in the Auto & Home business over the past year or more, and the results are in stark contrast to what we're seeing from most industry participants, where underwriting results really are among the best in history. So I guess, can you help us understand exactly what you're doing to correct this? Do the -- and do the results of this business alter your view on whether this business should reside as part of Ameriprise or be divested to a more traditional operator?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. Very clearly, we have experienced increase in our reserve positions based on developments that have occurred beginning probably in the 2012 period. We have grown the business tremendously over the last number of years. We have expanded in a number of areas. However, we still feel very good about the front end of the business, the affinity relationships, the ability to bring in good clients in a very cost-effective way, but we had to tighten up a number of various areas from the underwriting to more discipline around some particular areas in pricing, et cetera. So we are making those changes. We think that we have the ability to improve that position over time. But we did take the opportunity here to further increase our reserve positions based on some of those earlier trend lines. We don't have perfect information about them. Having said that, clearly, there are opportunities for us to improve. We think that we can make those improvements. We do believe it is -- it continues to be a good differentiated model. And in the future, we -- once we make those improvements and those changes, we can evaluate the business on a go-forward basis.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So if we looked out and had to -- and you had to peg when does this business generate an underwriting profit, i.e. a combined ratio under 100%, is that within your visibility next couple of years? Or do you think it takes longer?
James M. Cracchiolo: No, no. It is definitely within our visibility. And we are looking to see some improvements in 2015 and beyond. Again, it'll be gradual improvements as we make these changes and they flow in. But we really do feel that this is something that we can get back to a good level of profitability. And as I said, we'll evaluate as we go along, but we are aggressively focused on it. It's unfortunate that we have -- some of these things have blipped up, but it's something that we think we can definitely correct.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. That was really helpful. And then just overall, on capital return, the slide this year in your presentation is very similar to last year, that your baseline target of returning and 90% to 100%. And obviously, the last several years, you've done above that. Can you just talk, Jim, maybe to the factors that would influence your decision to bring that down toward the 90% to 100%? Or keep it up somewhere well above that 100% level? I mean, what are the some of the factors? I assume M&A would be -- opportunities would be part of that, share price would be part of that. But can you speak to that in a little bit more depth, please?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think to the point you referenced, there are always a number of factors and you go into a year and not knowing exactly what all those factors are and how the environment is. So we -- and which is actually is quite good is that I think very few firms target at the beginning of the year to return 90% to 100% of their earnings.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: No doubt.
James M. Cracchiolo: And so we're doing that, even not knowing exactly how the environment plays out. But as you saw in the past number of years, we've increased that over the year based upon those various circumstances. So if there aren't any real good deals that we want to execute on, we up that buyback. If the market gives us even more opportunity, depending on certain circumstances, we can increase the buyback there as well. So we sort of regulate that. We are still committed to returning strongly to shareholders. We will evaluate again a dividend increase as we always do in the first part of this year. So it's a combination of factors, but I think the positive should be that we're probably one of the highest in targeting that at the beginning of the year based on the total of the earnings, and then we regulate it from there.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Totally appreciate that. And then if I can sneak one more quick one in for Walter. If I look at the annuity segment, I generally see declining account values in both the VA and fixed annuity blocks. So in the face of that headwind, is it reasonable for us to expect any real earnings growth from this segment off of the sort of core 2014 results? I think the core number is about $590 million. It seems spreads are about as wide as we can expect, and with the headwind of lower long-term rates, I'm just wondering, without, of course, Walter, giving any specific guidance, directionally, how should we think about this segment's earnings potential?
Walter S. Berman: I think it's certainly with the headwinds that you talked about, it will be muted, especially if you look at facing the fixed annuities coming out of lapse, coming out of surrender. So you would see that we've made the adjustments on the rate, but we will see increased lapses there. And so I would say, yes, it would certainly be less robust, with the factors you referred to.
Operator: And our next question comes from Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, first on Advice & Wealth. You mentioned a 19% margin for the franchisee channel this quarter, which, I think, is higher than even you were talking about at Investor Day of last year. Do you still see additional upside to this margin excluding any benefit from higher interest rates?
Walter S. Berman: Yes. As we talked about, certainly, as we vintage on the employee channel and certainly, productivity and improve that, we do. If you look at the 2 models, certainly, from that standpoint, it would -- we see employee channel increasing, and it has doubled from last year as we look. And we have seen improvement, and I do anticipate some improvement. But again, interest rate is certainly a factor, and certainly market will influence, but we are getting good productivity improvement.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. But you still see from the point that the 19% can stay at this level or move slightly higher even without rates?
Walter S. Berman: Again, yes, I do. As -- again, we're talking environmental and other things, yes. But those into consideration, yes, we are making progress.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then is there any sensitivity that you can provide for how changes in interest rate assumptions, or if we are in a low for long environment would affect your balance sheet? Know you obviously do the annual review in the third quarter, but kind of any help in terms of sensitivities to your, I guess, long-term rate assumptions would be helpful?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, I think it's from the standpoint, again, on it's not so much the long-term rate. It's going to be the grading. And so it's a start point where you are then the grading from there, which will be the implication. I think the long-term rate, again, we think are -- we're using is appropriate. But we will then have to assess, just like we will now, the start point of where the rate is. And then, what we do anticipate the long-term grading, depending on which product you're looking at. Obviously, the long-term care has a very long window. Others have less. So and -- so that would be the balance sheet impact. The other thing is the reinvestment, returning over, most of about 25% a year. So as we reinvest, that's going to have a bit of a drag on it.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And can you just remind us what was the change you made in the third quarter of 2014?
Walter S. Berman: The change from what standpoint?
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Sorry, for the interest rate assumption that drove kind of the modest charge that you have in the third quarter?
Walter S. Berman: What we did is basically we reset it, obviously, to the June rate. And then we just basically readjusted the grading and slowed it down. We kept the long-term rate the same, but we readjusted down, which, of course, it did not hit the original target we thought that we set in 2013. So we did take that unlocking. And then we just graded it up basically more looking at, from our standpoint, the situation, which was a little slower on grading up.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Jim, a couple questions on the asset management business, and just a quick follow-up for Walt after. So when I think about the rebranding initiative between Columbia and Threadneedle and you guys will kind of try to go out and market it is one, help me understand, I guess, a little bit what kind of doors does this sort of approach open up relative to what you guys were doing before? What kind of new client pools are you targeting with that? And maybe just some sort of a tangible way to illustrate how maybe 1 plus 1 could equal 3 in that scenario, if that's the case?
James M. Cracchiolo: So we've made a number of changes over the last 1.5 years or so, really, to put together a number of capabilities between the Threadneedle business and Columbia and put together both core products that are managed by the capabilities of both to how we're even doing asset allocation on a global basis and some of the managed type of activities we're doing and the new solutions that we're launching. So very clearly, there's the underlying activities that already made some changes to what we're doing today and how we're doing it, including the ability to share research, the ability to use some of the capabilities of Threadneedle and Columbia combined to build various portfolios and global products. So the combination of the brand gives us an ability, a further ability, to market our products across borders. So today, we're already selling Columbia funds as part of Threadneedle and Threadneedle as part of Columbia. But particularly, as I think about -- as an example, I'll give you the first one, institutional. To go to market better as a combined firm makes it easier to work with global clients. It gives us the ability to talk about more of those products using our institutional sales force together. It also gives us the ability to use the combined resources for products that we're putting in the market and to talk about that in a much more appropriate way. So we do see good opportunity coming from the combination, but we did a lot of work behind the brand already, and we will do continued more work to really leverage the combined capabilities of the 2 firms. So we will launch this in the market in the spring more formally. Now the underlying for retail distribution in the U.S. or retail distribution in Threadneedle won't be as much severe -- significantly impacted. It'll start more from a global positioning, an institutional basis and then, over time, take shape and form in the retail segments.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. That's helpful. And then the recent product launch you guys announced with Blackstone, internal looks pretty interesting given all the kind of chatter around retail liquid alts in the space. Help us understand, I guess, a little bit how this product will be managed and how it will be marketed to clients. And I guess, how long do you think it requires for us to see some sort of traction from an asset gathering perspective? Is that kind of like you're typical, you seed it and then you market it, and a couple years down the road, so it's going to be a few of years until we see some meaningful progress here? Or could that be done sooner?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, we do believe that there is an appetite for this type of product in the retail space today. So it's more of a convenience of a traditional mutual fund with daily liquidity and multiple share classes that will give investors access to Blackstone's Advice multi-strategy perspective that leverage in their underlying hedge fund advisers that they select. And it will combine that with alternative beta strategies and nontraditional assets, including commodities, REITs, inflation linked bonds, private equity managed by Columbia. So the combination, we think, of the types of capabilities that we're bringing to bear put into a wrapper of a retail fund with daily liquidity, we think, will have some appetite as advisors look to diversify their portfolios and get some alternative means based on the market conditions. So I think it gives them a greater access to these alternative type of strategies. It has the combination of benefits of the 2 strong firms and the diversification that they can get from alternatives. So we think it will take shape. We don't think it's something that will wait to see flows over the long period of time. We think there's an appetite there over the course of the year. And hopefully, later in the year, we'll be able to report some of the sales that we're seeing from the product.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. And just a follow-up to that one, how are the economics in this product work? So what's kind of the fee split or the sub-advisory fee that goes to Blackstone?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think, again, based on the combination of the fund and the makeup, there is a fee structure for the -- as part of the alternative side that will go to Blackstone, and then, there's a fee for the other part of that managed fund that we share, so that we have. And so there's a sharing, truly, of the fee structure underneath it. Of course, with the combination and being on the alternative side, there is a higher fee for that type of product than the normal mutual fund fee.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That sounds great. And then, Walter, just one for you, quick, on the -- when we think about the currency fluctuations over the course of last quarter and certainly, continued dollar strength so far in '15. When I think about Ameriprise holistically as an enterprise, from a pretax income perspective, is it fair to assume you guys are pretty currency neutral given expenses and revenues from Threadneedle, obviously, and pounds?
Walter S. Berman: Well, I would say, it's current yes [ph] because obviously, we make a profit. So we'll take a translation there, if that's what you're referring. That's with the translation. That is the majority of the exposures in -- is out of the U.K. Obviously, there are some offsets, but it is certainly -- it would impact a PTI asset.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Any sense on the sensitivity if it does? So like if the dollar strengthened [indiscernible]
Walter S. Berman: Well, the dollar strengthening is, again -- the pound is moved from -- last year, it was somewhere in the $1.60s and now it's in the $1.50s. So on that basis, it -- I think we talked about last year, it has impacts that are certainly manageable at this -- it's in the, I would say, on the translation basis, it's probably in the $10 million, $15 million range if you drop the -- when you dropped it down. Actually, on that drop, you're probably talking in, say, around $20 million.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger - KBW LLC: First, I had a follow-up on the rebranding of Colombia and Threadneedle. I certainly understand the long-term rationale and the benefits that they could have. But in the shorter term, should we expect any meaningful costs associated with that rebranding over the next few quarters?
James M. Cracchiolo: There'll be and there were some incremental cost in the fourth quarter. There'll be some incremental cost in the first quarter this year. But we're not looking at real sizable amounts here. What we are doing is repurposing some of our current marketing and branding costs for the new brand, but there'll be some incremental as you change the various materials and signage and some other aspects of it. So it's something that we think is very manageable, but it will increase, of course, slightly based upon the rebranding. But again, as I said, we think it's the right thing to do that can be leveraged over time.
Ryan Krueger - KBW LLC: Got it. Okay. And then, on -- given the, I guess, the lower interest, lower long-term interest rate environment we're in today, do you have any updated sensitivities you can give us in terms of the earnings headwind that, that gives you in the fixed Annuity and Protection businesses?
Walter S. Berman: Sure. So let me break it out. The first one, obviously, is going to be on DAC. And when we set our DAC rates, the rates back down were in the $250 million range. Now you -- the start point is in $170 million as we look at, and we are grading up. So that's going to be one impact we are constantly monitoring and so that will have a noncash impact. When we look at locking in the third quarter or if we see this situation, we have to unlock earlier. As it relates to the long-term book with the fixed annuities, it is more on the -- we reset on the guaranteed minimum rates and so this space is just the earning rate, and the earning rates on both that and life and health would be impacted because of the duration of the situation as we turn it over. So like I said, it's about 20%, 25%. And on that basis, you're talking about 40, 50 basis points in differential as we look at it on average as you go through it. So that's the sort of activity levels they see. The numbers themselves are manageable. It's just we are defensive, and in a defensive posture there, and it will have an impact, but the impact is manageable than the number. But it...
Ryan Krueger - KBW LLC: Okay. And then last one on the tax rate. You gave the 26% to 28% tax rate guidance for 2015. As we think about the mix of your earnings shifting over time, specifically your -- seems to have a lower contribution from variable annuities in the DRD benefits that, that provides you. Would you expect your tax rate over a longer period of time to gradually rise as a result of the mix shift?
Walter S. Berman: In the current legislation, that's exactly what happens. We also are deriving the DRD benefits, as you saw. But again, the tax rate's associated with the AWM business and the asset management business don't have some of the benefits that are derived, so therefore, they're at the more marginal, the statutory rate. So yes, it will erode, but again, it's good profitability.
Operator: And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to go back to the P&C results or the Auto results, specifically. And I guess, one question I still have is, looking at PIS count growth, why are we seeing growth, which I think is above industry average, while there's still turmoil and while you're still kind of trying to clean up the claims experience and the previous legacy premiums?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So first of all, we did -- we do have good growth. We actually have very strong growth in the home side of it. The Auto side has slowed down a little bit. We've made some adjustments over the course. We'll probably adjust a bit more as we go through and put in some of the tighter underwriting and repricing in certain areas. But we did experience some good growth based upon the expansion on some of our channel activity in the affinity area. So it's one of the things that we're closely monitoring right now. We have slowed down a bit of that growth. We might slow it a little more in certain sections where we have experienced some of the blip-up in the exposure. But we do feel like we can continue to add good new clients based upon the relationships that we have, we just got to be -- we're just going to be a little tighter in that regard.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then going back to the Advice & Wealth Management. There was an industry publication, I think, that spoke of Ameriprise as the second largest independent broker by commissions from Alternative Investments sold. I think somebody counted about 20% the segment's total commissions earned coming from Alternative Investments. And just given some of the problems that some of your peers have faced with the high-commission product, I was wondering if you'd be willing to talk about kind of what percentage of the alternative investment commissions come from high-commission products?
Walter S. Berman: Well, right now, it is a small percentage of, obviously, our revenue and profitability. But again, it's coming from REITs, and we've talked about, from our standpoint, it's -- that we have not suffered the same situations, obviously, as certainly looking at the quality and what we bring on and our, basically, compliance processes. So with -- from that standpoint, it is important part of the solution set with our clientele and certainly go through a very elaborate due diligence process to ensure that. And like I said, the revenue contributions is under 5%, it's like 3%. So it's an important solution area and it adds value from that standpoint, and it's about the 3% range.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. And I think if you're talking about, like, the REIT area, it's only a couple percent in our total mix of business across the firm. I mean, of course, we have more alternatives that we offer from hedge funds to other types of activities, commodities, various things like that. But I think if you're referencing more of REITs, it's only a couple percent.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And quick numbers question. I may have missed it, I apologize. On the $20 billion of brokerage cash balances, can you tell us what the current yield is on those?
James M. Cracchiolo: Around 20 basis points.
Operator: And our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So Walter, in your prepared remarks on Protection, you talked about long-term care and the fact that you're conducting, I think, what you characterize as a non-routine review. Can you just go on to a little more detail in terms of what exactly you will be reviewing? Is it the reserve level? Is it gap versus stat? I mean, just any more color on that would be helpful.
Walter S. Berman: Yes. I think what we're doing right now, we're in contact with Genworth as it relates to their announcements and other things like that because they do all the claims and the administration aspect. They feed the information to us. And obviously, we do -- we're aligned on that information. We certainly are trying to do our own checks on it. But we, based on their reviews, we're cooperating with them to get really the performance aspects they've seen, both from claims and other -- to revalidate. As they looked at what they evaluated for their block, how that is applicable to ours, and so we are working with them just to get the additional information as it allows us to do the actuarial assessment.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But I guess, how should we be thinking about this in terms of a potential risk to the company? I mean, is it that you might have to boost reserves because Genworth is telling you that they're seeing more aggressive claims or utilization? Or -- I just want to get a sense of what the risk factor is.
Walter S. Berman: Okay. I understand that. Yes, we think the risk factor is actually very contained because, again, it's small overall. But the reality is we have our own checks and we've been looking at it from our standpoint. There's different characteristics of our block versus theirs. So we do believe this is a precautionary element to make sure that we are aligned. Again, they're making a major announcement that they did make some changes to their actual assumptions. We felt it was prudent to work with them to get that applicability to our block. They did not do it. And again, it's our block and their block. It's a shared block. So it is really precautionary, but we believe it's very containable, and it's not a significant amount, if any.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And is that something that we're going to learn about sort of in 1Q results because that'll be after they put out their fourth quarter reserve review?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, we're obviously dependent on their time, effort and everything, but yes, we are hoping to have that within that timeframe.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then, I guess, for Jim on the retail flows at Columbia, I mean, you've mentioned that it's work in progress and there's all sorts of -- I think you used the word traction that you're gaining. It's just really hard to see from the upside how the strategy is progressing. So is there any more color that you can give us in terms of what is exactly changing there, what's different this time and why we should have some comfort that the flows can start to turn positive?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I wouldn't think labeling it to get more comfort. I think what we have been saying and what we've actually been seeing is this: we will continue to have some of the type of outflows from some of the things that we've mentioned to you. So as an example, when we made all the pricing changes in the RIA channel, we experienced more of those outflows. That's starting to slow and turn around, and we're starting to see some pickup in the inflow side. For the ex-parent, we experienced more of that, even in retail, initially as things were changed, and now that starting to slow. It'll still be an outflow, but not as material as it was. And we think we can get some new product out there, hopefully, over time, I think, in regard to the intermediary channels, we're actually seeing some pick-up in a few of the areas as we get better penetration in some of the channels and get on some of the platforms. Having said that, I think it's been lumpy. I mean, we saw nice improvement in October and November. We thought it would actually show positive, and then December was a little rough month, I think, for the industry. From a perspective, we still experienced some additional outflows in a particular large fund that we had in the DCO channel that actually sort of masks some of the improvements for some of the other product across the other channels. So I think with the changes we continue to make with the new leadership we have in there, with how we're revamping the way we go to market with our product, with the wholesaling, with the disciplines we're putting in place, we're hoping that we can gain traction with more of our product across more of the channels in 2015. Of course, there's no guarantee. There's market environment. There's -- it is what the consumer is or the intermediary is looking based on market conditions. But we think we have enough good product. We think that we have a good wholesaling capability and platform that we're applying better. We think that we're going to bring product to the market better to talk about what that is and what the solution is and what we can provide. There are some new solutions. We're coming out, like our CARA Fund that I mentioned to you, which is a risk parity allocation fund that we think can take some space. So I think it's going to be a number of things that we can do to gain. But we're still going to experience some of the outflows from some of the ex-parent ongoing, from some of the sub-advisor, from one of the particular large funds we have that will continue to bleed a little bit until we get that fully -- more fully turned around and get some other product in the channel. So I'm not sitting here to predict quarter-by-quarter, but I do feel that we can gain some greater traction. I think Europe can come back again. I think, again, it was in strong inflows. We got hit with a loss of a PM last year, but that has stemmed the tide there. Actually, the U.K., where we lost the PM, that has actually turned around pretty quickly for us. So I think with the ECB doing what they do, that can sort of turn around people's appetite back in Europe. So we'll see. But I got more high hopes for this year, moving better in the trajectory. I can't predict, but hopefully, we'll apply more time and attention and hopefully, we'll get some better results.
Operator: And our last question comes from Tom Gallagher from Crédit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A few questions on your Advice & Wealth business. The -- so I guess, the franchisee advisor story has been a really good one. Just want to understand a little about the outlook as you see it. How is the recruiting environment right now? Are you still -- would you still expect to grow that channel over the next year or so? I noticed a little bit of a tick down there in terms of number of franchisee advisors. That's question #1. And then, I guess, the margin, Walter, I think you had said the margin in that channel for this quarter was 19%, which is obviously a pretty robust number. Can you comment a bit about when you are hiring, making the new hires of the experienced advisors, what is sort of the marginal margin you're seeing there? Is it above or below that 19% level?
James M. Cracchiolo: So let me start with the overall channel, then we'll talk to the margin. Very clearly, we feel very good about our franchise channel and the growth of the productivity of that channel. Now part of it that you're looking at when you just look at the number per se is there is a level of even consolidation going on in our own channel. As advisors hit a certain points in time, they actually don't want to be running the practice as they continue to age at a certain level. And so what they do is make arrangements with other advisors, they sell their practice and then they transition from an advisor to an assistant and then ultimately retire. And we have some of that going on in our channel across the nation that we sort of help foster and develop. So part of our attrition, or so to speak, that we report is part of that activity going on. The assets don't leave. The clients don't leave. But the number on the headcount does adjust. In addition to that, we also have assistants that advisors bring in as junior players in their practice, licensed practitioners, et cetera. And sometimes there is a higher rotation of those people, just like we do, when we bring in new people that we're training and developing in the employee channel. And so part of that turnover is also in those sort of numbers. But we feel that the productivity remains in the channel. The asset growth is good and strong, and we feel very good about that channel continuing to be a growing part of the total. In addition to that, we do have the employee channel. Again, with that same adjustments that are occurring, we have much more productivity in the channel. We're bringing in good people that have much higher productivity than the people who are leaving or left. And the pipeline, so the first part of your question that you asked, is very good. We saw it over the third and fourth quarter. We're bringing in high-quality people that are actually of higher productivities than even previous quarters. And we see that occurring both in the franchise and the employee channel. So we feel like we can continue to recruit on an ongoing basis and see quality people. Walter?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, on the second question. From the standpoint of the marginal contribution, from a PTI standpoint, for the experienced advisors in the franchise and actually in the employee channel are higher than, obviously, the 19% and our current margin employee channel. So yes, that is accreting on the -- based on the correlated expenses that we associated with that -- with bringing on experienced advisors.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And so, Walter, from just order of magnitude, so -- and Jim pointed out that the new hires in the franchisee channel are actually more productive than the average advisor. What type of margin are you seeing for those new hires, let's say, by the end of the first year? Is it -- if the average for that channel is 19%, is it 25%, is it 30%? I just want to get a sense for the grade-in of that and how -- what kind of earnings pick you get as you hire people?
James M. Cracchiolo: So Tom, let me correct that. I think we didn't say -- for instance, in the franchise channel, we're bringing in good people but we have good strong margins, very high productivity in the franchise. So the people we're bringing in aren't necessarily of even higher margin than that. I think they're consistent with the type of productivity that we have in the channel. In the employee channel, what I did say is the people we are bringing in have higher productivities and will, over time, add to that margin and will be higher than the average margin. But as Walter said, a year ago, that margin was in the low single digits. We ended last year with it being now about 10% or so. And as we add even more productive people and utilize the capacity we have in the employee channel for better productive people, that margin will continue to accrete.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Understood. So it's really the employer channel that you're saying is higher, okay.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. Right. And then the franchisee channel, just as we continue to bring in good client flows and good productivity and our advisor productivity increases, then that will help with the margin there because that's a very large channel. It's a very productive channel. Most of that will come from the productivity improvements continuing in that channel and the use of some of our capabilities to help them do that.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Understood. And then -- and just one last one on the Property Casualty business. Can you quantify -- based on the changes that you expect to make, can you give us a little bit of quantification what are the levels of rate you're actually submitting for to regulators in that business? So are we looking at double-digit rate? Or some -- any quantification you can give there? And would you expect that book to shrink as you implement the changes?
Walter S. Berman: Number one, if we reinstate [ph], again, depending on both -- as we do the price risk assessment and then you deal with the states that -- within theirs, that we will certainly -- we are looking then to get that ratio. As we have had -- we filed in '14, we had rate increases on Auto of close to 3%. And this is now being evaluated state-by-state. We're using the models that we're bringing up. So the rate increases are going to be a very off. So I couldn't really give you an average as it relates to, because you're getting into weighting again to everything from that standpoint. So the reality on shrinking the book, I don't think the book is going to shrink. I think we're going to more intelligently manage through the application of the sophisticated models and the other things that we do from an operational standpoint and just extract the better pricing risk return from it. So that takes time, as Jim said. It just doesn't -- it takes time to work through, both the analytics as we roll it, the filings and then the realization of it.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I would hope your rate is going to be significantly above 3% if we're thinking about '15 [indiscernible]
Walter S. Berman: I only gave you 2014. I gave you price in '14. I didn't say what was going to happen in '15.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. But no, can you give us any indication? Or is it too early?
Walter S. Berman: It's too -- because they basically just started through rolling the stage now, and those will progress and they're focusing on Auto and then rolling through on Home. So I can't give you, really, the rate increases that will take place because they have to do the analytics for each one and then evaluate it on that basis, both looking at the new and then the existing block.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity - IR Jim Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter Berman - CFO
Analysts: Suneet Kamath - UBS Bill Katz - Citi  Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Mike Zaremski - Balyasny  
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. My name is Lauren and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s third quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be pleased to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on the call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2013 annual report to shareholders and our 2013 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo : Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I’ll start with my thoughts on the business Walter will review the numbers in detail and then we’ll be happy to take your questions. It was another strong quarter for Ameriprise, continuing the trend we set in the first half of the year. Our operating results were very strong with net revenue growth at 8%, excluding unlocking. Operating earnings and EPS growth were each over 20%. Assets under management and administration increased 8%, $797 billion reflecting strong advisory client flows as well as market appreciation. Our capital and financial position is excellent and we continue to generate significant free cash flow to return to shareholders. During the quarter, we returned $442 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Year-to-date through to the quarter end, we have returned $1.4 billion to shareholders which is 112% of year-to-date operating earnings. We’re on our way to four consecutive years of returning over 100% of our operating earnings to shareholders. With our earnings growth and capital return, we again delivered record operating return on equity excluding AOCI of 22.1%, up 270 basis points from a year ago. Let’s move to the business and Advice & Wealth Management where we had another excellent quarter. Operating net revenues grew 13% to $1.2 billion driven by strong growth and assets from client flows and equity market appreciation. As I mentioned, we’re seeing good levels of activity. Total client assets increased 11% to $434 billion with continued strong inflows of $3.8 billion into our investment advisory programs. The combination of strong flows, asset growth, and productivity, as well as ongoing expense management led to a 35% increase in operating PTI and pre-tax operating margin up significantly to 16.9%.  Our priority is to bring in new clients and assets to Ameriprise and to deepen relationships so we can continue to increase retail client flows. In September, we were back on the air with a new commercial from our Real Questions, Real Answers advertising campaign featuring our confident retirement approach. A recent study showed that more than two-thirds of affluent consumers do not have a formal financial plan to reach their long-term goals. We know that confident retirement not only tests well with the mass affluent, but also with affluent consumers, those with over $1 million in investable assets. In fact, we think there is a greater opportunity for us to serve more of the affluent consumer base. I recently attended a conference with our private wealth advisors and they’re motivated to grow further in affluent market using the capabilities we offer that resonate well with these consumers. Overall, our advisor force is strong and our retention as well as satisfaction rates remain very high. In terms of recruiting experienced advisors, we brought in another 81 in the quarter. The productivity of the advisors we’re attracting continues to grow and our recruiting pipeline so far in the fourth quarter looks quite good. In terms of bringing in new clients and assets and AWM, we’re pleased with our confident retirement approaches engaging our existing clients, as well as prospects. Our advisors are finding it really helps to simplify the conversation so people better understand what they need to do to plan for a secure retirement and how Ameriprise can help. Our advisors, who are using it with their clients in the target age range, have had meaningful increase in net flows. We’re also investing in and helping our advisors take advantage of our technology, marketing, and social media capabilities to increase their productivity, gain new clients, and deepen current relationships. We’re helping advisor offices operate more efficiently. Our paperless office tools like e-forms and electronic check scanning reduce expenses for advisors and the company, as well as the complexity and time needed to manage client documents. We also have a new online tool for document creation and management making it easier for advisors and their teams to work and collaborate wherever they may be. And in terms of engaging clients, we’re also seeing success with our Total View, our account aggregation tool as a way to help deepen relationships. Our advisors are also increasingly using our award-winning social media to expand their digital presence and acquire clients. Our social media capabilities can help advisors build a credible, robust online presence to encourage shared connections with prospective clients. During the quarter, we received results from a client relationship study and satisfaction with both our advisors and with Ameriprise has increased 3 points to 92%, an all-time high. In addition, 93% of our clients said they’re likely to continue working with Ameriprise, also up 3%. As a result of our efforts and the actions we’ve focused on to drive growth, advisory productivity, a metric we’ve consistently grown continues to increase. Compared to a year ago, it’s up double-digits to $483,000 on a trailing 12 month basis. Overall, it was another terrific quarter for Advice & Wealth Management. Now let’s move to Asset Management, where we’re delivering good financial performance but we have more work to do from a flows perspective. Our assets under management grew to $505 billion, up 5% from a year ago mainly driven by positive equity markets as well as growth in our International business. We had a strong quarter from an earnings perspective. Operating net revenues were up 8% and we’re managing expenses as we invest in the business. Pre-tax operating earnings were up 21% to $208 million and our adjusted pre-tax operating margin was a competitive 41.3%. In terms of the business and our flows in the quarter, overall we experienced net outflows of about $4 billion. Nearly half of that came from ex-parent affiliated distribution including Zurich and Balboa. The remainder was due to domestic outflows and DCIO, RIA and sub-advisory. However, we’re seeing some stabilization in these flows. We’ve also experienced net outflows from weaker European retail flows. As well, we were affected by PM moves earlier in the year. We believe that the impact of the PM change is largely behind us and there is good performance coming from the team. This was somewhat offset by strong third party institutional flows of about $1 billion where winning key mandates from clients in North America, Europe, and Asia. The Institutional business is on track and I feel very good about our capabilities and global growth opportunity. We’ve also added Joe Kringdon, an industry veteran as Head of U.S. Intermediary reporting to Ted. We’re refocusing our efforts on key client relationships where we can drive flows in the future and expect to gain traction over time.  In addition to our focus on gaining share in traditional products, we’re building our capabilities in global products and in multi-asset solutions for both our Retail and Institutional channels. We’re investing expanding in areas like adaptive risk parity, liquid alternatives, Asian equity and bonds, and global products. And we think that over time we can gain good traction that would further add to our flows and complement our core business as we build our track record and awareness of these products and our capabilities. Overall, we have good talent, a growing product line and expanding distribution footprint. We’re executing our plan and beginning to gain traction in key growth areas but there is more to do. Let’s move to annuities and protection, which help us deepen relationships with our clients across life stages and are important to our confident retiming approach. Adjusting for unlocking, we’re generating good returns in our Annuities business with lower risk and volatility as we continue to grow at the moderate pace we want. In Variable Annuities, client account balances grew 5% due to market appreciation and we had good sales in our channel at about $1.2 billion. As we work with clients to help ensure their retirement lifestyle through tax management and protection, we’re selling more variable annuities without living benefits. This complements sales with living benefits as a way for clients to cover essential living expenses.  In fact, sales of the variable annuities, without living benefits, increased to nearly 30% of total variable annuity sales in the quarter. In Fixed Annuities, underlying results are up from our re-pricing of the book and improved spread income. As we stated, our focus remains on the overall profitability of the book as we’re not currently adding to it. Overall, with folks still making it easier for clients and advisors to understand the benefits that annuities can provide in terms of reliable retirement income. With regard to Protection, excluding unlocking, pre-tax operating earnings were up 10%. In Life Insurance, earnings were impacted by higher health claims although it was within our expected ranges. VUL/UL sales picked up a bit year-over-year with our RiverSource TrioSource product. VUL/UL ending account balances were up 6% largely from the markets. TrioSource is an interesting UL product that combines a tax qualified long-term care rider that fits well with our financial planning approach. In Auto & Home, earnings improved and we’re seeing steady growth in policies, up 11% from a year ago. We’re seeing improved levels of loss ratios. We have initiatives underway to enhance our modeling and pricing capabilities that we believe will get us back to a stronger position over the next number of quarters.  Ameriprise Auto & Home is rated one of the best for client satisfaction in the second quarter. And to complement that, we were recently ranked number two in California by a leading consumer publication that measured consumer satisfaction based on price, distribution, and policy offerings. We consistently earn high accolades for our offering. To summarize, we had a strong third quarter with solid revenue growth, strong operating earnings growth, and operating ROE north of 22%. I feel good about our current position. Our diversified business provides great benefits for clients, advisors, and our shareholders. We continue to grow the business consistent with our plan, expanding our fee based earnings, complemented by the stability and diversification of our spread business. At quarter end, about 64% of our pre-tax operating earnings, excluding unlocking, were driven by our low capital, Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses. Like everyone, we’re paying close attention to global markets and providing our advisors with resources and thoughtful insights to use with clients understanding that while they’re focused on planning for the long term goals, the current markets are top of mind. Our strong business results, excellent financial foundation, and ability to generate significant free cash flow provides the ability to continue to return to shareholders as we have in the past. With that, I'll pass the call to Walter, for a review of the numbers.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered another quarter of excellent financial results. So let’s start with operating and net revenue growth on Page 3. In total, operating net revenues grew 8% due to strong market appreciation and wrap flows, partially offset by net outflows in Asset Management. It should be noted that net investment income has been challenged by the low interest rate environment but the other revenue lines are up almost 10% from last year. Total assets under management and administration increased 8% to nearly $800 billion at the end of the quarter. Solid revenue growth, combined with continued expense discipline, resulted in a record AWM and Asset Management margin of 16.9% and 41.3% respectively. Together, Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management operating earnings grew 27% and accounted for 68% of earnings. Excluding DAC unlocking, those segments account for 64% of the earnings, up from 59% last year demonstrating our continued business mix shift. Let's turn to EPS and return on equity on slide four. Operating return on equity continues to increase reaching another all-time high of 22.1% and in the upper end of our targeted range of 19% to 23%. Operating earnings per share also reached a new record level of $2.10. Excluding unlocking in both periods, EPS was up 28% to $2.24. This is the result of solid business growth and fundamentals across all segments as well as continued capital redeployment. I’ll turn to slide five to take you through the details on Advice & Wealth Management. We continued to deliver excellent business metrics and financial results in Advice & Wealth Management with 13% top line growth. Pre-tax operating earnings were up 35% to $205 million due to strong client flows, asset levels, and market appreciation. As we have discussed previously, we are seeing continued improvement in the earnings and margins in both the employee and franchise channels. In total, margins reached a new record high of 16.9%, up 270 basis points. The spread earned on the $19 billion of brokerage cash was 19 basis points for this quarter. So there remains substantial upside potential for an increase in short term rates going forward. Overall, the business continues to deliver consistent good results demonstrating the strength of our business model. We continue to invest for future growth, building on our brand and adding capabilities to support our clients and advisors. Turning to Asset Management on slide six, revenues increased 8% to $839 million primarily from growth in assets under management from strong markets and performance fees at Threadneedle. And we remain focused on tightly managing expenses. We continue to deliver solid financial performance with earnings growth of 21% and our margin exceeding 40%. Investment performance remains solid with 121 four and five star rated funds and we saw improvement across many styles at Columbia. Let’s turn to flows on slide seven. In the quarter, we experienced 4.1 billion of net outflows. We had net outflows of 3.5 billion in retail across Columbia and Threadneedle. We had outflows in several areas we had discussed in the past, namely former parent affiliated distribution. In addition, we continue to face some challenges in Retail at Columbia particularly in the DCIO channel. We had Retail net outflows of $1 billion at Threadneedle due to industry weakness in Europe and from a portfolio manager change on the U.S. equities team from earlier this year. U.S. equity performance remains solid and the level of outflows has declined. Institutional net outflows of $500 million were driven by strong $1.1 billion of third party net inflows at Columbia which were more than offset by several former parent related areas at both Columbia and Threadneedle. The third party institutional pipeline remains solid looking over the next couple of quarters. Turning to annuities on slide eight, pre-tax operating earnings were $128 million, down from $205 million last year due to unlocking and re-reversion. Excluding those items in both periods, pre-tax operating earnings were up 18%.Variable annuity pre-tax operating earnings grew 12% from a year ago to 119 million excluding unlocking and re-reversion. This was driven by higher fees from improved equity markets. The inflows [ph] block is solid with account values up $5% to $76 billion. Our net amount at risk as a percent of account value is less than 1% in total for living benefits and death benefits. We continue to write new business with a very attractive risk profile offering products with living benefit guarantees using our managed volatility funds and products without living benefits that provide tax advantage accumulation for our clients. In fact, 28% of our new sales in the quarter were without living benefits. Fixed annuity pre-tax operating earnings increased 42% to $37 million excluding unlocking. This reflects the re-pricing of the majority of our five-year guaranteed block. Fixed annuity account values declined 8% to $12.4 billion with lapse rates in line with our expectations. Turning to Protection on slide nine, pre-tax operating earnings were up 10% to $87 million excluding unlocking. Our Life & Health businesses were impacted by the continued low interest rate environment. Health claims were in line with expectation but at the higher end of the range. Auto & Home earnings continue to improve this quarter. Our prior accident years are performing well and we have had no additional adverse loss development. Let’s turn to capital on Slide 10, our balance sheet remains strong with approximately $2.5 billion of excess capital. Based upon our risk management assessment, we reduced our contingent capital for market dislocation from $500 million to $250 million which contributed to the increase in excess capital. We continue to return over 100% of operating earnings to shareholders with $442 million distributed through dividends and share repurchase in the quarter. Our significant return on capital is an important driver of our ROE expansion reaching 22.1%. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS. Please, go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - UBS:  I just wanted to start with the Asset Management earnings for the quarter, I guess $208 million. If I look back over the past four quarters and take out the disclosed items that you typically give us, seems the range has been $178 million to $194 million, so 3Q 2014 was quite a bit above that range. My first question was there anything either seasonal or unusual that drove the upside in 3Q versus what we've seen the past couple of quarters?  
Walter Berman : Suneet, its Walter. The two things, we had performance fees and also the market gave us a lift and those are the two items that drove both the earnings up and the margin going up 40. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Can you quantify the performance fees?
Walter Berman: It’s around $9 million. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS: And that's not -- that's not a quarterly thing that happens? That's just a third quarter event?
Walter Berman: No. That actually happens throughout the quarters. And as we -- but that does happen throughout the quarters.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Okay. So we could see that again in 4Q, performance from Israel.
Walter Berman: Absolutely.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Moving to Advice & Wealth Management, at your investor day, you gave us some good information about some of the margins by channel. Could give us an update in terms of where you sit today? 
Walter Berman:  As we indicated on the employee channel, that is certainly heading into the high single digits, and that is improving, as we talked about. And certainly on our franchise channel is performing in the high teens. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Okay. And then on the recruited advisors of 81, has there been any change? My understanding is over the past several quarters it’s been about 50-50 between which channels the EARs go into. Is that about where you continue to be?
Walter Berman: That’s approximately right. Yes.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Then my last question and I'll re-queue, is just on the earnings mix. So 64% from Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management, if you exclude the unlocks, that seems to be coming in higher than at least where I thought it would be at this stage in the story. Where do you see that going over the next couple years in terms of the earnings contribution from A&WM and Asset Management?
Walter Berman: As Jim has indicated and we indicated, certainly we see that it could hit 70%. We see it going up. And we talked about 70%, and certainly again into that range. So, and it is tracking. We’re doing well in the two areas.
Suneet Kamath - UBS:  Okay. It just seems to me that we could push above 70%, particularly if short-term interest rates start to give you some help.
Walter Berman: One could, yes.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: All right. I’ll re-queue. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bill Katz from Citi. Please, go ahead. 
Bill Katz - Citi :  Thank you very much. Good morning. I appreciate you taking the questions. Just staying on the Asset Management business for a moment. Your adjusted margin was over 40%. I think it's a bit higher, you called out some performance fees, but I assume there's some comp against that. So, when you look on a go-forward basis, just given some of the new product development that you have coming down the pike, how are you thinking about margin opportunity from here? 
James Cracchiolo: The margin opportunity, as we said, we were in the ranges of the upper 30s, and I think that again is a market driven and other things, and certainly as the products take on, you get mix shifts also coming between fixed and equity so there’s a lot of moving parts to it. But certainly staying in the upper teens and 40 range is certainly something that is possible. Again, it’s subjects to market, so if the mix shift as it relates to where it's fixed or its equity.
Bill Katz - Citi : In terms of the flow dynamics, I'm sort of curious. A lot of volatility through the end of the third quarter and into October. Any sort of update on real time trends of what's happening? Then the broader question would be, [you listed offers here at] sort of five or six initiatives maybe even more than that. When do you think that you could start to see some unit growth filtering into net flows from those initiatives?
James Cracchiolo: Well, what we see, this is Jim. What we see right now is we still have a good strong pipeline and institutional business. We’ve been expanding some of our mandates on a more global basis, and winning business there. We are building new products and capabilities, both our global as well as our asset allocation, risk parody, et cetera. And we see flows starting to come in, in that type of area. Probably as we go into the 2015 and the quarters in 2015 that that would hopefully start to add to our flow picture as those products come more online and we build up the sales channel for it. The retail, we see some improvements. Retail sales slowed a bit in the third quarter because of Europe. I think you'll find that across the industry. It’s more of a slowing on the sales, but that has bounced back in the past as things settled. So we’re expecting hopefully that over the next number of months to continue to turn around again. And if we look at the U.S. side of it, we think there is a large opportunity for us to get really focused. We have a new leadership. We are really looking at our various channels and our products right now. So hopefully we’ll gain some traction. We see some traction being gained, but unfortunately we had some additional outflows that we experienced in the third quarter from some of the DCIO et cetera that we think is starting to stem. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please, go ahead.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: Great. Hey, Jim, Walter, good morning, guys. The first question I'm going to have is around the AWM business, one of the larger independent players in the space has been facing some challenges more recently with respect to compliance and regulation-related issues. I was just wondering whether or not when you look at your financial advisor pipeline you starting to potentially gain more traction? Partially due to these sort of dislocations in the industry seeing how you guys have been somehow more immune from some of these compliance issues.
Walter Berman: We have a very good compliance model in place, good technology, good supervision. We have very good expertise, particularly in some of these alternative products that we offer. So we feel very comfortable about that from a compliance and regulatory perspective. We are seeing a good pipeline of people both coming from independence as well as from the warehouses into our channel. One of the things that we sort of focus on is making sure that we do a very good compliant business, but we also are very focused from our client perspective. One of the keys that we really look for is high client satisfaction. As we mentioned, we just completed our annual study there, and our client satisfaction is quite strong, both for the advisor and the firm. And that’s some of the things that we really focus on. And when we put the tools, the capabilities, the programs we have in place and the advice type of model. So that’s what we're looking to continue to attract here for new people joining us.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And since you mentioned, just curious if you guys would be willing to tell what -- when look at the OEM revenues, how much are non-traded REITs, have been contributing so far this year?
Walter Berman: I don’t have that off the top of my head, but I think it’s actually a bit lower than it has been in the past based on just the market situation for some of those products, less on the compliant end for us. That hasn’t been an issue. It’s just more on the type of product in this market environment.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs : Got it. Thanks. Second question for Walter. Clearly G&A has been really well controlled both in AWM and Asset Management. Maybe taking a step back, kind of bigger picture, if you could talk a little bit about how should we think about the growth in the G&A expense in both of these segments from here into 2015?
James Cracchiolo: Again, we it’s one of the focuses is, Alex, of the way we manage the business both to invest in the business and reengineer, and that continually is being done. So we do look at that as something that we manage and contain relative to the opportunity and relative to our revenue growth. So you should see it being controlled going forward as we look into 2015. 
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs : Got it. Good to know. Then the last one for me, I noticed the amount of excess capital increased due to some of the reasons you guys discussed in the press release. Sort of additional $500 million relative to where you were last quarter. At the same time and not that anybody's complaining, but the amount in dollar terms of your kind of total buybacks and dividends has gone down over the last few quarters relative to what you were doing in 2013. So I guess when you kind of put these two things together, how should we think about deployment of that extra $500 million that showed up in your excess capital? 
Walter Berman: Okay. Obviously we continue to evaluate the situation. But we certainly are committed to returning to our shareholders. And right now we’re close to 110%. It is lower than it has been. As Jim said and we’ve said, we will certainly manage it as we see the stock price, as we see the situation and being optimistic about it. But you see the trend line increasing as we indicated going forward, as what they that. So it will be something that, again we will continue to evaluate, but certainly it should be on a good trend line.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from a follow-up from Suneet Kamath from UBS. Please, go ahead. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS : Thanks for the second question. Just to clarify on the performance fees at Threadneedle, the $9 million, Walter, that you cited, was that a revenue number or a pretax earnings number?
Walter Berman: That was pre-tax.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Pretax earnings, okay. Then I guess on the annuity business, particularly the variable annuity business. I guess if I look at your capital allocation, it's only about $564 million or about 0.7% of account value. That just seems like a very low capital allocation versus what I'm used to seeing from other companies. And I know your mix of business might be different from other companies. But I guess I'm just trying to understand how you get comfortable with only allocating that much capital to the business? That certainly has tail risk as we've seen in recent periods.
James Cracchiolo: This has been consistent as we’ve evaluated our strategy of offering product, and certainly the way we hedge the product, and certainly as we’ve gone into a more macro hedging. It has been something that has been. I would say the cornerstone of how we approach this business, which does distinguish us, I believe, from others. So we have evaluated the situation using the approach that I told you, multiple stress, looking at it. But you have to take a look at the product construct that we have, both the historic, and then just switching to the managed file, now more nonliving benefits and certainly the stability of the network and solution sector and the hedging that we’ve deployed again. So we actually do feel very comfortable in evaluating and we’re taking down from 500 to 250 looking at the situations. And we’ve been very consistent. I do feel very comfortable with it.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Pretax earnings, okay. Then I guess on the annuity business, particularly the variable annuity business. I guess if I look at your capital allocation, it's only about $564 million or about 0.7% of account value. That just seems like a very low capital allocation versus what I'm used to seeing from other companies. And I know your mix of business might be different from other companies. But I guess I'm just trying to understand how you get comfortable with only allocating that much capital to the business? That certainly has tail risk as we've seen in recent periods.
James Cracchiolo: This has been consistent as we’ve evaluated our strategy of offering product, and certainly the way we hedge the product, and certainly as we’ve gone into a more macro hedging. It has been something that has been I would say the cornerstone of how we approach this business, which does distinguish us, I believe, from others. So we have evaluated the situation using the approach that I told you, multiple stress, looking at it. But you have to take a look at the product construct that we have, both the historic, and then just switching to the managed file, now more nonliving benefits and certainly the stability of the network and solution sector and the hedging that we’ve deployed again. So we actually do feel very comfortable in evaluating and we’re taking down from 500 to 250 looking at the situations. And we’ve been very consistent. I do feel very comfortable with it.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Got it. And then I guess of the improvement in excess capital from I guess roughly $2 billion to $2.5 billion. So clearly $250 million of the $500 million is your decision to take down the contingent. But the remaining $250 million, whatever the number is, is that really just market movements between hedges and variable annuity liabilities that could reverse? Particularly if interest rates rise over the next couple quarters?
James Cracchiolo: Yes, that’s part of it. And I would say the other part is a small portion of the debt that we just issued, went into that too. Because again, as we talked about, we are planning on certainly taking advantage of the rate situation and to use that for future maturities, but it is that and a small piece of it is the debt.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Right. So if rates move up by the time we get to 4Q that would have a negative impact on the $2.5 billion of excess? 
James Cracchiolo:  It will have somewhat of a negative, but again, looking at our hedging strategy, looking at the other elements within it, it is certainly manageable within that. And so when we look at it, and I’ll candid, taking it down from 500 to 250, we’ve looked over -- nobody can predict everything, but we looked up for multiple periods to ensure that we’d be able to feel comfortable about that. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Balyasny. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski - Balyasny: Hi, thanks. It's Mike Zaremski from Balyasny. Two quick questions. In auto and home, you mentioned catastrophe levels were similar to last year's levels. On an absolute basis, are those levels above or below plan for Q3? And also just curious, the equity volatility that we've seen in October, does that have any kind of meaningful impact on activity levels or anything in AWM or Asset Management outside of obvious equity markets sensitivity to earnings?
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. On the Auto & Home, it was within ranges, a couple of main dials, but it was pretty close with what it would be.
Walter Berman: Just on the impact from the equity markets, we have not seen any material change in regard to the retail business at AWM or in regard to asset management in general. What we did see and did talk about was a little more of the European slowdown from the volatility or the concerns that were in Europe and so that we have seen as a little bit of an effect, particularly on the retail flows in Europe.  
Suneet Kamath - UBS : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from a follow up from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for the follow-up, guys. Just a quick one for you. When you look at short-term funds or the balances you disclosed on the AWM slide, $23 billion of which the $19 billion is in the brokerage sweep. I guess my question is where's the remaining $4 billion? And as we think about the sensitivity to higher interest rates for this business, do we -- do you guys usually talk about the $19 billion or the whole $23 billion? Maybe help square that away. I don't know if it's in money market funds where you get the few dollars back or something of that nature.
Walter Berman: It’s Walter, Alex. It’s in certificates. Short term certificates and it so it will have an impact as the markets go up and in given us better spreads. But again, it’s in the calculation. It will not be as rapid as certainly a big sweep accounts, but certainly we'll get benefit from it.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs : How does the sensitivity work in that $4 billion?
Walter Berman: You mean sensitivity, obviously they’re in three months, six months, nine months maturity depending on where they in the cycle and depending on where the rates go, that's where we will pick it up. It's less reactive than sweep.
Alexander Blostein: Got it, but the magnitude overall, you would say is somewhat similar?
Walter Berman: Most of it's in the sweep, really.
Alexander Blostein: No? Okay. All right.
Walter Berman: It's more [indiscernible].
Alexander Blostein: All right. Thank you.
Walter Berman: You’re welcome.
Operator:  Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity -  James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Seth Tennant Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Ameriprise Financial Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Second Quarter Earnings Call. On the call today with me are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about the future and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2013 annual report to shareholders and our 2013 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. I'll start with my perspective on the quarter and how I'm feeling about the business. Walter will cover the numbers in more detail, and then we'll answer your questions. As you saw in our release, it was another strong quarter for Ameriprise, marking a very good first half of the year. We had meaningful operating net revenue growth, up 8% to $2.9 billion. Operating earnings were also strong at $408 million, with operating earnings per diluted share up 31% to $2.08, excluding the Cofunds gain from a year ago. Assets under management and administration reached an all-time high, increasing 15% to $810 billion, reflecting strong advisor client flows and positive markets. We're executing our strategy well, and I'm pleased with how Ameriprise is performing. Maintaining an excellent financial foundation is core to how we operate the company. Our capital and financial position is very strong, and we continue to generate significant free cash flows to return to shareholders. During the quarter, we returned $464 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And year-to-date, as of June 30, we returned $921 million to shareholders in excess of our total earnings. With our strong earnings and capital return, we delivered record operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, of 21.7%, up 380 basis points from a year ago. Let's get into the business, beginning with Advice & Wealth Management, where we're achieving excellent results. Operating net revenues were up 11% to $1.2 billion. A strong fee-based growth continues to offset the weight of low interest rates. I'm very pleased with the revenue growth we're delivering. Clients are engaged and active. Total client assets increased 16% to $435 billion, and we continue to have meaningful flows in our investment advisory programs. Our advisor productivity continues to grow nicely, increasing 14% to $468,000 on a trailing 12-month basis. Pretax operating earnings were up 29% to $194 million, and pretax operating margin increased significantly to 16.2%. We're focusing on taking advisor productivity even higher as advisors utilize the resources and capabilities that we invest in for them. Our priority is to bring in new clients and assets to Ameriprise and to deepen relationships with our current clients. Our "Real Questions, Real Answers" advertising campaign continues to resonate well with our clients and consumers and brand awareness is at record levels. Our Confident Retirement approach, which we feature in the campaign, is beginning to take hold. We're seeing a terrific initial response both from clients who have experienced it, as well as its effect on advisor practices. Client satisfaction to [ph] our approach is in the mid to upper 90s, and our advisors who have incorporated it into their practices are more productive. Importantly, our advisor force remains strong, and they're feeling good about the company. Retention and satisfaction rates remain very high. We continue to recruit good, productive advisors and brought in another 54 in the quarter. This is down a bit from where we started the year, but it's consistent with the overall slowdown in recruiting that the industry is experiencing. That said, the productivity of advisors we're bringing in is very good and growing. For the second half of the year, our recruiting pipeline looks good and is building. We're also supporting our advisors to benefit from the investments we've made, especially in our brokerage platform, online and mobile capabilities. Advisors who are taking advantage of our technology platform find that it helps them save time, increase efficiency and productivity. At the company level, we're starting to realize operating cost efficiencies from our technology. It's more than just tools, it's about the overall client experience. Temkin Trust Ratings indicate that in 2014, Ameriprise has the second-highest trust rating, as well as the highest forgiveness in the investment firm industry. Also during the quarter, DALBAR recognized Ameriprise as a social media "All-Star," giving us a 5-star rating in social engagement in their rankings of financial services firms. Our advisors are feeling good about the value proposition and growth opportunity they have here. I've just returned from a national conference with our top 1,500 advisors. I've heard from many of them about how energized they are about Ameriprise. The marketing, technology and leadership we're providing, and importantly, their ability to grow even further. Overall, it was another excellent quarter for Advice & Wealth Management. We're delivering nice growth and profitability across the business. The business is consistently generating the results we expected and that we told you we could achieve. Our focus is to continue to execute well and maintain our momentum. Now let me turn to Asset Management, where we're delivering competitive financial results and gaining some traction. Our assets under management grew to $518 billion, up 13% from a year ago, mainly driven by positive equity markets in the U.S. and Europe. The combination of solid revenue growth and good expense management drove operating earnings up 21% to $199 million when adjusting for the prior year gain. We're delivering competitive investment performance with the exception of a few areas, which we are addressing. With regard to flows, we generated net inflows of $4.4 billion in the quarter compared to $2.1 billion of outflows last year. Walter will take you through the details, but at a high level, we continue to experience strong net inflows in the U.K. and Europe, which have offset outflows from a manager change last quarter. Domestically, we're working to expand our presence on key platforms and other distribution channels. While we remain in net outflows, we're seeing some improvement, most notably in our former parent affiliated channel, and we're addressing challenges in DCIO. And in institutional, the pipeline looks good and continues to build. The same change place mandate funded in the quarter, and we're making very good progress in the traditional third-party business, with a number of wins in the quarter that reflect a healthy pipeline. In addition, we're making good progress in a number of other areas, including in investment solutions as well as global products. We're adding to our product capabilities. A great example is the Columbia adoptive risk allocation product that recently launched, managed by Jeff Knight and the team. We have a similar product for retail clients. In addition, Columbia flexible capital income fund just reached its 3-year anniversary, and Threadneedle launched a global corporate bond fund that benefits from the fixed income capabilities of both Threadneedle and Columbia. We're also adding talent. We recently hired industry veteran Bill Landis to lead the strategic plan for Columbia's multi-asset solution business. We'll soon be announcing a new head of our U.S. intermediary organization. These are 2 important growth opportunities for us, and I feel good about the team we're putting in place. As I've discussed, there's more work to do, but we're moving in a positive direction. Let's move to Annuities and Protection, key businesses and central to our Confident Retirement approach. Our Annuity business is well positioned and we're generating good returns with lower risk and volatility. We built a differentiated business that we're growing at the moderate pace we want. In variable annuities, client account balances grew 10% due to market appreciation. We have $1.2 billion in new sales in our channel. And as we noted, about a quarter of those sales were without living benefits. In addition, clients and advisors continue to move assets to our portfolio stabilizer funds, which enhances our clients, as well as our overall risk profile. We're making enhancements to our VAs without living benefits. We're adding 4 new investment options at the end of the quarter and helping advisors and clients understand the benefits these income solutions can provides through our Confident Retirement approach. We're also developing additional services to support income management that we plan to release later this year. In fixed annuities, while earnings are down, results are in line with what we expected. As we stated, our focus remains on the overall profitability of the book. As these products come out of rate guarantee periods, we're able to reprice to mitigate the rate impact. In Protection, our financial results in the quarter were flat to last year.  Let's start with life insurance, where earnings were up and continue to reflect good claims experience. Variable universal life sales picked up year-over-year, and VUL/UL ending account balances were up 10%. In Auto & Home, premiums are up nicely, and we had good policy growth, up 12% from a year ago. We're working to deepen our relationships with our affiliate partners, and our own advisors are seeing nice progress. Auto & Home is rated one of the best firms for client satisfaction, and retention also remains very high. As I've mentioned, Auto & Home earnings suffered because of weather-related losses in the quarter, consistent with others in the industry. Overall, Ameriprise had a strong second quarter and a very good first half of the year. We're executing our strategy well and realizing the benefits as we continue to invest for further growth. Overall, revenues are growing nicely, and we're delivering excellent operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, that is now almost 22%. Our strong business results and ability to generate significant free cash flow provide us the ability to continue to return to shareholders, as we have in the past, and we have maintained the capability to do that through our newly increased buyback authorization. With that, I'd like to hand things over to Walter.
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered another quarter of excellent financial results. Let's start with operating net revenue growth on Page 3. In total, operating net revenues grew 8%, excluding the gain on the sale of Cofunds last year, driven by strong operating fundamentals. This was led by particularly robust growth in Advice & Wealth Management. Revenue growth, combined with continued expense discipline, resulted in a record 16.2% margin in AWM and a 38.7% margin in Asset Management. Together, Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management operating earnings grew 25%, excluding the gain on Cofunds and account for over 60% of the earnings, demonstrating our continued business mix shift. Turning to Slide 4. Operating return on equity reached another all-time high of 21.7%, up nearly 400 basis points and solidly within our targeted range of 19% to 23%. Operating earnings per share also reached a new record level of $2.08, up 31%, excluding the gain of the sale of Cofunds, a credit to solid business growth and continued strong capital management. Moving to Slide 5. We continue to deliver excellent business metrics and financial results in Advice & Wealth Management, with 11% top line growth. Pretax operating earnings were up 29% to $194 million due to improved advisor productivity and continued strong asset growth. As we have discussed previously, we are seeing continued improvement in the earnings and margins in both the employee and franchise channels. In total, margins reached a new record high of 16.2%, up 230 basis points. These results were achieved with no benefit from interest rates on over $22 billion we have in short-term funds. Spread earned on the $18.5 billion of brokerage cash was just 17 basis points this quarter. So there remains a substantial upside potential from an increase in short-term rates going forward. Overall, it was another excellent quarter for AWM. And the business continues to deliver consistently good results, demonstrating the strength of our business model. Turning to Asset Management on Slide 6. Revenues increased to $844 million, primarily from growth in assets under management from strong markets. We've continued to manage expense tightly, with G&A up only 1%. This resulted in an underlying earnings growth of 21% and margins of 38.7%. Assets under management increased 13% from market appreciation and net flows, which I will cover in more detail on the next slide. In the quarter, we had a total of $4.4 billion of net inflows, with inflows in retail, institutional and alternative assets. We had a total net inflow of $600 million in retail. At Columbia, we had $700 million of retail inflows, including $3.5 billion of reinvested dividends. We had outflows in several areas we have discussed in the past, namely former parent affiliated distribution, the RIA channel and a sub advisor. In addition, we continue to face some challenges in the retail intermediate channel at Columbia, particularly in the DCIO channel. At Threadneedle, retail flows were breakeven, with strong underlying inflows offset by outflows in the U.S. equity product, where we had a portfolio manager change earlier this year. Performance has been solid under Diane Sobin's leadership, and we had added a few resources to round out the U.S. equity team. Institutional net inflows of $3.5 billion were driven by the funding of St. James Place mandate and third-party institutional flows at Columbia. Partially offsetting this were outflows from several former parent-related areas at both Columbia and Threadneedle, as well as a onetime outflow from corporate Liverpool Victoria assets. The third-party institutional pipeline looks quite solid as we look over the next few quarters. Turning to annuities on Slide 8. Pretax operating earnings were $170 million. Variable annuity pretax operating earnings grew 79% from a year ago, driven by the impact of clients moving to manage volatility funds, as well as higher fees and mean reversion from improved equity markets. We continue to see existing policyholders moving to manage volatility funds at a higher level than anticipated. Since the inception in quarter 4 of 2013, over $5 billion of account value has moved to these funds. The in-force book is solid, with account values up 10% to $78 billion. Our net amount at risk as a percent of account value is only 0.1% for both living benefits and death benefits. Variable annuities remain an important solution for our clients. We continue to write new business with very attractive risk profile, offering products with living benefit guarantees using our managed volatility funds and products without living benefits that provide tax advantage accumulation for our clients. In fixed annuities, pretax operating earnings were $30 million, down 6% from a year ago. These results are in line with our expectations, particularly given lower overall market sales and the repricing of a large block of policies. Fixed annuity account values declined 7% to $12.6 billion, primarily reflecting continued elevated lapse on products sold through third parties, where rates had been reset. This repricing initiative is largely complete and preceding in line with our expectations in terms of lapse and the favorable impact on spreads. Moving to Protection on Slide 9. Pretax operating earnings were flat at $91 million due to cat losses in Auto & Home. Our life and health businesses remain solid, and earnings are in line with expectations. Account balances grew for VUL and UL by 10%, and life and health claims experience remains good. Auto & Home earnings were below expectations as a result of cat losses of $33 million. While this is consistent with the industry, cat losses were $12 million higher than anticipated. Let's turn to capital in Slide 10. Our balance sheet remains strong with over $2 billion of excess capital, and our RBC ratio is approximately 530%. We continue to return capital to shareholders with $464 million distributed through dividends and share repurchase in the quarter. A significant return of capital is an important driver of our ROE expansion. We reached a record 21.7%, which is solidly in line with our targeted range of 19% to 23%. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question on the flow dynamic. Look, I mean, I guess we've seen the legacy related and the parent -- legacy parent-related, sorry, outflows for quite some time. And in your prepared comments, sounds like at Columbia, in particular, maybe they've gotten a little bit better, but flows are still fairly, I guess, disappointing. So it implies, I guess, the rest of the business may have gotten a little bit worse. So can we just get, I guess, an update on what do you guys still think is at risk. And help us parse out the outlook for flows from here.
Walter S. Berman: On flows and looking at the quarter. Obviously, you saw that from our standpoint, there was -- the activity levels slowed. And basically, that was -- we evaluated the situation that the rebalancing was slower and which resulted in lower gross sales. And also, it's basically the same with the redemptions and the sales of basically a complacence. These people are pretty content where they are. We've checked through, and we've seen this trend with the industry in several of our peers. So we do see that we are making progress, and as we indicated, the flows from the former parent and certainly related are within the ranges and actually performing. So again, we're on track. It's, again, work to be done. But it is -- I think, we are making progress and still progress to be made.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, Alex, I think we -- to Walter's point, we saw a bit slowing in the sales. Outside of the x parent -- I mean, the Zurich, we're always going to have that and we also will always have part of the outflows from the large base that we have for the affiliated. That's more of a natural rebalancing that will continue to occur. So we're not concerned about that. In fact, those look like they actually, similar to what Walter said for the industry, sort of slowed a little bit because the redemptions weren't as high and even though the sales were a bit lower. I think the 2 things that probably affect us a little more in the second quarter was we continued to get the outflow from the U.S. desk that we had in Threadneedle, and that's in the retail side. We had booked the same change as an institutional mandate. And then, in the U.S., a bit more, as Walter said in his comments and I said in the DCIO, where there was a little bit more of an outflow that we experienced there in some of the Wanger product and in one of the funds. And so I think adjusted for that, we would have saw some improvement. But we did see across the industry a bit of a slowing, and we did have a bit of a slowing in sales in the second quarter in retail.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes -- no. And I totally appreciate just the slow of flow dynamics in the industry as well this quarter. But I guess, if we were to think about the 3 buckets, one being Columbia, former parent-related AUM, how much is there still that's sort of risk? And then the same comment, I guess, on Threadneedle from the U.S. team that left. How much AUM is there and how much is at risk? So this way we can kind of rank [ph] them. What should be potential in your runoff versus the progress that you're making on the [indiscernible]
James M. Cracchiolo: Right. So in the affiliated at Columbia, there are, I don't know, a few billion dollars left. Some Bank of America, some Balboa, et cetera. And that will flow out a little over time. We should see a bit of that come out in the fourth quarter. But again, we don't know exactly. The Balboa, as an example, it's a little lumpy, but that has come down a lot. So that would be one area. Then we have what would be ongoing distribution with Bank of America. And just based on the natural evolution of those assets as they further diversify from some of our mandates, whereas when the new sales go into a broader group of mandates, we're going to continue to see some outflow there. We mentioned over the course of the year $3 billion to $4 billion in total. But again, that actually got a bit better in the second quarter. So -- but that will continue. And then the Zurich, we roughly tell you, is going to be roughly about $4 billion a year U.S. And that's just the natural flow. Now having said that, those assets have good retention of what's there with appreciation. So it's not as though we're losing the fee, but it will still go through the flow line item. Now where do we see uptick? We see good uptick in our institutional mandates. We have a good pipeline that's being built, and some of that's starting to win -- we won and we'll fund. So we feel good about that both domestically and internationally. We still have good retail sales in the U.K. and Europe and Threadneedle. So that, we feel good about. We have more work to do in the U.S. intermediary. We're making some changes there, both from a leadership perspective as well as from a product and marketing and various things of how we align that to get on various platforms, and that we're putting a lot more focus and concentration on with a new leadership lineup there. So we feel good about that. And we also feel good about some of the new solutions business that we're putting some time and effort in that we think will pay some good dividends over time that would even build the institution, and even in retail for some of the products that we'll come out with. So the retail is still a bit more of a work in progress in the U.S. It's actually built momentum in the U.K. and Europe, and institutional is moving along nicely.
Walter S. Berman: Alex, as I said in my prepared remarks, the other [ph] thing as related to the U.S. equities. For TAM retail, they actually were flat, absorbing the $1.5 billion on U.S. equity outflow. So they're -- we're having strong inflow performance. We can -- we've seen it slow obviously in the June time frame, and Diane's performance has been quite good. So we're gauging it right now. But it's -- I think we have a little ways to go, but we just don't have an exact number. It's tracking, I guess, in the range where we thought at this stage.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. Second question on the margins and I guess both AWM and the Asset Management business. You guys continue to put up really strong results in AWM. And I think this is the question that kind of comes up every call, but you guys continue to kind of, I guess, surpass even the expectation of the layout [ph] for yourself. But where do you guys see this margin shaking out, I guess, towards the end of year as some of these new FAs come in? Because it does sound like the cost control in G&A front [ph] was pretty good.
Walter S. Berman: Okay. Obviously, last quarter, I was talking about being at 15.5% to 16%. The market's really -- we have a solid base of assets and certainly strong flow performance. So I would say, again, I hate estimating these things. But certainly, we -- this level seems comfortable. Again, subject to market changes, everything of that nature.
James M. Cracchiolo: I think what I would say, Alex, with that is you always get adjusted [ph] quarter-to-quarter or various things, but our expense trends and what we're doing there is holding. We are getting good leverage off of the investments we've made. We're continuing to make good investment. So I want to be very clear. We're not doing that because we stopped investing. We're still investing nicely in a number of new capabilities and products and services that we've just -- including just what we launched last quarter and what we're putting behind [ph]. So we're making good investments, but we're managing our expenses well. We're getting leverage of the investments that we mentioned to you previously that we invested in, in technology. That's also deriving some savings for us as we lower call [ph] volume and other activities, transaction, manual efforts that we used to do. Our advisors are seeing productivity lifts from taking up these things, including our Confident Retirement approach and our focus in the market. So I think a combination of factors. We feel good about the margins. So we're going to continue to want to grow our productivity which, hopefully, will add to margins as we go on. And as you still know, I mean, we're probably at an all-time low in interest rate effect, just because old contracts have rolled off and we're probably at a very low level now. So any pickup there will be a benefit over time. So no, we feel very good about the progress we're making. We're going to continue to look to make progress. So I'm not saying we'll stop here. And the other side of it is our focus has been on driving our asset levels and our productivity, which will then, as we maintain and leverage the expenses in the investments we've made, will build the margin.
Operator: The next question is from Seth Tennant with Citi.
Seth Tennant: Yes, can you discuss your current interest in M&A and the type of properties you would be most interested in? Would you be looking at another large asset manager or more focused on filling specific product gaps?
James M. Cracchiolo: As we continue -- we're investing in new product and capability and building out some of our solutions area right now with the talent that we've been adding and some of the global product that we're putting out between Columbia and Threadneedle. So we're going to continue to push forward there. We also launched a new fund in Asia, and we have now 3 or 4 up. So we're going to continue to do that. We will continue to look for -- in product areas and certain disciplines that we don't necessarily have here at Columbia. So we'll look around in some of those areas, but they wouldn't be major acquisitions. In regard to anything larger, it really would depend on whether it would add some larger capability to us or distribution that would make sense strategically. But as we continue to operate, we'll probably put a bit more in the first one I mentioned, which is more of product areas that would continue to build against our portfolio capabilities. Again, we don't rule out something wonderful that pops up. But having said that, we don't necessarily count on those things happening.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I don't want to take anything away from the strong AWM margins or the good flows in Asset Management, but I wanted hit on Protection in 2 places. First, on long-term care, another insurance company just reported a pretty weak result in long-term care, and I believe you've reinsured some of your business with that carrier. So I just want to get a sense of what your block looks like, how you're feeling about that block. And do you have any comments on how much of that business has lifetime benefits and when it was originally written?
James M. Cracchiolo: Sure. Again, looking at our block, as we've been talking about, we have started program of appropriately raising rates for a while now. And our claims performance been within our target ranges. So again, we've been dealing with that, and it's small, relatively small to our situation. So these policies of -- I believe we're in the late '90s. Most of them -- I believe most of them were done back then. I don't recall the percentage on the lifetime side of it. But we've been certainly monitoring, looking and taking [indiscernible]. So we are feeling that, number one, as I said, it's small relative to -- as we talked about before and that we -- it's been performing, again, within ranges and, again, within the levels that we anticipated. So we don't see a concern at this time.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then I wanted to shift over to the Auto & Home business, because that's a business that, I think it's fair to say has been underperforming for several quarters now. And I know, Jim, in the past, you talked about your commitment to the business and all of that. But I'm just wondering if you've given anymore thought as to whether or not you need to manufacture that product or whether you can outsource manufacturing to some other P&C companies and allow your advisors just to sell their products.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. We don't own the P&C business because of the sales per se to our advisor channel. It's one of the affinity channels that the product is sold to. So it's not necessarily, I would say, core against our franchise channel. We have and are continuing to focus on that business. We have been underperforming for the last few quarters. This last quarter, the underperformance really came from the cat losses. It was solely driven by that as you saw experienced in the industry and it's a nature [ph] part of that business. From that perspective, we feel like we can continue to get appropriate rate there. We know that there are things that we can continue to do that we're very much focused on that would enhance our various pricing and various underwriting and risk in certain areas that cause some of the underperformance in certain states based on changes that have occurred out there, both in the legal environment as well as with various other competitors. So we actually feel like there's a lot that we can do to get that business back to a more higher performing in its results -- bottom line results. We also know after further study, externally, by external sources, that this is actually one of the better businesses out there and the type of model that we have and the cost structure of the business and how we operate it. So if we can fix a few of the things that we know we can fix, which we will be working on, we could have a very high-performing business. Now that doesn't answer your question necessarily of whether it's a business that is long-term integrated in core. We like it because of its level of diversification. We like it that we're building appropriate scale in it. And if we can operate it to generate the type of dynamics, it will give us a lot of choice of what we do with it. So it is a little bit more of a work that we have underway, but we already start to see signs that, that will come to fruition. And at the same time, we're growing the business nicely and diversifying it. And so we're very happy with the business. I know it hasn't been reflected because of whether it's cat losses and storms or some of the extra reserves that we took recently. But we feel that, that reserving situation is behind us. And now we'll be focused on really dealing more with the external environment a little, as the industry is. But I think we'll start to see better bottom line returns coming over the next number of quarters.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just one quick one for Walter on the variable annuities. How much more of your VA book could move potentially to these volatility managed funds? Because it seems like every time that happens, you get an earnings benefit. So I'm just wondering how much more could be in front of us here.
Walter S. Berman: Well, actually, we've seen -- we've -- so far $5 billion has moved. We are seeing it slowing again and within anticipated levels. So it will be slowing as we head through the cycle. But there's a continuous element to it. We think it's actually a very good thing, because it's good for the customers and it's good for our risk profiling. And so it works for both of us. So it is definitely slowing, and we're seeing it from that standpoint. So it will be coming through, but I think it will be certainly at a lower level.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Alicia Charity - IR Walter Berman - CFO 
Analysts:  Suneet Kamath - UBS Steve Fullerton - Citi Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs  
Operator:  Welcome to the Q1, 2014 Earnings Call. My name is Don and I will be the operator for today’s call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. You may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's first quarter earnings call. Unfortunately Jim Cracchiolo, our Chairman and CEO is not feeling well and is unable to join today’s call. Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer will review financial performance in the quarter and then take your questions. As a reminder we will be hosting our financial community meeting on May 14th at 9 A.M. The meeting information and registration are on our website. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2013 Annual Report to Shareholders, and our 2013 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Walter.
Walter Berman:  Thank you Alicia. Jim sends his apologizes and looks forward to providing you with an update on our strategy and business growth initiatives in a few weeks at our Investor Day. I will touch business highlights and focus on the financial results. Ameriprise delivered excellent financial results again this quarter. Business leading indicators remain strong with solid revenue growth and disciplined expense management. Assets under management and administration increased 11% to 783 billion reflecting strong Advice client flows and positive markets. Let’s start with operating net growth on page 3, in total operating net revenues grew 8% led by strong growth in Advice and Wealth Management up 13% and asset management up 8% versus last year. This growth coupled with effective expense management resulted in a record 15.8% margin in AWM and a 39% margin in asset management. Together Advice and Wealth Management and asset management operating earnings grew 36% from last year and now account for 61% of earnings representing substantial progress in shifting our business mix. Turning to slide 4, operating return on equity reached an all-time high of 20.8% up over 400 basis points from last year. Operating earnings per share reached a new record level of $2.04 up a strong 28%. The combination of our strong financial results and the level of free cash generation is a strong point of differentiation for Ameriprise that is creating clear shareholder value.  Moving to slide 5, we continue to deliver excellent metrics and financial results in Advice and Wealth Management with pretax operating earnings up 39%. This was driven by asset based activity which was up 18% and transactional based activity up 6%. Clients are engaged in activity increase again this quarter was exceptionally strong wrap net inflows. After a record year in 2013 wrap net inflows hit another record level in quarter one of $4.2 billion. Total wrap assets are now a 159 billion up 19% from a year ago and total client assets were up 12% to a 418 billion. Importantly our advisor force remains strong and retention and satisfaction rates remain high. We continue to recruit, good productivity people and brought in another 76 experienced advisors in the first quarter. We have also seen significant margin expansion which reached a new record high of 15.8% in the quarter up 300 basis points from last year. We delivered the strong business and financial performance in the face of an $8 million headwind from low interest rates. The spread earned on the 19.3 billion or brokerage cash decreased to 16 basis points from 37 basis points a year ago. At the current level the downside risk from continued to low short term interest rates is marginal. That said there is substantial upside opportunities associated with an increase in short term interest rates. Overall it was another excellent quarter for AWM. We delivered good growth and profitability in both the employee and franchise channels. The business is consistently delivering the results we indicated that we could achieve. Turning to asset management on slide 6, revenues increased to 807 million from 746 million last year, primarily from growth in assets under management. Assets under management increased 8% from market appreciation offset by net outflows which I will cover in more detail in a moment. We also continued to manage expenses tightly. These have resulted in strong earnings growth of 33% to a 183 million and margin expansion to 39%. In the quarter we had a total of 3.9 billion of net outflows. Outflows were concentrated in two areas, first, we had 1.8 billion of outflows from legacy relationships including a legacy insurance mandate at Threadneedle and a former parent affiliated distribution relationship at Columbia. Secondly, we had 2.1 billion of net outflows associated with the manager change on the U.S. equities team at Threadneedle. The outflows are inline with what we expected and we may see some additional outflows this year. Excluding these items, results remain mixed. At Columbia, excluding the legacy outflows I discussed retail outflows were 2.2 billion and included 1 billion of outflows in the defined contribution investment only channel. This reflected poor performance in a few funds and changes have been made to improve results. Overall, we’re gaining traction. We’re gaining some platform wins and have been added to a number of model portfolios and continue to improve wholesaler productivity. However, this is taking a bit of time to translate into gross sales. At Threadneedle excluding the PM departure, retail inflows were $1.2 billion with particular strength in our UK and global equity products. In April, we won a $5.5 billion retail mandate to manage assets in a strategic managed fund which holds a combination of global and UK domestic equities and bonds. We expect it will fund in the second quarter. In institutional, we had net inflows of $0.5 billion excluding the legacy relationships I previously mentioned. We’re winning mandates and continue to have a good pipeline. Overall in asset management we know that we need to execute well to strength our position in the marketplace and drive profitable net inflows. We are making good progress in growing higher fee business while reinforcing strong client relationships and building our global organization. Our teams are collaborating across multiple areas of our business and we’re launching a number of investment products and solutions using to the bond capability of both Threadneedle and Columbia. As I discussed there is more work to do but we’re moving in a positive direction. Turning to annuities on slide 8, pretax operating earnings were a $176 million. Variable annuity pretax operating earnings grew 38% from a year ago driven by the impact of clients moving to managed volatility funds and improved equity market performance offset by lower mean reversion. Existing policy hold the movement to manage volatility funds remains very strong and has been higher than we anticipated. This resulted in a benefit to earnings again this quarter as the managed volatility funds require lower reserves. In fixed annuities pretax operating earnings were $31 million down 16% from a year ago. These results are in-line our expectations particularly given lower overall market sales. Fixed annuity account values declined 5% primarily reflecting continued elevated lapses on product sold through third parties where rates have been reset. This is offset by the change of crediting rates, which decreased the level of spread compression in the quarter. Approximately $1 billion of this lot will be repriced in the balance of the year. This initiative is proceeding in-line with our expectation in terms of lapse and the favorable impact on spreads. Moving to protection on slide 9, pretax operating earnings were 59 million down significantly from the prior year due to losses in auto and home. Our life and health businesses remain solid and earnings are aligned with expectations. We continue to have good sales up 22%, claims experience was good although at a higher level than last year. Auto and home earnings were impacted by severe winter weather that affected the industry and by a reserve increase. Based upon additional analysis and information regarding continued adverse development bodily injury claims associated with accident years 2011 and 2012, we increased reserves. We believe that this reserve strengthening appropriately addresses this issue. To-date the 2013 accident year have better experience than 2011 and 2012. That being said our auto and home business metrics are good. We had steady policy growth up 11% from a year ago. We are working to deepen our relationships with our affinity partners and our own advisors and we’re seeing nice progress. Auto and home is rated one of the best firms for client satisfaction and retention also remains high. Let’s turn to capital on slide 10, we ended the quarter with continued strong balance sheet fundamentals. Approximately 2 billion of excess capital and an RBC ratio of over 500%. We returned 457 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in the quarter. We remain committed to continue to raise our dividends and announce a 12% increase yesterday. This brings our payout ratio to the high 20% range. Additionally our Board of Directors approved a new 2.5 billion share repurchase authorized over the next two years. Return of capital is an important driver of our ROE expansion, we reached a record 20.8% which is above our target range of 15% to 18%. With that I will take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: A couple on Advice and Wealth to start, first I guess the margin as you discussed was 15.8% in the quarter and I think the commentary suggested that the expenses in the quarter were a little light. So I guess I’m just wondering, how do you see that margin progressing over the course of 2014 particularly as expenses start to ramp up?
Walter Berman: Okay, if you look at the year for 2013 it was 13.8% we ended at 14.2%. Looking at it and looking at the revenue growth we see and trying to manage our expenses basically flat or little above that. Probably I would say somewhere around 150 to 200 basis points above that should be a reasonable target range for the average for the year.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: So 150 to 200 over the 13.8%?
Walter Berman:  Yes that’s correct.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Got it. And I guess on the employee advisor count, I think we talked about this last quarter, but you lost another 50, I guess sequentially. I know there was some nuances last quarter that caused the advisor count not to grow. But I am just wondering at what point will we start to see the employee advisor count actually start to grow, because my sense is that’s a decent driver of the margin upside in that channel.
Walter Berman: Yes and again as Jim has said, the issue -- the number’s important no matter -- but it's actually the quality of the advisor we’re bringing which from a trailing 12 and the AUM we’re bringing on is substantially higher than we have seen in 2013. So Jim has indicated that we certainly at one point will start to grow the number but really the most important thing to concentrate on is the quality and the activity levels in AUM they are bringing which is really leverages the profitability of the AUM activity. Again we’re looking at and we’re dealing with trying to drive profitable growth and so on that basis that will be the focus and certainly I agree if you -- more you bring on but again profitable advisors is the key here.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Are you still running sort of in the 60% to 70% utilization of capacity in that channel?
Walter Berman: We’re actually approaching over 70% right now.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Last one is just on Columbia retail flows. I just want to go back to your prepared remarks. It seemed like your comment suggested that things are taking a little bit of time in terms of getting on these third-party platforms. I just want to understand are your comments consistent with what you've said in the past, or are you sort of suggesting to us that perhaps things are taking even a little bit longer than you had thought previously?
Walter Berman: I think it's taking a little long. I think we’re making good progress but it is taking a little longer from that standpoint and certainly we seeing sales that are good and redemptions are slowing. So we feel good about it but it is certainly taking a little longer than we indicated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Katz from Citi. Please go ahead.
Steve Fullerton - Citi: This is Steve Fullerton filling in for Bill. Just touching on Advice and Wealth again and the margin, some of your competitors have talked to increase competition for advisors. To what extent are you guys seeing maybe a tick up in Q1 in competition, and how that might affect the margin going forward?
Walter Berman: Yes we’re seeing some tick up, again we’re staying within the target zones that we talked about on the pay backs from a P&L standpoint under three years. Probably the biggest thing that is causing more I would say resistance from moving over is the market. When you get markets that are this strong it does create complacency but we’re still able to attract the type of advisors that we want -- which will drive profitable growth and it certainly is a bit more challenging but the team is doing an excellent job.
Steve Fullerton - Citi: And then just the Threadneedle, the $5.5 billion win that you guys had. What are kind of the main drivers there? And behind that, how does the pipeline look for these type of wins? And just digging in specifics, what drove the win on that mandate?  
Walter Berman: Again the mandate was based upon our capability and certainly demonstrating not just of the performance of the PM but the total capability of Threadneedle. Once they decided to leave their prior investment house we basically went into a bidding with them and certainly they demonstrated the capabilities that we had and they felt comfortable. As far as pipeline I can say as we talked about in the announcement the U.S. equity was down 2.1 billion but if you back away from that it was very, very strong growth both in retail and instructional. So it was a very good pipeline there and so we are feeling quite good about that and certainly we are quite I guess favorably taking with the -- awarding of the 5.5 billion from St. James it was certainly a good recognition of our capability.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: I guess in the past you've talked to -- with the advice margins about the opportunity to significantly improve the margin from the employee advisors. Hopefully you can comment on whether some of the improvement that we saw this quarter was kind of driven by that channel with that -- how important was that as a driver for the improvement we saw?
Walter Berman: Nigel I’m having a little trouble because you’re breaking up. Could you repeat the question? I just don’t want to not answer it appropriately.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Sure absolutely. So the employee advisors, you talked about them having margins in the low single digits before. Did we see -- was an improvement in the margins from the employee advisors one of the drivers that we saw improving the overall advice margins this quarter?
Walter Berman: Yes. Generally what is happening as we talked about we’re clearly seeing an improvement and as Jim has said it has moved from actually a loss situation into a positive. It's margins are in the 4 to 5 range and what you’re having is again advisors being attracted in. They are vintaging out, and they are also making a greater contribution to the fixed base. So we certainly think it's on the right trajectory to sort of yield the target of profitabilities that we see, but that has certainly occurred in the first quarter. 
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: And just one in property and casualty I guess another charge this quarter raises the question over whether those operations are really strategically important for Ameriprise? Do the charges that we saw lead Management to reassess the strategic importance of those operations to the company looking forward?
Walter Berman: The charge we took in the quarter, yes, back in the fourth quarter we took a charge of $20 million relating to bodily injury and uninsured motorists and what that related to was the 2011, 2012 primarily and what was happening we are seeing more legal claims moving into legal status from that [ph] which elongates them and certainly takes on a different reserving profile. We saw that continue to deteriorate after extensive review in the first quarter and that’s why we decided to take the reserves up. But we also took a look at 2013, while certainly it's a travel with that but certainly the initial indication is that some of the actions that we took plays in 2012 and 2011 as it relates both the pricing risk changes that we made and also looking at it from a credit linking to pricing and then focusing more eliminating or slowing down on the non-client is really starting to pay dividends, it's little early victory but certainly we’re seeing concrete evidence of improvement. The business is an excellent business, it really does, their service levels, their capabilities and meeting their affinity group. It is a real asset to the firm and yes we’re dealing with this and looking at it and we feel that we’re making the changes and it's a valuable portion of the form, while it's not core. It certainly adds a good diversifier and it's an important element. So again no guarantees but we certainly feel -- we’re dealing with it and they have good growth and a matter of fact they just added another line of business in the travel accident which again will add another dimension to their capability. So we think again working with them to look at an improved the value proposition as we move forward.  
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: A couple questions. I guess starting with AWM or I guess continuing with AWM. It sounded like there's been a slightly elevated sale of non-traded REIT products in the quarter. We've seen a similar dynamic from some of the competitors. I was wondering if you guys could size how much that has contributed to revenues this quarter kind of over and above the more normal run rate. And then I was hoping you can just give us an update on generally how things have progressed into April given the fact that market obviously got a little bumpier, so I was just kind of curious how the retail engagement overall has fared in the month of April.
Walter Berman: Again it's not, certainly the activity contributes to it but I will say we also saw a slowdown in annuity sales which negated it to a degree but it's not really material. The real as I mentioned, was the impact of the expense and again the timing of the expense. So we get the certainly the syndicates and REITs are coming through at different times we don’t know. But it was not a major-major element, we certainly had great performance in the quarter without that. I have not seen looking at the information and I’ve seen that I believe our productivity and performance characteristics and the growth in our assets and wrap assets are continuing. So again there was a little -- if you get into I don’t want to make excuses, there is a little weather activity going on the first as you saw in our auto and home which certainly didn’t help the situation but I think we’re tracking.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: So staying on the topic, you guys highlighted 76 financial advisors that came over in the first quarter in the kind of more experienced bucket. Can you give us a sense of the productivity for those advisors relative to 450,000 to 460,000 run rate that you guys are seeing in the rest of the book?
Walter Berman: I don’t have the exact number. I will get that back to you but it's certainly my recollection it was certainly, it was above that but let me get back to you on that.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: But overall the experienced bucket is continuing to kind come in above the run rate of what's in the book overall.
Walter Berman: Absolutely. The quality of what we’re bringing on again is certainly at a higher level both from a production and from assets under management.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: And then last one for me just shifting to I guess the asset management for a second again. Threadneedle, so obviously a challenging area with the U.S. product and then obviously a nice win from a big competitor in the UK. Can you help us understand, I guess, what else is at risk from the U.S. product? I know you said a couple billion dollars left this quarter, but my understanding is there is still a decent amount of assets left. How do you guys plan on keeping these assets intact? And then the flip side, the $5.5 billion win that you had, can you give us a fee rate on that?
Walter Berman: Okay. So let me deal with the first one. As we said we do anticipate there will be additional outflows, the Threadneedle team has done a superb job both from the team that we have in place with Diane. She has been there, she is excellent. We have supplemented it with people from the U.S. also and the full team and they are out of Threadneedle and performance has been very, very good and in addition to us PM performance, the entire support of the firm and both from distribution seeing every client discussing it. So we do feel there will be some. It will come through in different times but certainly we do not believe that anywhere near the full amount is that risk and this is actually pretty close to where we thought it would be. We will see -- the second quarter it will certainly diminish from that and we will work our way through -- and the team is working very, very hard and the performance has been very good. As far as the fees, we really don’t disclose that but I can’t say it's less than the U.S. equity one, all right, to put in proportion, all right?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: I just wanted to follow-up on the employee advisor margin. I guess the 4% to 5% range that you're talking about for, I believe it was the first quarter, where do you think that can get to overtime as these advisors continue to ramp up without the benefit of short-term rates? If we just leave rates where they are, where can that 4% to 5% get to over the next couple of years?
Walter Berman: Double and triple.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Double and triple over the next couple years without short term rates?
Walter Berman: Right.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back to Walter Berman for closing comments.
Walter Berman: Thank you everybody. I just look forward to seeing you at the FCM and again thanks.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 and Year End Earnings Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's fourth quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders, and our 2012 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings call. Ameriprise achieved significant growth across many dimensions with a strong fourth quarter capping off an excellent year. As you saw, yesterday we reported revenue growth of 8% for the quarter and 7% for the year on an operating basis. Operating earnings per diluted share were up 9% for the quarter and 26% for the year. Our 2 growth businesses performed strongly. Fourth quarter pretax operating earnings in Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management were $356 million, up 37% from a year ago. And for the year, we generated $1.3 billion in pretax operating earnings from these 2 businesses, up a very strong 31%. Because of the significant growth we've experienced in these businesses, they now represent 56% of our full year total business segment pretax operating earnings, and we're looking to take that number higher. This morning, I'd like to cover how I'm feeling about the business, as well as my perspective on the quarter and the year overall. Walter will discuss the numbers in more detail and then we'll take your questions. There are 4 highlights that I want you to take away. We're seeing good growth and profitability. Our results and progress demonstrate that we're executing our strategy, growing strongly and building off a solid foundation. Activity and assets continued to increase. Assets under management administration hit a record $771 billion. We feel good about our ability to capitalize on our opportunities in the financial services marketplace, and we've demonstrated that we can continue to invest while maintaining excellent expense levels. Our financial foundation remains one of the best in the industry. It provides important strategic flexibility and enables us to generate strong returns. In terms of our level of shareholder and capital return, we're at the higher end of the scale for a large cap financial firm. We have the capital strength, free cash flow and ability to return the majority of our operating earnings to shareholders annually. During the quarter, we returned $475 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And for the year, we've returned $1.9 billion or 130% of our full year operating earnings. With strong business results in capital return, we delivered another record high operating return on equity, excluding AOCI of 19.7%, setting ourselves apart from many of our competitors. Let's talk about our segments beginning with Advice & Wealth Management. Advice & Wealth had another terrific quarter. We continue to build on our reputation as the company with the right expertise to help clients feel confident about their retirement and financial future, as well as a place where productive experienced advisors can grow even stronger practices. At the same time, we're delivering excellent financial results. Revenues, earnings, client assets and advisor productivity all grew by double digits. Operating net revenue was up 12% to $1.1 billion reflecting good fundamentals and positive markets. Clients continue to return to the markets and we're bringing in good client flows. Total client assets grew 16% to $409 billion, aided by a record year for our wrap business. Wrap net inflows were up 38% with clients investing another $2.8 billion during the quarter. For the year, we were north of $13 billion of net inflows, which helped grow the platform to more than $153 billion. Our advisors are very engaged and productivity continues to grow nicely. Adjusting for the loss of bank earnings per advisor productivity increased 14% from good asset growth and strong transactional activity, generating a yearly rate of $440,000 per advisor. We continue to effectively manage our overall expense base well. Walter will give you the details, but margin grew, again, even after adjusting for the bank and with lower spread revenues on our large cash business. Our success in AWM comes in part from the deep relationships we have with clients and the fact that they stay with us a long time. That's the ideal situation. We're focused on delivering a superior client experience and helping our advisors use the capabilities we've invested in to serve more clients and grow their practices. We're focused on deepening relationships as well as bringing in new clients and assets. Our new confident retirement approach, which builds of our financial planning proposition, is proving to be successful in serving existing clients, as well as gaining new ones. Clients and prospects are responding very well and is resulting in higher flows and activity. In fact, we're quite excited to launch, on February 8, our first formal advertising campaign to promote Confident Retirement. Working with Tommy Lee Jones, the campaign conveys how our advisors are uniquely positioned to help people answer their toughest retirement questions. In fact, you'll see a lot of Ameriprise on major TV programming, including during the Olympics, as well as online through the first half of the year. In conjunction with this campaign, we're also launching an interactive online experience on our website that allows consumers to explore and evaluate how prepared they feel for retirement, see where they stand versus their peers and be directed to an Ameriprise advisor. In addition to advertising and marketing support, we continue to invest in our online and web experience to ensure that doing business with Ameriprise is simple and easy. Technology clearly plays an essential role in delivering a better experience in driving productivity. With tools like e-Signature, check scanning and e-Paper, advisors can now submit new business online, as we move to a more paperless office over time, one that is both efficient and secure. Our advisors are finding that our technology platform helps them serve clients better, increase efficiency and drive productivity. In terms of recruiting, we continue to bring in good advisors who value our culture, our leadership and what we do to support advisor growth. 80 experienced advisors came on board in the fourth quarter and the pipeline looks good for the year ahead. Clients and advisors want to work with a reputable trusted firm. I told you last quarter that external research ranked Ameriprise as one of the most trusted financial firms in the industry. Our advisor engagement is strong and growing. Our client retention and satisfaction also remains in excellent stead. We have a great value proposition and in fact, in the 2014 Forrester Customer Experience Index, Ameriprise was rated #1 in customer experience across investment firms. In summary, It was another terrific quarter and year for AWM. Our brand is strong, our momentum is good. We're focused on ensuring our advisors have the right resources to serve clients well and grow productivity. We're delivering good growth and profitability. We continue to have excellent client and advisor satisfaction and the business is consistently generating the results we expected and we told you we could achieve. In Asset Management, we're generating strong financial results, executing our strategy and we're focused on becoming a tough tier global asset manager. For the segment, our assets under management reached $501 billion, up 10% from a year ago, from positive equity markets in the U.S. and Europe, as well as good progress we're making in the U.K. and European retail as well as in institutional. We grew our revenues nicely and continue to manage expenses tightly. And for the year, Asset Management earned $715 million, up 28% from the prior year. I'm pleased with the earnings growth and I recognize we have more to do to overcome outflows from our ex-parent relationships. The story in Asset Management remains consistent with what I've been sharing. We continue to channel resources in areas where we see traction. Overall, we're delivering competitive, long-term investment performance across many areas of equity and fixed income. There are few areas where our short-term performance weakened slightly, but we're addressing it. We're growing our higher fee business, especially in institutional and at Threadneedle, which is showing up in the P&L. And we're making steady progress establishing our global investment teams as Columbia and Threadneedle align resources and strengths to drive profitable flows. In terms of flows, we experienced $5.5 billion of net inflows in the quarter, which included a high level of reinvested dividends at Columbia given the market appreciation last year, and the related gains in many portfolios. At Columbia, our sales were up in the quarter with strong traction in October and November. However, December was challenging for the finance [ph] industry, which we experienced too. Overall, we're focused on gaining traction in the third party intermediary channel. Our wholesaler productivity is improving and we have an excellent product line to sell. Advisors are learning more about our research strength and core capabilities, including in the income space where we have particular strength. The pieces are in place to gain share on some key distribution platforms and models, and we'll be stepping up our advertising, marketing and due diligence meetings this year. In terms of net inflows at Threadneedle, we continue to maintain good traction in U.K. and European retail funds. In January, however, we lost part of our U.S. equities team at Threadneedle. A veteran member of the team who has directly managed about 1/3 of the fund's assets, and who has had strong investment performance has taken over the management of these funds. In institutional, we're pleased with the steady growth we've seen in third-party institutional where we continue to see mandates funding, maintaining a strong win rate and have a good pipeline of new activity. This is helping to offset the legacy outflow pressures I've discussed. Overall in asset management, we're delivering competitive financial results and we're investing in the business. We know there's more work in front of us, but we're moving in a positive direction. Now let's discuss Annuities and Protection. These businesses are essential components of our value proposition and to bringing in more assets and deeper client relationships. Our Annuities business continues to deliver the results we're targeting. Revenues were up modestly and earnings were up nicely, up 9%. In variable annuities, cash sales increased 3% year-over-year. With continued strength in the equity markets and focused wholesaling efforts, ending account balances are up and sales of managed volatility funds are growing. As we told you last quarter, we've taken steps to further de-risk the portfolio, including providing policyholders with volatility controlled funds. We've seen a good response from advisors and significant asset movement from clients. From a capital perspective, we have set aside capital in excess of our requirements in the events of market movements, particularly for variable annuities. And in fixed annuities, we feel good about our existing book, but aren't adding to it given the interest rate environment. We're in the process of repricing a good portion of the book that should help release some of the spread compression caused by low rates. This began last quarter with the majority of the block repricing in the first half of 2014. In Protection, the Life and Health business is performing well with good sales, asset growth and good claims experience. Our advisors offer our products to their clients as part of their confident retirement approach, and we're seeing good growth in life insurance sales, up 16% for the year in 2013. Indexed universal life sales continue to be strong, and we're also experience improvement in variable universal life sales and steady growth in variable universal life and universal life assets, given the markets we've had. We recently introduced the insurance e-application, which streamlines the new business process for advisors and our back office. It's getting good results. We've also simplified our underwriting for a better client experience. In Auto and Home, premiums were up 10%. We're continuing to see good policy growth across Home, Auto and umbrella lines. We're working to deepen penetration with our affinity partners and with our own advisors. Our client satisfaction and retention remains very high. Walter will provide color on the financials for the Annuities and Protection businesses. To summarize, we had a strong fourth quarter to wrap up a very good year. Ameriprise is performing well, especially Advice & Wealth Management, which continues to show excellent results. In Asset Management, we're generating solid returns, but we have more work to do to gain flows at Columbia to overcome ex-parent activities. Our Insurance and Annuity businesses are good books of business and complement our total offering. From a company perspective, we continue to be recognized in the industry for the client and advisor experience we provide and for how we run the company. During the quarter, Ameriprise was, once again, named as one of the leading community-minded companies in the nation in the second edition of the Civic 50. We have the same strategic focus for 2014 and I believe we're positioned well for the year ahead. As I mentioned at the start, we delivered record return on equity, and we think we can take it even higher. With that, I'd like to hand things over to Walt for a detailed review of the numbers.
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered excellent financial results this quarter and for the full year. Business fundamentals remained strong, top line growth was solid, expenses were well-managed, and we had strong profitability. Starting with operating net revenue growth on page 3. In total, operating net revenues grew 8%, led by strong growth in Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management. If you exclude the impact of low rates, revenues grew by 10%. We had double-digit revenue growth in Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management, driven by increases in client assets, good transaction levels and market appreciation, which was partially offset by the impact of net outflows and asset management. Annuities and Insurance posted stable revenue growth, which was in line with our expectations. This growth in revenues has translated into strong earnings and margin expansion. AWM margins increased to 14.4%, up more than 250 basis points from last year. Asset Management margins were 40.2%. Combined, Advice and Wealth Management, and Asset Management's earnings grew 37% from last year and now account for 57% of earnings, representing a substantial progress in shifting our business mix. Let's turn to earnings on Slide 4. We continue to grow operating return on equity, reaching an all-time high of 19.7%. Operating earnings per share were $1.87, up 9%. The underlying growth rate was over 20%, when we adjust for 2013 and 2012 disclosed unusual items. Performance has been quite strong, especially in light of low interest rate environment, which impacted earnings by $38 million compared to the prior year. Finally, our ability to redeploy capital has contributed to EPS and ROE growth and is a strong point of differentiation for Ameriprise. Moving to Slide 5. Results for the full year are also strong and are similar to the trends, we saw in the quarter. In 2013, Advice & Wealth Management, and Asset Management, coupled with effective capital management were the prime factors behind our 26% year-over-year EPS growth rate. Earnings in these 2 segments increased over 30%. Excellent growth, considering the headwind from low interest rates and the exit of the bank. Throughout the year, we had solid business fundamentals, including growth in client assets, record wrap net inflows of $13.1 billion, good transaction levels, as well as market appreciation. For the full year, these 2 segments represent 56% of operating earnings. Annuities and Protection continue to produce solid results with 9% growth rate. These businesses continue to have a strong and differentiated risk profile. Moving to the segments, let's start with Advice & Wealth Management on Slide 6. We continue to deliver very strong results in Advice & Wealth Management. Pretax operating earnings grew 36% and was supported by revenue growth and effective expense management. We have also seen significant margin expansion, which reached 14.4% in the quarter despite a 100-basis-point headwind driven by the 20-basis-point interest spread impact on our brokerage sweep balances. There is substantial upside when short-term rates move higher. As a point of reference, 100-basis-point increase in short-term rates would increase annual earnings by about $150 million, and add approximately 300 basis points to margins, assuming that cash balance remain at the same level. Turning to Asset Management on Slide 7. Revenues increased 11%, primarily from market appreciation, offset by the cumulative impact of outflows. Our total expenses were up with the markets. We managed G&A expenses effectively and it was up only 3% from last year. In the quarter, earnings increased 38% to $194 million and adjusted operating margin improved to 40.2% from 33.6%, a year ago, reflecting favorable leverage to rising markets and tight expense management. Let's turn to flows in more detail on Slide 8. In the quarter, we had a total of $5.5 billion of net inflows, including $6.6 billion of reinvested dividends. This quarter was about $3 billion higher than the same quarter last year because of an increase in the level of realized gains in the equity funds. We had a total of $3.2 billion of outflows in the former parent related and other areas, we've previously discussed. This is in line with our expectation and consists of the following: we had outflows approximately $1.3 billion across retail and institutional, associated with 1 large former parent affiliated distribution partner. As we said, outflows will continue as our share net distribution channel normalizes. At Columbia retail, we had $300 million of outflows at a sub-advisor and $600 million of outflows in the RIA channel. In the Institutional business, we had $1 billion of outflows related to former parent influenced mandates at Columbia. We have areas of real improvement in strength. We had net inflows from the Institutional channel, where we are seeing strong growth in third-party mandates. And finally at Threadneedle, we had another strong quarter with $1.3 billion of retail net inflows. Turning to Annuities on Slide 9. Pretax operating earnings were $187 million. Variable annuity pretax earnings grew 21% from a year ago, primarily from equity market appreciation and business growth. Our variable annuity business continues to have a high-quality inflows block with good growth and attractive new business. In fact, the risk profile at the block has benefited from the addition of new fund offerings to our in-force policyholders we announced last quarter. These changes have been very well received by advisors and clients. In fact, clients transferred $900 million of assets that were not impacted by fee changes. This resulted in about $26 million benefits to earnings in the quarter related to lower reserves. The managed volatility products require low reserve than the legacy products as the hedging is embedded in the volatility control funds. In fixed annuities, pretax operating earnings were $31 million. Results in the quarter include about $12 million of lower earnings from spread compression. As interest rates increase, we will likely see account value shrink from increased lapses, but the net result will still be positive. Moving to Protection on Slide 10. Pretax operating earnings were $82 million. Underlying Life and Health business remains solid. We had good sales of variable universal life and index universal life. Claims experience was good and within our expectations, but at a higher level than last year. Auto and Home has continued new policy sales growth across market segments from affinity partnerships. Earnings in the quarter reflected $20 million increase in reserves, primarily from auto liability claims development. Let's turn to capital on Slide 11. We returned $475 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in the quarter, and for the full year, we returned $1.9 billion. As you can see, we have been able to consistently return more than 100% of earnings to shareholders due to our business mix shift, risk management capabilities and strong balance sheet fundamentals. We ended the quarter with continued strong balance sheet fundamentals, nearly $2 billion of excess capital and an RBC ratio of approximately 450%. This does not include the $500 million of additional capital above required levels for variable annuity products. In 2014, our baseline plan is to return 90% to 100% of operating earnings to shareholders, and we expect that our approach to returning capital to shareholders will continue to make Ameriprise unique. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Question on Asset Management to start. There's a comment in the presentation that indicates that you're increasing your penetration in intermediary platform. I am just wondering if you could provide some more color in terms of what exactly is going on, maybe some metrics that we could you use to track this because it's just hard to see progress when we just look at the assets going forward.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. It's -- as we mentioned to you last year, what we've been doing is stepping up our efforts of getting our product suite into some of the larger platforms out in the industry for the intermediary distribution. Some of the larger wire houses and third-party channels. And so we're seeing -- winning some of the mandates now to get onto their platforms and their model portfolios. That would help us start to actually increase our wholesaling activities in support of that. It does take time, but we're beginning to get considered now for some of the fund groups that we have, particularly in the large-cap areas that are starting to complement our wholesaling activities. So once you get onto the model portfolios given in some of the larger houses, that can help you step up your third party sales activities. And so, we're seeing more of that activity occurring. We are being considered in getting in there and we've stepped up our efforts in that regard. So it's sort of a sort of preview for the idea that we think that we can get increased sales going there. And we saw a rise in sales last year across these channels, I think in the fourth quarter, it was actually pretty good until December and December weakened a bit, and I think the industry saw some of that as well.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So would you say the improvement in sales from these initiative should be more of a 2015 story as opposed to 2014 story?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I think it will take time to continue to develop, but we would hope to see some improvements through '14 and stronger activities into '15. But again, we're working hard at that. We're stepping up some of our marketing due diligence activities this year in these channels becoming some preferred providers in the channel. So we hope that, that will ramp up over the course of the year, because we believe, we have some good products that would make sense against some of the competitors out there.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Understood. And then just shifting to AWM, I guess, Jim, in your prepared comments, you talked about some increases in advertising spending, I guess, in the couple -- in the coming months. You clearly -- 1 of the stories of success there has been that the G&A has been held kind of flattish, so I guess, I'm just wondering, given these initiatives, should we start to think about G&A picking up as we move through 2014 on these higher expenses related to advertising and the like.
James M. Cracchiolo: No. I think, we're considering -- we're continuing to manage the expense base quite well. I think, what we've alluded to more is that similar to what we did last year, we're launching a new campaign this year, really talking about our confident retirement approach. We probably are putting a little more of that activity that would be web-based in complement to our top line advertising. But the amounts will be relatively consistent with last year. We just heavy up a little bit more in the first 4 months of the year because that's the prime time for us to advertise. And then it starts to go low again and then it picks up again in the fourth quarter. But it should be similar trend lines to what you saw in 2013. We're probably just making a more of a statement around how we're going to be focusing our efforts that we think will help our approach out in the marketplace.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. And then just the last 1 on the advisor count. Again, you added some experienced advisors, I think, in the quarter. The retention seems to be pretty good in both franchisee and employee channel. But if I look at the overall advisor count, it's down a little bit, maybe call it flattish. So I guess, I'm wondering, at what point, especially with retention improving, should we start to see the advisor count actually start to increase?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. So part of the reduction you see in the total particularly in the employee area was mainly due to -- we have a -- we call it our remote center, our AAC, which handles some of our client activities in centralized sites, and we made a restructuring of those areas. So that we can move to a bit more -- a different type of model that we think will even be more effective and in so doing it, we reduced about 100 people in that channel. And so the activity per employee there was very low. They're not season producers, and that's really the reason for the reduction. But if you look at the productivity that we brought in and the people that we're maintaining with the retention, the productivity of the channel has increased nicely and as I mentioned to you, we brought that channel now into profitability. We're still in the low single digits in margin and that should rise now beginning this year and continue to ramp up over time as the producers we brought on board become more productive. So the headcount that you're looking at was mainly driven by that adjustment, which is really in sort of a remote channel that handled some of our client activities that have moved from our advisor base out in the field to centralized.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, I was hoping you could comment on the retail activity in January and just kind of the near-term hiccup we had with U.S. Macro Data and all the turmoil in EM. Are you guys seeing any difference in terms of the re-engagement levels which, it sounded like it was picking up throughout the course of 2013 and started off pretty well in -- early in '14, but just to want to make sure, if that sort has continued so far.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I -- we don't see any material change. I mean, again it depends on what occurs over the next number of months and what the effect is -- how material. But we see a continuation of a good level of activity. It's hard to judge week to week right now just based on the nature of it. But we haven't seen any material shift.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then a couple specifics, I guess, on the AWM segment. In the press release, and in your comments as well you suggested that the pipeline of FAs continues to be pretty robust. Can you help us kind of with the sources of pipeline and the wire houses, other independent shops, et cetera, and then more importantly, if you look at the productivity, are we looking at 500 per FA, 600 per FA on an annual basis, kind of help us kind of size, I guess, how that compares relative to you guys currently have on the books?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay, so I would say, our pipeline, as we enter the new year, looks really good for us, as a continuation, as we sort of ended the third and fourth quarter. So we see that continuing. We're really recruiting from a number of different sources, so it does include the combination of the wire houses, but also some independents. And we're seeing good people come on board. The productivity we're averaging is now pretty consistent with our total of what you've seen that we've reported, which is in the mid-400 to 500 ranges. And so it's a consistent type of per person that we see into the level of productivity that we have here.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. Shifting gears a bit, I want to touch on the Asset Management business and then, specifically, the U.S. team at Threadneedle. Can you guys help us size, I guess, the overall assets that the team collectively has managed, I know you said the new PM there or the PM that is staying managed 1/3 of it, but can you give us a sense of the total and then maybe split between retail and institutional?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. We roughly have, for that total, about $15 billion and about 5 to 6s in the institutional line is in retail. The person that we have was actually a long-time PM that used to be at Columbia and actually had excellent performance in the mid and large cap value area. She actually had relocated over to London, a number of years ago, for relocation family reasons and she now -- she was part of that team for the last 4 years. She has excellent performance records. In fact, better than the team that left, part of the team that left. And she will be assuming full responsibility for the area. She will also be able to, even more formally, writeoff of a research we have in the U.S. since she is very familiar with it and we have great research capabilities that can really enhance the U.S. stock picking at Threadneedle. And so that the -- our investment offices there are quite excited about that opportunity. So listen, we're going through a change there, but we believe that we'll put in good resources and can continue to manage good money there. There may be some dislocation in the short term, as always occurs, but it's fortunate that we have a strong person there that can lead that team and shown from her past success.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I understood, makes sense, and then just the last one for me. Walter, you highlight a number of buckets in Asset Management that there's still legacy parent-related stuff. And so can you just give us an update again on -- as we think about 2014, kind of look on a quarterly run-rate basis, how much in total assets you guys still expect to see as kind of like gross outflow from these buckets just to kind of help us size the gap that you need to overcome to turn into positive flow mode?
Walter S. Berman: Sure, listen, we certainly still, as we talked about it, have remaining assets at Balboa, which is about $0.5 billion and then certainly in BAC pensions, which is still lower of $2 billion. So again, I can't give it to you on a quarter basis, but we are certainly managing through that within the ranges. Zurich will continue at its levels that we've seen. But certainly, we do see that several billion will be coming in, as Jim has mentioned, and that is -- but, again, we feel, we're making progress, but it’s in that sort of level. I can't give you the quarterly on it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Within Asset Management, can you just talk a little bit about where you see margins going from here and do you think 40% plus is sustainable? And I guess as further improvement contingent on either AUM leverage from the market or improved flows. Are there other steps you can continue to take to improve margins?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, clearly, from our standpoint on managing the expenses and certainly, with the market and with looking at the asset levels, we just mentioned with -- I would do believe in that range is sustainable, and certainly looking as Jim said before, to even try and improve it. So I think it's a reasonable level to be at certainly in this high 30s, 40% range.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just for Columbia Institutional, obviously is a good quarter for flows here and it looks like, you've seen a nice pickup in terms of sales over the past year. Do you believe that this business is now at a point that it should be able to generate consistent positive inflows and maybe if you could talk just a little bit more about what is driving the pickup in sales?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I would say, we're seeing good traction in a number of areas. Like we've said in the institutional, we've got good traction in Europe. I think, we're going to start to actually garner some greater flows from some global activities that we have started to work on and some of the products that we're putting into the market over time. And the U.S. activity, we see sales increasing and what we have to do is manage over some of the combination of the ex-parent books of business that we had, as well as just some of the spottiness from some of the things that we're continuing to be in redemption mode. So I don't want to sit and predict that we're going to be in net inflows as we go forward, but I would say that we're gaining traction. I do believe that it's going to be a bit lumpy. But I feel that we have some good product, that we are stepping up levels of activity in certain areas. But I think, as you just asked regarding the margins, et cetera, we feel like we have a good profitable business that we're able to make good investments. But it's -- this is a very competitive field and it's blocking and tackling everyday and that's what we need to do this year.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Motemaden
Operator: Welcome to the Ameriprise Financial Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. My name is Paulette, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. You may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Third Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provides insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials that are available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2012 annual report to shareholders, and our 2012 10-K report. We make no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning and thanks for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. I'll begin with my perspective on what was a strong quarter for Ameriprise and share how I'm feeling about the business. Walter will discuss the numbers in more detail, and then we'll take your questions. As you saw yesterday, we reported record third quarter results with operating earnings at a strong 36%. I'm feeling good about how Ameriprise is positioned and the progress we're making. Activity is picking up, assets are up across the firm and we're maintaining expense levels as we continue to invest for growth. Our Wealth Management business had another terrific quarter. And our assets under management and administration increased 8% to $735 billion, reflecting good advisor client flows and market appreciation. Our capital and financial foundation, essential to our ability to grow and to navigate the environment remains in great shape. We have the capital strength, free cash flow and ability to return the majority of our operating earnings to shareholders annually, which we will continue to do. During the quarter, we returned $475 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Over the last 4 quarters, we returned 129% of our operating earnings to shareholders. With our strong earnings and capital return, we delivered a record high operating return on equity of 19.4% and we're moving forward on our path with purpose, executing the strategy we regularly discussed with you and achieving the returns that we've targeted. Let's talk about our segments beginning with Advice & Wealth Management. As I mentioned, our AWM business is performing very well. Our strategy is working. We're continuing the progress we've made in delivering excellent financial results with room to grow. Operating net revenue is up 12% to $1.1 billion, and that's including the weight of low interest rates in our decision to exit the banking business. Client and advisors are engaged and we're bringing in good client flows. As an example, this is the third consecutive quarter that we've seen at least $3 billion come in through our RAP program, which is on pace for a record year. Total client assets are up 13% to $389 billion. Our advisors are increasingly productive. Adjusting for the bank, per advisor productivity increased 16% from good asset growth and strong transactional activity. We continue to manage our overall expense base well. Margins grew nicely to 14.2%, close to a 200-basis-point improvement from a year ago, even after the loss of the bank earnings and lowest spread revenues on our large cash business. We're focused on what we believe are significant opportunities to strengthen our position, drive productivity and improve efficiencies as we help advisors use the resources and the capabilities that we have invested in for them. Our priority is to continue to bring in new clients and assets and we're energized about how our Confident Retirement approach can help do that. Our advisors are telling us how effective it is and simplifying the conversation with clients and prospects to help them better understand what they need to think about for a secure and confident retirement. We're seeing good results. Our latest surveys show very high levels of client and advisor satisfaction, confidence and value provided. Our goal is to engage even more of our advisors through field training to take advantage of the Confident Retirement approach in their practices. And we want to continue to attract new people, both clients and experienced advisors to Ameriprise. In terms of our brand and advertising, we're working with Tommy Lee Jones again, because we like the way he conveys our story and consumers and advisors have responded well. We're currently filming new ads that you'll see early next year. We're also helping advisors benefit from the investments we've made, included in technology with the brokerage platform and our e-tools and online. Our advisors are finding that our technology platform helps them increase efficiency and drive productivity. Overall, our advisor force is engaged and motivated. In terms of recruiting, we're bringing in good people as more advisors look to Ameriprise as a place to grow and engage more clients. Another 86 experienced advisors joined the firm in the third quarter and the pipeline looks good. External research has shown that Ameriprise is one of the most trusted financial firms in the industry. It was another excellent quarter for AWM. We're delivering good growth and profitability in both the employee and franchise channels. The business is consistently generating results we expected, and that we told you we could achieve. Our focus is to remain on the same path, execute well to maintain our momentum. In Asset Management, we're executing our stated strategy as we focus the business in areas where we see strong opportunity for growth. We have more work to do. However, in the meantime, we're delivering good financial results and beginning to gain traction in key long-term growth drivers. Our assets under management reached $479 billion, up 4% for a year ago due to the positive equity markets in the U.S. and Europe and from the initial progress we're making. The resulting revenue growth is good and we continue to manage expenses tightly. Operating earnings are up 15% to $178 million and adjusted net operating margin is a competitive 40%. We continue to channel resources in the areas where we see traction. Overall, we're delivering competitive long-term investment performance. We're making steady progress establishing our global investment teams as Columbia and Threadneedle align resources and strength to drive profitable flows. During the quarter, we added to our presence in Asia. We hired an experience Asian equities team based in Singapore as we build our manufacturing distribution and capability in the region. In terms of flows, Walter will get into the numbers but the outflows in the quarter were consistent with sources we previously identified. Legacy insurance mandates, former parent affiliated distribution, a sub-advisor and share class changes in the RIA channel. Similar to the industry in the third quarter, we experienced high redemptions in fixed income portfolios. We've been able to largely offset that pressure with good traction in some key growth areas. We're generating very good U.K. and European retail net flows as we overcome ongoing outflows of legacy insurance assets. This is a core theme at Threadneedle, managing a pool of lower fee assets in transition while growing the higher fee wholesale business. And domestically, we're beginning to see some traction in the underlying third-party intermediary channel largely in equities. When you adjust for the drivers we've discussed, third-party intermediate equity flows have improved as we focused our wholesaling efforts and benefited from the market conditions. That said, we have a lot more work to do. In institutional, we're gaining good traction. The traditional institutional business is healthy. In addition to a good flow of U.S. equity and fixed income mandates, we're winning mandates on a more global basis. Our pipeline is quite good. Our win rate is high and we more than doubled our new assets won versus where we were a year ago. Overall, in Asset Management, we know that we need to execute well to strengthen our position in the marketplace. We're already getting good positive financial returns and we're beginning to gain some traction. There's a lot more work to do but we're moving in a positive direction. Let's move to Annuities and Protection. Businesses that are important to us because of our focus in meeting clients long-term financial needs and our Confident Retirement approach. Both Annuities and Protection are performing well and in line with our expectations given the rate environment and weather related factors. Our Annuities business is well-positioned and we're generating good returns with lower risk and volatility. Revenues were up modestly and earnings were up considerably given the year-over-year unlocking swing, which Walter will discuss. We've built a differentiated business that we're growing at a pace we want with focus on serving Ameriprise clients. In variable annuities, cash sales and Ameriprise grew 14% and sales of our managed volatility funds have continued to increase in recent months, with improved equity markets and good wholesaling. We've made strategic decisions to continue to de-risk the portfolio to lower volatility. We recently announced product feature and fee changes for some of our in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees. These decisions reflect the market environment and our commitment to providing policyholders with additional investment options to help manage volatility. And in fixed annuities, we feel good about our existing book but aren't adding to it given the interest rate environment. As I look to next year, we're working through our decision to reprice a portion of the book that could help relieve some of the spread compression. In Protection, our financial results in the quarter reflected higher weather-related losses and an unfavorable, unlocking impact. That said, the underlying business is performing as we would expect. The growth of our Life business is directly aligned with the growth we're driving in Wealth Management. Our advisors offer our products to their clients as follow the Confident Retirement approach and we're seeing good growth in life insurance sales of 20% from last year. Index universal life sales continue to be strong and we're also experiencing improvement in variable universal life sales. In Auto and Home, earnings suffered because of the external environment where we had higher cap losses in the quarter from multiple storms. That said, our Auto and Home business metrics are good. We had steady policy growth of 10% from a year ago. We're working to deepen penetration with our affinity partners and with our own advisors and we're seeing nice progress. Auto and Home is rated one of the best for client satisfaction and retention also remains very high. To summarize, we had a strong third quarter to continue what is shaping up to be a very good year. Our business results and progress demonstrate that Ameriprise is on the right path. We're executing our strategy, serving more clients and growing as we drive improvements across the company. Overall, we're generating excellent return on equity and we're going to continue to focus on improving it. With strong earnings and our ability to generate significant free cash flow, we're able to continue to return to shareholders as we have in the past. With that, I'd like to hand things over to Walter for a detailed review of the numbers.
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered excellent financial results this quarter. Business fundamentals remain strong, top line growth was solid, expenses were well-managed and we had record profitability. Operating net revenue growth was strong at 7%, or 8%, excluding the impact from exiting the bank. This was driven by our targeted growth areas, Advice and Wealth Management and Asset Management. These 2 segments continue to deliver good growth and now represent over 60% of our total revenues. Growth in Advice & Wealth Management, excluding former bank operations, was 16%, which includes the impact of low interest rates. The growth in this segment was generated by solid business fundamentals, including growth in client assets, good transaction levels, as well as market appreciation. The year-over-year revenue growth was 6% and asset management was impacted by redemption driven hedge fund performance fees realized in the prior year. Adjusting for these performance fees, revenue growth was 9%, primarily from strong markets, the asset mix shift and revenue reengineering. In Protection and Annuities, revenue grew 3%, excluding the impact from unlocking, which is in line of our expectations, particularly in our continued low-interest rate environment. Let's turn to earnings on Slide 4. Ameriprise pretax operating earnings growth was 39%, with particularly strong growth in Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management. Together, these segments represent almost 60% of pretax operating earnings. In Advice & Wealth Management, earnings grew 49% after adjusting for the bank exit despite the continued pressure from low-interest rates. Asset Management earnings increased 15%, supported by market appreciation. Adjusting for hedge fund performance fees in the prior year period, Asset Management earnings grew 20%. Annuities earnings growth was on target at 7%, excluding unlocking and the market impact of DAC and DSIC. The variable annuity earnings were good and fixed annuity earnings declined as expected given low-interest rates. In the Protection segment. Earnings in the quarter were impacted by higher CAT losses and the annual unlocking. Let's turn to EPS and return on equity on Slide 5. Operating earnings per share were $1.91, up a robust 45%, and operating return on equity hit an all-time high of 19.4%. Normalizing for items identified in the earnings release, these metrics are still quite strong with EPS growth of 17%, and return on equity of 18.8%. This performance has been quite strong given the low-interest rate environment, which impacted earnings by $39 million, compared to the prior year. The growth in EPS and return on equity reflect both solid business fundamentals and growth as well as our ability to redeploy capital, which we feel is a real strong point of differentiation for Ameriprise. Moving to the segments. Let's start with Advice & Wealth Management on Slide 6. We continue to deliver excellent results in Advice & Wealth Management across the board. Business growth metrics, revenue growth and expense discipline, all of which drove strong earnings and significant margin expansion. Pretax operating earnings, excluding former bank operations, grew 49%, from growth in client assets and advisor productivity. I will note that this growth was in the face of a negative impact of $18 million from lower spreads on cash sweep accounts and certificates. As a point of reference, brokerage cash sweep balances were $19 billion at the end of the quarter and the rate on a net basis was 15 basis points on average in the quarter, down from 38 basis points on average a year ago. Growth in client assets and strong activity levels, coupled with strong expense management have driven margins to a high of 14.2%, even with the bank exit and the lower interest rates. Turning to Asset Management on Slide 7. Revenue was $777 million, up 9%, primarily from market appreciation, offset by outflows. In the quarter, earnings were up 15% to $178 million. Excluding the redemption driven hedge fund performance fees, earnings were up 20%. Earnings growth was particularly strong due to well-managed expenses. While total expenses were up with the markets, G&A was fairly flat year-over-year. Adjusting for the expenses associated with the performance fees in the prior year, G&A was up only 3%. Adjusted operating margins improved to 40% from 37.6% a year ago, reflecting good revenue growth and tight expense management. Let's turn to flows in more detail on Slide 8. In the quarter, we had a total of $4.3 billion of net outflows. We had a total of $4.6 billion of outflows in the former parent-related and other areas we previously discussed. We had outflows of approximately $2 billion across retail and institutional associated with 1 large former parent affiliated distribution partner. As we've said, outflows will continue as our share in that distribution channel normalizes though this quarter was a bit high given the rotation out of fixed income experienced by the industry and us. In the U.S. retail, we had $900 million of outflows at a sub-advisor and $400 million of outflows resulting from the share class change we made in the RIA channel earlier this year. In the institutional business, we had $1.3 billion of outflows related to legacy insurance mandates at Threadneedle and former parent influence mandates at Columbia. Additionally, we experienced fixed income outflows similar to the industry. However, we are gaining some traction, including U.K. and European retail where we had good inflows, as well as in the U.S. third-party institutional where we have a very strong pipeline. Turning to Annuities on Slide 9. Pretax operating earnings were $219 million, which includes a $73 million favorable impact from unlocking and the market impact on DAC and DSIC. Our variable annuity business remains strong with a high-quality in-force block and good growth in attractive new businesses. We also announced several proactive change to a small portion of our variable annuity block with living benefit riders in the quarter, including providing additional fund offering for existing clients. Variable annuity pretax operating earnings was $185 million, including a favorable impact from unlocking and the market impact on DAC and DSIC. The unlocking was primarily related to higher interest rates and bond fund returns as well as changes in assumed policyholder behavior. In fixed annuities, pretax operating earnings were $34 million, with a minimal impact from unlocking. The results in the quarter included about $11 million of lower earnings from spread compression. However, the higher investment income from former bank assets transferred into this portfolio late last year offset the interest impact by $6 million. Operating return on allocated equity was over 20% for the Annuity segment, and it included $500 million of contingent capital allocated to variable annuities for stress scenarios. Moving to Protection on Slide 10. Pretax operating earnings was $75 million, which included an unfavorable impact from unlocking, elevated CAT losses and pressure from low-interest rates. Underlying Life & Health business remains solid. We had good sales of both variable, universal life and index universal life. Claims experience was good and well within our expectations. Auto and Home has continued strong new policy sales growth across market segments, from our affinity partnerships. Earnings in the quarter reflected an increase in reserves, primarily from $15 million in CAT losses and our normal quarterly actuarial experienced model uptick. Let's turn to capital on Slide 11. In the quarter, we returned $475 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As you can see, we have been able to consistently return more than 100% of earnings to shareholders due to our business mix shift, risk management capabilities and strong balance sheet fundamentals. Based on current market conditions, we expect to fully neutralize the EPS impact of exiting the bank by year end. We issued $600 million of senior debt in the quarter to retire existing debt. We have announced plans to execute a make-whole of $350 million of our outstanding senior debt that matures in November of 2015. We expect that this will result in approximately a $20 million loss in the fourth quarter, which will come through the corporate segment. Overall, we have successfully laddered out our debt maturities and reduced our ongoing debt expense. We ended the quarter with continued strong balance sheet fundamentals and over $2 billion of excess capital. And we expect that our approach to returning capital to shareholders will continue to make Ameriprise unique. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. You guys did a pretty good job kind of dissecting all the moving pieces in the flows for the Asset Management business. But I was hoping, like taking a step back, maybe you can tell us a little bit more on the fees for the stuff that's kind of parent-related and running off versus, I guess, the new assets that are coming in because we know Zurich is low fee, but I was wondering, if you can kind of tell us on some of the U.S. Trust pieces and some of the Marsical pieces as well?
Walter S. Berman: Well, Alex, if you look at the overall fees versus our assets, we've been actually improving over the sequence. So, we are, as we explained, the basically, we're accreting on for the year-to-date on the assets that are coming in versus the assets that are leaving. So on that basis, we are mostly making up from a revenue standpoint. As you can see, our percentages have increased over the quarters. We don't get into the specifics as it relates to each one of the elements, but certainly, the elements are dealing with that in the way that we thought it would occur.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just so, kind of steady markets and assuming these dynamic continues because you guys still do have a decent amount, I guess, that could be running off. I guess we should continue to see an improvement in the fee rate, overall, that's fair.
Walter S. Berman: I think that's correct. That's a good observation.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just real quick on AWM, I was hoping you could remind us given the good improvement you've seen in sort of both channels in the franchisee and the employee side, where the pretax margins are on each one of these sub-segments within AWM?
Walter S. Berman: Well, okay. We really don't go -- as we said, the employees side of it is certainly moving into profitability as Jim has said and -- so that is making -- and that has the higher fix expense that we are getting into a positive margin there and we anticipate over time that we will certainly get to the levels of performance that we see in the franchise channel. Overall, you saw that we had a 14.2% and that takes into consideration, certainly, the bank last year was not there and that's a big impact and then the lower interest rates. So we do see the improvement in both of the -- in the 2 areas and you're going to see, I think, a greater improvement, obviously, coming from the employee channel.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So employee is profitable but not significantly profitable, right? So low-single digit margin is probably fair?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, that's fair, and again, it's building now because that has the high fixed and now we're making -- building in the volume and the activity level. So it's an, obviously, the lower pay outs that we will actually start to accrete our margin in that area as we build according to our plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz from Citi.
Unknown Analyst: This is Steve in for Bill. Given the lower G&A in the quarter for Asset Management, should we look at 40% as a sustainable margin? And is there room for margin expansion, x outside the AUM growth?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, I think on the expense side, and certainly, if you look at the trend line and the expenses that you saw in the third quarter is probably, a reasonably good run rate on that. And as far as expansion, certainly, we anticipate that we're at a pretty good level right now and, hopefully, as we get the AUM, getting the flow improvement, we would see that and the markets are certainly helping. But the expenses are pretty much in line where we anticipate.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. And then the performance on asset allocation equity remains strong. How is that playing out in flows and when may you get credit for that solid performance?
Walter S. Berman: Well, we feel that the longer-term track records are good. We had a little slippage in the 1 year numbers but we feel that those are larger quality portfolios that are more driven by dividend type of stocks, et cetera. So they've underperformed a little bit in the quarters. But I think our track records are strong, and I think they are playing well out there, and again, this is a focus area for us to improve our flows over time and we're gaining some traction in our institutional business in that way and retail is starting to pick up. So we do believe that it will hopefully pay some dividends as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have a couple of questions. First on Advice & Wealth Management, the advisor productivity statistic that you have in your supplement, I think, 110,000 per advisor. Obviously, there's lots of moving parts that kind of going into that number market-related fees, interest rates et cetera. But maybe just a high-level, Jim, could you kind of give us a sense of where you think that productivity statistic could go over time? And again, not putting any specific timeframe on it, but just kind of where would you like to see that number?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well. First of all, to a point reference of we've made some very good progress. Third quarter is usually -- seasonally a little slower period but we didn't see as a full out there, so actually on a relative basis, we'd say that we're continuing good momentum from the second quarter. And so we feel like that should continue. I think we have a lot of the pieces in place. Our advisors are focused. Client activity has come back. I -- We still have a good new inflow of assets. More assets have gone into our assets under management program. Our cash levels are still quite high. I mean, I think relatively good and strong, so it could be deployed even further over time. And we are much more focused on our Confident Retirement approach, which we think is actually helping as well to get even more clients engaged in our financial planning process and advice proposition. We are deploying a lot of the tools we invested in that are out there. The uptake is beginning to be very good and we know that the use of these tools and capabilities better engage clients and also frees up more time for the advisor and their teams, so that they can actually even become more productive. So we are very much focused on continuing this. I think one of the things we've always tried to do is continue the productivity, not just add new advisors but to continue productivity on our current base which we've been doing. So I look forward to that continuing and we are targeting that.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. That's very helpful. In terms of the pieces. But just maybe stepping back, I mean, how -- we look at some of the benchmarking work that -- we've done some benchmarking work relative to other distribution systems and it seems like there's a pretty wide gap between where you are and where, say, Morgan Stanley is, or Bank of America is and I get that -- the disclosures are different and the models are different and I understand all of that. But assuming that there is a pretty sizable gap, how much of that gap do you think you could close on a go-forward basis?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So what we'd have -- what we look at it is that -- so when you compare us to the wire houses, their focus is really on a bit more of the higher affluent type client on average and so their productivity per person is driven a little more by that activity. Ours is a little more on the massive flow into affluent and so we get a deep more consistent revenue stream from the multiple ways that we deploy and deepen the relationship through our financial advice. Now, on a -- against the independents, remember our franchisee model is more of an independent model. We are the #1 house on the street. Our productivity is way above the large houses there, if you compare us to some of the independents. So if you look at the franchisee channel, which is our largest channel, we are highly productive against the industry. If you look at us against the wire house channel, based on the nature of the type of business and where their focus is, yes, we have room to grow. Now our growth and productivity has been pretty significant over the years and we see there's a lot opportunity to further grow that. So I actually think that we will be able to penetrate those higher ranks. We are -- our advisors are focused on bringing in more clients at the higher asset levels today and position themselves to have all the capability, they have all the knowledge. We have actually some of the best tools out there and our advice proposition is strong. So that's exactly, to your point, where we are focused.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. So bottom line there, you see some decent upside to this $110,000 per advisor statistic that you guys reported in the third quarter?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, got it. And I guess, Jim, you had some comments, I think, in your prepared remarks about the Columbia retail business and how you're starting to see some third-party flows, I think, related to equities and I didn't quite get all the numbers. I am just wondering if you can maybe drill into that a little bit and give us some color in terms of what's going on there?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I think there are 3 aspects where we see positive momentum beginning and one strong. So of course, it was Walter mentioned and I did, Europe continues to be strong in both retail in the U.K. and Europe. It was a little slow on a net basis because we have 1 large mandated fixed income that left in the third quarter but that was sort of a larger blip that occurred. Other than that, the flows were quite strong and it would have been in a larger net inflows during the quarter adjusted for that one fixed income mandate on the platform. In the U.S., our institutional business has picked up nicely. So we recorded and booked a bit more wins but there is a large win -- wins that have not funded yet and the pipeline is actually the largest that's ever been for us and continues to grow and so we, hopefully, will see that come in over the next few quarters. And that offset some of the x-parent stuff that we experienced in that channel and that's beginning to slow to, as that base of assets has diminished a bit. And then the last piece is on the intermediary and the third-party. It's hard to see some of those inflows because we, just like the industry, got hit with in the third quarter a bit more of the outflows in fixed income, so if you adjust for some of the x-parent activity in that thing or the Marsico RIA type thing, we did see a pickup in retail equity flows but it was offset by the fixed income that got a little higher redemptions across the channel. But we see that being a bit more positive as we move into the fourth quarter as well and we think that the fixed income outflows will slow a bit as we've been saying more recently, and I think, some of the buckets that we've mentioned, the sub-advisor and the RIA will also slow on the outflow basis. So that's sort of an initial feel, but again, we got a lot of the quarter to go.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. And then last question for Walter, I guess on the capital return. At some point, I guess we've been sitting here thinking that the $2 billion number would start to come down, especially as you're returning more than you're generating and earnings. But it seems like that excess capital is sort of staying at that $2 billion, slightly over $2 billion level. So I guess, at what point should we expect as we move into 2014 that, that feels sort of draw down some of that excess capital or how should we think about that going forward?
Walter S. Berman: Yes. Okay. We certainly, as we look at it, it's a bit of a high-class problem because we are generating a lot of free cash flow and capital and also been improving our requirements on it. So it's our intention again, as we indicated not to certainly, hold onto $2 billion plus, and certainly, we're evaluating those options as it relates to both from a dividend standpoint and from shareholder repurchase. So it is -- we are on track, like I said, if you look at the numbers, repurchase, so far, over $1.1 billion and the dividends, certainly, $307 million. So we are on track to achieve what we said for the year and certainly as we evaluate 2014, we had the capacity and capability to certainly, assess. We certainly still feel that with this room to refer valuation that we -- it still make sense to us and we would expect that it's not our objective to hold onto $2 billion.
James M. Cracchiolo: And I think, Walter, it's probably incumbent as much on is, again this year, as we've tightened and introduced various adjustments to our products and tightened our hedging and moved in some of the dynamics of some of our capital-intensive businesses, we've been able to free up a bit more capital and so that's the reason why we still have maintained a stronger capital days after returning the extra and part of that extra as you know, we did from the exit of the bank which will gives us a high returning overall company in the future. So I think over time, you'll start to see that adjust as we return -- continue to return well. But we also are generating more free cash flow because the type of the shift in the mix of the businesses.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse.
David Motemaden: This is David Motemaden on behalf of Tom Gallagher. Just have another question on the lower expenses in Asset Management. Just, really, was wondering what was behind that, mainly was it comp or non-comp expenses?
Walter S. Berman: No. In the Asset Management, actually, it is -- if you looking sequentially, the expenses in the quarter were actually -- we had certainly, we're upped our comp but the net effect was pretty much a normal quarter for us. If you do on a sequential, we had basically the CDO element in that quarter, the prior year and the hedge funds in the prior year to date. So expenses are tracking. As we indicated, we are managing them quite well and certainly, we feel that we can continue on this track. So there was really no aberrations in the quarter at all.
David Motemaden: Got it. And then I know, historically, there have been some higher performance fees from the alternative AUM. I'm just wondering how to think about that heading into the 4Q?
Walter S. Berman: No. I think, again, on the alternative, is certainly, it's -- we don't just see a big impact into the fourth quarter.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, that asset base has come down a lot as we've mentioned over the last number of quarters. So that should not be a major impact at all.
Operator: We have no further questions. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the second quarter 2013 earnings call. My name is Larisa and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Alicia Charity. Alicia, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's Second Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to their respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2012 annual report to shareholders, and our 2012 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning and thanks for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. I'll provide my perspective on our results in the business. Walter will review the numbers more fully, and then we'll take your questions. Yesterday afternoon, we reported strong second quarter earnings. We're making significant progress across the firm and we delivered record results in our Advice & Wealth Management business. In terms of the economic environment that we've been operating in, U.S. and European equity markets moved around quite a bit during the quarter. They rose significantly in the early part of the quarter before hitting a rough patch in June and have since come back. Investments are beginning to get back into the markets, and the economy is on more stable ground. The bond market backed up a bit increasing long-term interest rates. However, short-term interest rates remain at an all-time low. Overall, I'm pleased with how Ameriprise is performing. We're moving forward with purpose and executing our consistent strategy. Walter will discuss the numbers in detail, but our financial results demonstrate a strong quarter. On an operating basis, net revenues grew to $2.7 billion from significant growth in our fee-based businesses and a pickup in client and advisor activity. Our earnings were $352 million, with diluted earnings per share of $1.69. And return on equity, excluding AOCI reached a new level, increasing to 17.9%, which is an all-time high for us. In addition, our assets under management and administration increased to $703 billion. Maintaining an excellent financial foundation is core to how we operate the company. We continue to demonstrate the strength of our capital position and ability to generate significant free cash flow to return to shareholders. During the quarter, we returned $488 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Over the last 4 quarters, we returned 134% of our operating earnings to shareholders. As we said, we intend to return the majority of our earnings to our shareholders, annually. With that, let's talk about our Advice & Wealth Management performance. As I mentioned at the start, Advice & Wealth Management had excellent financial results, even after the banking last year and the pressure from low interest rates. Operating net revenues increased 13% to $1.1 billion, driven by significant retail client net inflows, more client activity and market growth. Excluding former bank operations in 2012, operating net revenues increased 17% and operating margin increased to 14.1% due to the growth in productivity and our expense management efforts. We also had very good client flows and asset growth. Ameriprise advisor client assets grew by 13% to $373 billion because of strong net inflows, good results in client acquisition and equity market appreciation. Client activity continued to increase and wrap net inflows were up 18% to more than $3 billion. Advisor productivity is also up nicely, with operating net revenue per advisor, excluding former bank operations, growing 17%. Importantly, our advisor retention remains high. And in terms of experienced advisor recruiting, we saw a meaningful improvement in bringing in another 88 experienced advisors in what was generally a slower recruiting quarter for the industry. I'm pleased with both the number and the quality of advisors joining our firm. We're building on our leadership presence in the retirement space, and driving advisor efficiency through our tools and capabilities. During the quarter, we formally launched our exclusive Confident Retirement approach, which helps clients to feel more confident about their retirement by addressing all of their needs comprehensively. Our advisors say it makes difficult conversations easier and helps to deepen relationships. We're putting a concerted effort towards implementing this program more broadly over the next 18 months. This year is about continuing to educate and engage advisors through field training and focus groups so they can utilize the Confident Retirement approach in their practices. We're also focusing on deriving benefits from the investments we've made, including in technology. We're channeling our efforts to help advisors fully uptake all of our brokerage platform offers as well as our online tools for client-advisor engagement over the next 18 months. And we continue to enhance our tools and processes with new self-service features and enhancements that help advisors save time and make it easier to transact business. During the quarter, some of our online capabilities including our advisor websites and social media efforts were recognized with awards from the Financial Communication Society. Overall, it was an excellent quarter for Advice & Wealth Management across the business. With continued growth in client flows and increased productivity, as well as our ongoing focus on expense management, we're able to grow our margins and offset low interest rates. Now let's move to Asset Management. We're beginning to gain some momentum while managing the outflows we discussed with you last quarter. Assets under management were $459 billion, up 3% compared to last year as growth in equity markets more than offset net outflows and the negative impact of foreign exchange. The growth in assets for market appreciation as well as ongoing revenue and expense re-engineering led to solid earnings in our Asset Management business even after adjusting for the Cofunds gained. In fact, adjusted net pretax operating margin, which does not include the onetime gain, was 36.2% for the quarter compared to 33.7% a year ago and 34.6% in the sequential quarter. In terms of investment performance, our 1-, 3- and 5-year numbers are quite good and reflect our focus on generating consistently strong performance for our clients. We had very good fixed income performance numbers and saw an improvement in domestic and international equity at Columbia. In total, we offer more than 120 4- and 5-star rated funds. With regard to flows, net outflows were $2.1 billion in the quarter. In retail, we showed nice improvements. Threadneedle experienced significant net inflows in the U.K. and Europe with a very robust showing in the first 2 months of the quarter. Overall, we had about $900 million of total net outflows, as the positive gains at Threadneedle were offset by outflows at Columbia. Columbia's outflow drivers were slightly improved from the first quarter and also reflected industry-wide pressure of retail fixed income outflows in June. When adjusting for the market dynamics, underlying Columbia retail net outflows were primarily from the areas we discussed last quarter, a former parent affiliate distribution relationship, a key sub-advisor and our actions to improve the economics of our share class in the IRA channel. While the former parent affiliated distribution relationship represents an important client for us, we will experience ongoing net outflows as our market share normalizes over time. For Columbia, increasing our presence on large distribution platforms and gaining wins on platforms remain the focus for retail. We're also expanding our due diligence efforts. Importantly, sales within our focus funds are good, especially those within our redefining income campaign. However, we need to increase our overall penetration. With regard to institutional, we had about $800 million in total net outflows, but that was driven by $2 billion in outflows from the legacy insurance mandates, parent affiliated distribution and former parent influenced assets. When you adjust for these elements, the underlying traditional institutional business had a solid quarter. As I mentioned last quarter, the pipeline of one, but not yet funded mandates have been building. We had several large U.S. equity and fixed income mandates funded in the quarter. I should also note that our global coordination across our Asset Management businesses is one of our key long-term growth initiatives. During the quarter, existing emerging market debt and equity teams at Columbia and Threadneedle began working together. And over the next several months, we'll expand collaboration between the 2 organizations to include global asset allocation, global fixed income and global equity asset classes. We know we have more work to do in Asset Management, and we will drive hard to gain profitable net flows. We feel we have a good foundation in place that we will continue to build upon. Let's move to Annuities and insurance. Businesses that are important to meeting clients' long-term financial needs in our Confident Retirement approach. In Annuities, we're generating good returns on our business that has an effective risk profile in hedging. The business is well positioned in cash sales of variable annuities through Ameriprise were up 20%. Sales of our managed volatility funds have continued to increase in recent months, with improved equity markets and our wholesaling efforts driving our momentum. In May, we introduced 3 new volatility control products and 20 additional tax sufficient, variable annuities without living benefits. Overall, we're pleased with the initial sales and flows that we're seeing in these products. With regard to fixed annuities, as we said in the past, this is a good book of business for us, but not one that we're looking to grow in a low-interest rate environment. This is consistent with our strategy to manufacture products where we feel we can get attractive risk-adjusted returns. In Protection, the business is also performing well with good profitability. We have a diversified portfolio that is mostly comprised of variable universal life, cash value-focused universal life, disability income and some term products. We're seeing a nice pickup in sales and we're generating meaningful returns. Sales in life insurance are up 32% from last year. Index universal life sales continue to be strong, and we'll also experience an improvement in universal life sales, a business where we are a leader. In Auto and Home, we had a solid quarter, with steady policy growth of 10% from a year ago. We're working to deepen penetration with our affinity partners and with our own advisors and we're seeing nice progress. Client satisfaction retention of Auto and Home remains very positive. To summarize, we had a very good quarter. All of our businesses performed well, especially Advice & Wealth Management, which is showing excellent results. In Asset Management, we're generating solid returns, but we have more work to do to gain flows at Columbia. Our insurance and Annuity businesses are performing well and complement our total offering. Overall, we're executing our strategy, managing expenses and the headwinds from low interest rates. As I mentioned, our return on equity reached a new level in the higher end of our targeted range, consistent with what I told you last quarter. As I look forward, we see opportunities to take it even higher and continue to grow returns over time, especially with an improved rate environment. With that, I'd like to hand things over to Walter for a detailed review of the numbers.
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered excellent financial results this quarter, particularly in our targeted growth areas. Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management. These 2 segments represent over 60% of our total revenues and grew 17% on a combined basis when you normalize for exiting the bank. In Protection and Annuities, revenue grew in line with our expectations, particularly in light of continued low interest rates. Let's turn to earnings on Slide 4. Operating pretax earnings had similar trends to revenues. Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management together represented over 60% of operating pretax earnings. This quarter was particularly high with the Cofunds gain. And adjusting for that, it would've been 59% of operating and pretax earnings. We expect this trend line to be in the high 50% range for the balance of the year. Growth in these 2 areas was particularly strong. In Advice & Wealth Management, earnings grew 63% even with low interest rates and after adjusting for the bank exit. Asset Management earnings increased 53%. Excluding the gains from the Cofund sale, Asset Management earnings increased 30%. Annuities earnings growth was a solid 7%, considering the low interest rate environment. The year-over-year comparison for Protection was impacted by onetime items in both quarters, that I will discuss later. Let's turn to EPS on Slide 5. Earnings per share were $1.69, up a robust 50%, and return on equity hit an all-time high of 17.9%. These reflect strong earnings growth in our Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses, and our ability to utilize our balance sheet to return capital to shareholders given our financial strength. Looking ahead, we continue to see opportunity for further ROE expansion. Moving to the segments. Results in Advice & Wealth Management were strong across the board. Business growth metrics, revenue growth and expense management, all of which drove strong earning and significant margin expansion. Pretax earnings grew 37% in face of both $18 million of lower bank earnings and a negative impact of $15 million from lower spreads on cash sweep accounts. We expect there will continue to be earnings pressure from low short-term interest rates during the balance of the year. Business growth, coupled with strong expense management, has fueled margin growth in the segment to a higher 14.1%. This is up 250 basis points year-over-year, and if we normalize for the bank, margins would've expanded about 400 basis points. Turning to Asset Management, we had earnings of $199 million, up from $130 million in the prior year. Earnings in the quarter included a $30 million gain from the sale of Threadneedle strategic business investment and Cofunds previously mentioned. Excluding this, earnings were up 30%. During the quarter, we had a CDO liquidation. A portion of CDO earnings are recognized when funds are liquidated and performance fees are earned. The liquidation this quarter generated $19 million of profitability, which more than offset higher performance-related compensation expense. Adjusted operating margins improved to 36.2% from 33.7% a year ago. Let's turn to flows in more detail on the next slide. In the quarter, we had a total of $2.1 billion of net outflows. Global retail outflows were $900 million. International retail inflows were $700 million, with strong inflows for April and May, which slowed in June when markets became more volatile. U.S. retail outflows were $1.6 billion. For institutional, outflows were $800 million, an improvement from the last quarter. We had outflows of $2.5 billion, which included $700 million of normal outflows from legacy, insurance mandates at Threadneedle and approximately $1.3 billion of outflows in former parent influenced mandates and former parent affiliated distribution at Columbia. Some of which was low basis points. However, in the quarter, we had $1.7 billion of new mandates funded across Columbia and Threadneedle and the pipeline remained strong. Turning to Annuities, operating pretax earnings were up 7% to $124 million in line with our expectations. Consistent for our strategy to manage the risk profile of our variable Annuity business, we are seeing good growth in attractive new business after launching several new managed volatility funds offerings. We also continued to experience outflows from close block policies sold through outside distribution. Sales of variable annuities with managed volatility funds and products with no living benefit riders drove a 20% increase in sales during the quarter. Variable annuities operating pretax earnings were $82 million, flat compared to last year. While equity markets were higher, that benefit was offset by the distribution expense associated with VA sales growth and higher assets. The level of mean reversion was similar to the prior year. However, this year's mean reversion was due to interest rates and bond fund returns compared with last year, when the change was due to the equity markets. In fixed annuities, operating pretax earnings increased $9 million to $42 million. Results in the current quarter included about $18 million of lower earnings from spread compression. However, the higher investment income from former bank assets transferred into this portfolio late last year offset the interest impact by $7 million. In addition, the prior year period included $17 million of onetime unfavorable adjustments. Moving to Protection, operating pretax earnings were $98 million, down from $109 million in the prior year. The underlying Life & Health business remains quite strong. We had good sales of both variable, universal life and index universal life. In the quarter, we increased reserves for disability income insurance by $8 million. However, the loss ratio on claims levels remain well within our expectations. Auto and Home has continued strong new policy sales growth across market segments, primarily from our affinity relationships. In the quarter, we incurred $18 million of catastrophic losses, which was $4 million higher than we anticipated, and we incrementally added to reserves as we did in the first quarter. Let's turn to capital on the next slide. In the quarter, we returned $488 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As you can see, we have been able to consistently return more than 100% of earnings to shareholders due to our business mix shift, risk management capabilities and strong balance sheet fundamentals. Based on current market conditions, for the rest of 2013, we anticipate that our capital actions will drive continued ROE expansion and will fully neutralize the EPS impact of exiting the bank by year end. Overall, we are executing our strategy and it shows in our results. Our ROE reached 17.9% and we continue to return capital to shareholders. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to start with the Advice & Wealth Management business. I guess, on the past couple of calls, you've talked about the employee-advisor channel as breakeven. Just wondering if we're still breakeven with strong second quarter results. And then, kind of how long do you think it'll take you to actually start to generate a profit in that business? And if you can hit on some of the drivers there, that would be helpful.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay, this is Jim. The employee part of the AWM business is actually profitable. It turned profitable this year, and it's starting to improve nicely. Having said that, it's not to the margins that we would like. That's consistent across the entire franchise now. But as we continue to gain productivity there and manager expenses, we think that will continue accrete to earnings and improve the margins.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess, if we think about the advisors in the 2 channels, how would the productivity of the employee advisors compare to the franchisee advisors?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, today, as you would realize, because the employee channel was one that we more started from a maintaining an employee base over the last number of years rather than migrating people who are maturing over to the franchisee, we still have a number of our legacy people continuing to mature in that as we recruit experienced people into the channel. So we're seeing a nice increase in productivity as they continue to mature, as we continue to ramp up for the years coming in as they continue to get their productivity back up to what they were before they were recruited, as they transfer their books. So I would say, over the next few years, we should be pretty equal in productivity between the channels. Having said that, I think we're looking to grow both channels, and the productivity in both channels continues to go up.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. I mean, could we use a rule of thumb? Is it like half the productivity in the employee channel on average versus franchisee? Is there sort of way of dimensioning that?
James M. Cracchiolo: What we'll do is -- I would say it's -- I think it's more than half at this point in time, I don't have the numbers right in front of me. But I would continue to say that it will narrow over the next number of quarters. And so I think it's materially changed from where it used to be over the last 2 years. But I don't have the latest numbers in front of me.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly on the Advice & Wealth business. If we think about that 14.1% pretax margin, maybe compare it to the 12.9% that you did in the first quarter. I think the second quarter tends to be your seasonally high sort of transaction quarter. I guess I'm trying to figure out how much of the delta between the 2 periods is related to that seasonality versus the productivity or margin expansion that we could expect to continue even as we move to the third quarter?
Walter S. Berman: Sure, it's Walter. As you look at -- again, there's no crystal ball in this, but certainly in the third quarter, we do see a basic cyclicality that will be lower. But we anticipate that the margins, if you're getting to where we're going to be, should be in the high 13s. And so we think, certainly, the trajectory of this was going to continue and the fundamentals are going to drive it. But it will be in the high 13s.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. And then, just the last question I have is on the Asset Management business. I guess, we've talked for a while now about expanding into third-party distribution channels. And I'm just wondering, as you think about that strategy, what are the levers or the catalysts that you have to increase your penetration there? In other words, is it just about performance of the funds or are there some other competitive advantages that you bring to the table that could increase penetration in that channel?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think as we talk about growing our third-party distribution -- and again, I'll separate the retail from the institutional. In the retail side of the business, it's really getting in front of the various distribution partners with our product. As you would imagine, they have a number of products already on their platforms. They've utilized a number of carriers. And so what we're doing is showing them what our Columbia lineup is. We had reestablished our wholesaling and the distributions as we have merged the wholesaling. And now we need to continue to make progress working with them to get into the model portfolios, through the gatekeepers and on the various platforms for the different types of products that we have. So it's not as though we don't have the products nor the performance, we do. It just takes time to build those relationships back and see our products versus the other ones that they're offering and getting our wholesaling and capabilities attached to that. So we are making good progress. As you know, it's a very competitive area, but one that is large. And we're making good headway. I think on the other side of it, we do experience some of the outflows from some of the past things that might have been on there as a sub-advisor or for a portfolio to where the managers have retired or changed, and that had affected on the net basis some of those activities. So we see the ability to grow the distribution through our third parties, as we continue to get more firmly on the ground and ramp up our efforts. Institutional, it was the same thing. I mean, we got put on hold, as you know. But now that pipeline is building, we're getting in front of many of the consultants and their clients and we are winning engagements there. And so we feel pretty good about our ability to do that. Now in the institutional space, we have broadened our lineup, and we will continue to broaden our lineup as we're actually developing some of our other products in certain categories. So in that case, it's more expending some of our product lines as we hit full fruition with the number of years et cetera with some of the merged platforms. So I feel like we will make good progress, however, it doesn't come as quickly as we'd all like.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First, I guess, I realized there maybe some sensitivity becomes U.S. Trust is a client. At the firm, but can you provide any detail on just the amount of U.S. Trust assets that are managed by Columbia? And then it would be helpful if you could kind of gauge how far along is U.S. Trust in the process of shifting to an open architecture platform. And any estimate you have in terms of the size of additional potential outflows related to this transition and how long it may continue.
James M. Cracchiolo: Look, we don't comment on any client or the assets we have for any particular client. What I would say is this, U.S. Trust has their open architecture. They do have lineups of different products. And as they continue to shift based on market cycle. So what we've been somewhat affected by as well is their shift from more of the fixed income where we had some good capability and good product that we had more of their clients in some of our fixed income and our tax exempt, et cetera to more of an equity bias. And as you would imagine, as you do, do a shift, particularly as we've merged our own platforms, and we have to get into their cycle as anybody else does as they evaluate different products or different sectors that they want to invest in. So as we do that, we might lose a bit more share for the areas that we had some large buckets in. And even though we may gain some share from some of the newer areas, it may not be as high as it once was. And so listen, we think that will continue simply because we did have a good installed base when this was all part of Bank of America or when U.S. Trust actually had some of these products. So as an example, they had a reasonable amount of money with, like, some of the sub-advisors, they had it with the VNR [ph], et cetera that was originally, one of their PMs. So I think as things continue to evolve, we will experience a level of outflows there. Not that we don't win a reasonable amount of business or have a good relationship and manage a good bucket of assets, it's just things do change. It's similar to what we did in our system years ago.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, can you comment just on the level of margin on U.S. Trust assets relative to the margin on new sales that you're getting? Comparing the outflows vis–à–vis the inflows.
James M. Cracchiolo: What I would say there is that we have a good relationship with U.S. Trust, of course. Each distribution and each activity is a little different, so I would say on average, new retail flows would be at a higher fee basis than what we -- but again, it's in different buckets, including with U.S. Trust, some as institutional, some as retail, some is within SMAs, some is within mutual funds. So each one of those are a bit different, but I would say, on average, the new retail would be at a higher fee basis.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to follow up on the capital return story. You guys continue to stand out, again, as one of the best probably capital return stories in the financial space. But I guess, some of that was attributable to sort of a catch-up from the bank going away. But I'm wondering once we kind of get through that, why shouldn't we expect well over 100% payout going forward. It feels like it should be sustainable given the mix shift, but I just want to make sure I understand the dynamic.
James M. Cracchiolo: No, it very much is, as we look at the foreseeable future, based on our excess capital, as well as our earnings and the free cash flow that we could return more than 100%, and we may very well do so. Having said that, we don't want to sit here today and just say we will continue to return more than 100% going out. I think we've set a nice base level for you to say we'll return the majority. But I think as what we've shown you, even before the bank, we were returning over 100%. And as Walter said previously, we're not looking to store a lot of excess capital unless we have good use for it in some opportunities, which as we've been doing, we will return the capital to shareholders. We think that's appropriate. So as you saw, we didn't slow that in the third quarter, I mean the second quarter.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: [indiscernible] Another quick follow-up, I guess, on the Asset Management business. The institutional business, I guess, was a little bit better in Columbia this quarter, and I know things can be fairly lumpy, but maybe you can give us maybe a little more granularity on where the kind of pipeline stand today versus where they were a quarter ago. And then maybe the mix of those pipelines. So what kind of, I guess, strategies you guys had seen most traction on the institutional front?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So our pipeline for institutional actually continues to look quite strong. We also have won a number of mandates that still are unfunded, just like we had in the first quarter, that funded in the second quarter. We won some nice mandates in the second quarter. They're unfunded and hopefully they'll fund in the third quarter. We continue to have a good pipeline as we look out today and that pipeline has grown. Having said that, as we look to the third quarter, we may get some lumpiness for some other ex-parent activity legacy things around pensions, et cetera in the Columbia business. We'll get the usual from the Zurich. So I think we'll find that as second quarter, as we showed you, we had a nice pick-up in the third-party. However, when you look at the absolute flow, that was offset a bit by some of the legacy parent stuff, which would be at lower basis point. So we might experience some of that. We can't always optically know exactly when the timing is, but we know there's some of that, that will come out. We think it will come out in the third quarter.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, just the last one for me. I want to get an update on the interest rate sensitivity, given the move in the market we've seen recently. I guess, both to the expectation on the short end of the curve moving perhaps sooner as well as on the long end of the curve.
Walter S. Berman: Well, on the short answer as we talked about -- again, we're not projecting, but I'll just reiterate, as it relates to the sweep accounts, a good rule of thumb on that, if it goes up 100 basis points, we should retain about 85% of that. And that could contribute close to 300 basis points on margins if it happens for the full year. So that is, again, that is certainly we're sitting on a very large amount of cash in sweep accounts, so that's very beneficial. On the long end of the curve, what really is going to happen here, again, a gradual increase here will certainly be beneficial from both the standpoint of our assets earning rates as we certainly had a duration where about 20% is coming through each year that we are reinvesting. So that would be beneficial on that standpoint. We then will have to evaluate now as we do the repricing on the 5-year fixed annuities that we talked about previously, where we're going to set those rates and obviously that will be a factor into it. So it will be beneficial as, again, as long as it's a slow, gradual increase, it will be beneficial to us on that basis. And then of course, it's beneficial from the standpoint on our hedging programs and the costs embedded within that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Gelb form Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to touch base on the overall return on equity profile. It looks like the company is clearly going to be in the high-teens range on return on equity for this year and that's up from around 16% in 2012. And I'm just wondering if there's anything that you could see that would prevent Ameriprise from continuing to put up a couple hundred basis points of return on equity improvement over the next few years.
Walter S. Berman: This is Walter. Obviously, no. In the main in most situations, we should be able to generate. You can always have a 2008 event, so I don't want to preclude. But no, barring that sort of dramatic situation, the business model is generating the sort of free cash flow that allows us to do that, and we're working on reducing our requirements and certainly as we shift the business, that is certainly extremely beneficial as allowing us to take the increase return on equity.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So between the combination of the good, strong earnings power, the buybacks that could absorb 100% or more of net income and then lower capital requirements on the business, that those would be the drivers?
Walter S. Berman: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Crédit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A few questions for me. The first one, just to come back to the situation at Columbia and comparing it to Threadneedle, what's going on there? So I understand the Zurich outflows that are expected are very low basis point mandates. So there's clearly not much loss of revenues if you look at -- follow the trail of assets, meaning there's still a positive revenue trend even though there's potentially net outflows here. But on the U.S. side with Columbia, can you help us think about the order of magnitude on -- because you've already laid out that they are the affiliated former parent assets that you expect to flow out, but are these anywhere close to the Zurich fees? Are those much higher? Because I heard your comment, Jim, that you -- that the new mandates are higher, but I just want to get a sense for how much higher. Are we talking about the assets that are flowing out are 40 basis points and the new mandates are 50 basis points? Can you help flush that out a little bit?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay, I think -- let me separate just the 2, because some of the outflows are also related as we just said over the last few periods that weren't necessarily just ex-parents, so they're ex-parent in a sense, but for instance, we have a sub-advisory relationship. Outside of that, we've made some changes in our RIA pricing that we think, economically, will be beneficial even with the outflows. And those are beyond sort of the ex-parent sort of stuff. But the sub-advisor was a separate sort of arrangement that we did assume when we did the deal. With the ex-parent stuff, the institutional would be at lower basis points. So that would be, actually, in some cases lower than the Zurich. In some of the cases, like on the retail side that would be in funds, would be higher than would be the Zurich because that's a balance of institutional and retail. And when we separate the 2, that will be higher. But what I'm saying on a like-to-like basis, for retail or institutional, the inflows that we're receiving through third parties and growing new distribution is at a higher rate overall and a reasonable higher rate. So from that basis, now, when you look at it to Threadneedle, it took us a little while for Threadneedle to really ramp up that third-party because -- but when we first acquired them, a lot of the mix was the Zurich that we had to diversify. But the amount of the bucket is large even though the fees were low. With Columbia, we have a combination of what we acquired from Columbia that was their proprietary and what they did with their channels. There was a part that was third-party, and then we combined that with what we have, which was significantly in the U.S. Ameriprise, which is sustaining. So I would say that there is a better balance here than we did when we acquired Threadneedle. And so we will overcome that hurdle, but we will experience continued outflows as that base of Columbia that came from Bank of America diversifies.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Got it.
James M. Cracchiolo: Is that helpful?
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, that is. So the lost revenues on the outflows, we're going to be seeing, your point is that it's somewhat similar to the dynamic that's going on with Threadneedle, but probably less of a spread, if I think about the basis points on new mandates versus the business you're losing, is that a fair way to put it?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, for the stuff that will come out over time. For the stuff that has already come out, the basis points we lost wasn't as significant because a lot of that was in the institutional pension, Balboa, things like that. So that was even a lower basis point than the Zurich is on average. But on the stuff that will continue, let's say, as an on-going through retail would be a bit higher basis points than Zurich, but again, the mandates we're winning and retail would be higher than that.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. The next question I had is, Jim, just given how well you guys are executing in Advice & Wealth right now, any thoughts on more aggressively investing into this business, whether it's M&A, a much bigger ramp-up of hiring new advisors, any thoughts on that?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, we continue to invest nicely into the AWM business, as I said, and you've seen over the last number of years, our technology, our branding, some of our online capabilities, in mobile. We're coming out with our Confident Retirement approach, we've added some extra resources to help our advisors train up on the tools and capabilities to integrate their practices, particularly to engage clients with the online and activities around how people want to do business in a more 360 dimension today. So we continue to do that. Regarding recruitment, very clearly, we have still a good pipeline. We're out there. We've actually expanded our reach over the last year or 2. As you know, the industry has slowed a bit in there, and you can see others in the first and second quarter, but we feel like we have a good pipeline and that has come back. And we'll continue to reach out there for recruitment and additions. We do buy some individual smaller practices and other things that we add. Having said that, we don't look to go out and just buy independents at this point because we like sort of our model, and we -- anybody who we feel and is interested in joining our model as a franchisee or as our employee with our value proposition, we would definitely be interested in. But we're not just out there trying to roll up firms to grow advisor accounts.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question I had just on a numbers question for Walter. So Page 38 of the supplement, disclosed items, the $21 million earnings drag from, I guess, what you guys are labeling compensation items. Can you just give a bit more granularity on what exactly this is from, which segments this is showing up in? And whether or not all or some of this is going to go away by next quarter?
Walter S. Berman: Well, okay. It spreads across all the segments, and, including corporate, because obviously there's an element there. So it deals with, first and foremost, a very high-class problem we have on compensation as it relates to retention for advisors, formation or block. We actually have a higher retention factor relating to that, and we are recognizing that now, obviously, as we're getting closer to the periods. So there's really a big, big, big plus for us. So that will continue towards as we go towards the end of the year. But -- and then obviously, that would end. The performance as your doing it, is it relates to really assessing both on our programs and it goes across, certainly, our asset management approach goes [indiscernible] as we evaluate where that level is. And we now have assessed that and we've taken it up, which then taking it up in the second quarter, takes it up obviously, for the prior quarter. And now going forward, that should stay at the level again, we will reassess as we try and get our accruals as accurate as possible as we think the end performance would be there. So I think it follows a normal pattern that we've done sometime and -- so it's across the board and it's certainly on that basis, it deals with that. The other thing that we have and it's not on -- as it relates -- Page 21, it relates to severance, and, which we, from time to time we reflect the severance, and the severance is reflected in the corporate segment.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, Walter, how much -- it sounds like there's some kind of tail on this $21 million, meaning it doesn't go to 0 next quarter. Can you just frame that out? How much of this $21 million would you expect to recur?
Walter S. Berman: Let me -- we're doing, obviously, in the second quarter, we're booking up for the first quarter in some of the -- and in the area that I mentioned. And again, it will continue to book at that level as you look up to increase, but you won't get the same, because you're not catching up for the first quarter. But it will -- we will certainly continue to book at a higher level. And then you have to take apart the various components that relates to severance. Severance, again, I can't tell you whether we will be booking through. And then we will book through a portion of the elements as relates to the [indiscernible] block.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and it gets smaller?
Walter S. Berman: It should, certainly, the level in the second quarter, the third and fourth, it should be -- again, if it's constant, if we don't change, it should small.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So it should go down from $21 million, fallen 1/2 or 1/3?
Walter S. Berman: Well, Tom, here we go. It will go down.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, I was hoping we could return to the earlier discussion you had with another question or about U.S. Trust. Are you essentially saying, I just want to get a sharper point around your answer? Are you essentially saying that: one, U.S. Trust is going to a more open architecture approach having relied heavily on Columbia; and two, that there had been a mismatch that is evolving between your strength and strongest performance and their focus? Help me -- maybe we can go over that again, please?
James M. Cracchiolo: No, what I'm saying is, first of all, U.S. Trust always had their diversified business. And so what I'd mentioned to you is, as an example, there are certain portfolios in U.S. Trust like the VNR [ph]. The gentleman who ran that was actually one of the PMs originally that was part of the U.S. Trust business. So as you would imagine assets build in those type of portfolios over the long term, there's a good association, their systems familiar with it. So when he retired, we experienced greater outflow, right? Because that's a lot of where those assets were originally. So you have those things that are normal in any distribution system. In regard to what I've mentioned here is, we at Columbia used to work very closely with U.S. Trust on -- in their tax exempt categories, in their SMAs and various things to craft individual client portfolios, et cetera. So when they rotate out of certain classes like that, it's just like any other provider that may have been strong and fixed income in a certain distribution channel. You're going to experience a bit more outflows when you rotate out because of that type of penetration. And so that's part of what we're experienced. And then part is, when Columbia was there, they had a certain lineup of funds. And in those lineups, that's what was sold within the distribution, just like again on any platform. When we merged the 2 platforms, and now we have a larger lineup of funds, we got to get some of those new funds in as they look at their own lineup of other carriers that they had. And so if their installed base had a lot more of the Columbia funds originally for the reasons I've mentioned, and then you're adding new types of business and your other funds you're trying to add are newer, just as they have to try to get on and compete against the next person, you're not going to win as much business as you once had, but your redemptions will be higher because your base of assets is higher with that distributor. And that's exactly what's happened. That's why we said over time, it would sort of normalize or equalize. And again, we have a good relationship, it was a -- always a part of what they did for many, many years. So it does take a little time for that rebalancing.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Second question. It's interesting to me that it feels like and it seems like the retail picture at Threadneedle has been materially better than that at Columbia. Would that be your perception, too? And if so, why this contrast? When you think of these 2 money managers and their mutual -- retail mutual fund businesses. If it is in fact the case that in general Columbia has been in an outflow mode, Threadneedle in inflow mode, why the difference?
James M. Cracchiolo: So Eric, very clearly, let me take Threadneedle first, okay? Threadneedle, for many years had excellent performance. But at the beginning, just having excellent product and performance didn't get them to win business in the U.K. because again, in the past, they worked more closely with Zurich, and they focused on Zurich as a part of their proprietary house for that business. So when we purchased Threadneedle, we worked with Threadneedle to really diversify, invest appropriately so that we took more time and effort. But it took years for us to get onto those platforms and channels in the U.K. I mean, last year, I'll give you an example, even with some of the larger players there, we actually, for a few quarters, actually became the #1 seller in the U.K. because we had good performance. But we've been there, and we took the time to build those relationships and positioning. And we had great product that was what was in demand there. And that's what we're doing right now with Threadneedle in Europe. So again, 2 years ago, we weren't really selling much in Europe. We're trying to build that. Now, we're starting to sell in Europe after it took us the time to build. And so that's what's happening at Threadneedle. Columbia has good product and good performance. Having said that, a number of years ago, Columbia didn't have that performance, and they were dealing with a lot of their own things and the roll up of those firms from Fleet and Bank of America and Nations and all that and going through their changes. But they also had big focus on when they merged into U.S. Trust business and the Asset Management business with the Fleet business, with the Bank of America business, there was roll up with Nations. So over time, those things have to settle, they actually want 1 brand called Columbia. And so it wasn't as though they were firmly established for a long period of time. And so when we acquired them, they were on their way. But when we acquired them, that disrupted a little bit, too, right? It put things on hold, we had to merge funds, there's a number of changes that occur. So that's exactly what's happening. So I actually see this as still a terrific opportunity, but it does take more time than we once think about because it wasn't as though Columbia was all settled and established for a long period of time prior. It was a roll up of things that they did a good job putting together to become Columbia. And over time, the team there actually developed good performance. And if you go back, their track record years ago probably wasn't as strong as it is today. And that continues to build to give us the consistency with a wider platform of product. So that's exactly what's occurring, Eric. And again, sometimes we look at it, but there's been a lot of change in the industry, a lot of flow issues because of markets, and now fixed incomes backing up a little bit. So it takes a little time.
Operator: The last question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Question on Asset Management on the, I guess, at least on the GAAP-based operating margin. If we exclude the couple of onetime items, the onetime gains that you guys called out this quarter, I think it calculates out to about 19.5%, 19.6% margin. How should we think about the drivers of the improvement in that margin as we look forward? I mean, is this really -- the margin improvement is really about a turn in flows? Are there other factors, aside from just market performance that might contribute to the expansion of the margin there?
Walter S. Berman: Obviously it's a flow, and as you would get to that, certainly, it's the mix of business as we look through. You're using the GAAP approach and obviously, if you use the adjusted approach, which tends to normalize it, you would get that. It clearly it's reengineering and other elements as we improve margins that will continue to drive that. So there is -- it is getting -- if it's a very leveraged business, and as you make the contributes to it and the mix shift between the businesses, equity markets and fixed and other things of that nature. Those are all the key drivers. I mean that's, obviously again, another focus of the firm, and I think it's consistent with what we've said in the past.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Well, and then, if just sort of drill down and look at the management fee rate this quarter, I mean, notwithstanding the fact that flows shifted, equities as a percentage of AUM was definitely up. And the fee rate expanded pretty nicely on the quarter-over-quarter basis. I mean, is that really what we should be looking for? Is overall equities as a percentage of AUM moving higher and to the extent that, that happens that fee rates just naturally moves higher? I mean, I guess, this sort of goes part and parcel with Tom's question earlier about fee rate of assets coming off versus the fee rate of assets coming on.
Walter S. Berman: Well, I think it's very consistent, and your observation is correct. As Ted talked about it at the FCM [ph], it certainly as equity markets take on greater proportions, that would be the beneficial factor as it relates to our margins. And certainly -- but again, that is certainly a key driver, Jim, I don't know...
James M. Cracchiolo: As Walter also said, it's the mix, or you just said that as some of the outflows have occurred in the lower margin business or lower fee-based business, not necessarily margin, that's exactly what you'll start to see transfer. Now again, I think it's a little lumpy, and it's not a perfect science every quarter because you have a number of those different variables or key levers happening, but that's exactly what you said.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, I guess that's what I'm trying to get at is not -- I'm trying to sort to see whether -- prevent getting ahead of ourselves, and how much this fee rate can move higher.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, don't let you get ahead of yourself there.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: The last thing I wanted to just ask is, there's a lot of moving parts, there's U.S. Trust, you have some issues at Marsico, you've got the RIA, the adjustments that you made. As we look forward, I know you guys sort of quote fund flows, including reinvested dividends, but if we look at it x reinvested dividends where, clearly, there's a seasonal factor to that, how do we -- do you have real -- do have any visibility on how we should expect, especially Columbia retail net flows to trends here, if we exclude reinvested dividends?
James M. Cracchiolo: I wish I had a crystal ball, I don't. The only thing I can say is this on a few of the leverage, one is we made the change with the RIA. People knew it was coming the first quarter. The change actually went in at the end of the March. You would always experience a little more adjustment after that occurs, which we did in the second quarter from the first. I don't know if that will continue or slow down, et cetera. We think it, hopefully, will slow down. Regarding Marsico as an example, very good partner, over time built a good business, their performance has come back. They're settled, et cetera. Having said that, some of those things are lumpy based on how people evaluate them in their portfolio. So we think we'll experience a little of that again, but hopefully their performance and activities will come back there. And again, on the U.S. Trust, as I would say, is there is going to be a continuation and normalization there, but we're working hard to get more inflows. I actually have seen the sales pickup nicely. And then what happened in June for everybody with the pullback in the bond market affected a lot of people's sales and activities. So listen, I don't have a crystal ball. The only thing I can tell you is we're working hard. We're looking at all the various levers to grow the business. And sometimes, you hit some more quickly, better at certain spots, but I think we have opportunity and we just got to work at it. And hopefully, we'll get that to go in the right direction. And that's what we're pushing for.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And one last real quick one if I can sneak it in, there's been some outflows, pretty consistently out of the alternatives asset classes. Maybe you can just give us an update on where things stand, I know accrue performance fees back late in the fourth quarter or in the fourth quarter, but where this performance stand?
Walter S. Berman: Right now, I think performance is improved, again, with the flows coming off, it will not be a major factor.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the first quarter 2013 earnings call. My name is Lorraine, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial's first quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear various references to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the company's operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2012 annual report to shareholders, and our 2012 10-K report. We take no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to provide my perspective on the business. Walter will follow my remarks with a review of our results, and then we'll take your questions. Yesterday afternoon, we reported good first quarter earnings. Overall, Ameriprise is performing well. Assets are up across the firm and we're generating very strong results in our Wealth Management business. We're executing on our strategy, investing in our growth areas and strengthening our position in our core businesses. In terms of the economic environment, I feel better than I did a year ago. Equity markets are stronger in the United States, and the economy is on a more stable ground and growing slowly. Across Europe, the markets are a bit weaker, consistent with the economic environment there. However, we're managing the headwinds caused by very low interest rates, although this pressure has been offset by gains in the equity markets. Walter will take you through the numbers in detail, but our financial results reflect a good start to the year. On an operating basis, net revenues grew to $2.6 billion, due to strong growth in our fee-based businesses, offsetting the negative impact from rates in the loss of the bank-related revenues. Our earnings were $338 million, with earnings per share of $1.59. And return on equity increased to 16.4%, which is an all-time high for us. We expect to see ROE continue to improve over the next few quarters. In addition, our assets under management and administration grew to a record high of $708 billion. We're maintaining our strong capital position, generating good free cash flow and increasing our capital return to shareholders. During the quarter, we returned $454 million to shareholders, including repurchasing $360 million of our common stock. As we've said, we intend to return the majority of our earnings to our shareholders annually, including the capital freed up from the bank. And we plan to do so in a balanced way, based on the environment and the share price. As you saw in the earnings release, we announced that we're increasing our dividend another 15%. With regard to capital, we're focused on our core businesses and returning capital to shareholders in a prudent manner. We often look at acquisition opportunities and how they can complement our business. But at this point, we don't see any large properties in the marketplace that meet our acquisition criteria. With that, let me turn to the business. Our highlights for the first quarter reflect our progress, opportunities for further growth and our continued focus on areas of improvement. Advice & Wealth Management is producing excellent results as we continue our growth from 2012 into the first quarter. Operating net revenues increased 7% to $1 billion, driven by record retail client net inflows and market appreciation. Operating net revenues increased 10%, excluding former banking operations, and operating PTI increased 39%, and adjusted for the bank, it would have been 66%. Operating margin increased to 12.9% due to the increase in productivity, our effective expense management and savings we targeted from our reduced technology spend. In fact, the 12.9% number included both the impact of lower interest rates on cash balances from a year ago, as well as the loss of the bank. Ameriprise advisor client assets grew by 11% to $372 billion, driven by strong net inflows and equity market appreciation. Client activity continue to pick up with exceptionally strong wrap net inflows, growing to $4.1 billion, which is 41% higher than a year ago. Productivity is also up nicely, with operating net revenue per advisor, excluding former bank operations, growing 9%. Importantly, our advisor force remains strong, retention and satisfaction rates are high. We continue to recruit good, productive and experienced advisors. Because of better markets in the year-end tax season, recruiting has slowed in the first quarter, which is consistent with others in the industry. We do, however, see a good opportunity to continue to bring in more quality advisors this year. We're investing in our growth areas, building our brand through advertising, and increasing efficiency through the tools and technologies we provide advisors. The Ameriprise name was highly visible in the first quarter. We launched the next phase of our national advertising campaign, with spots airing during high-profile sports and entertainment programming and online video ads. In fact, our ad awareness has doubled with our campaign, so we're seeing terrific results there. We also released our latest retirement survey, a continuation of our Retirement Check-In series to provide research and support to our advisors and demonstrate our position as a retirement thought leader in the industry. With regard to our technology platform, which includes our new brokerage platform, as well as all of our online capabilities, we're now focused on helping advisors leverage the benefits of the full suite. This is a priority for us over the next 18 to 24 months. We invested in this system because we believe it can help our advisors grow productivity, and when utilized fully, it will lower costs and enhance our overall client and advisor experience. One of our largest opportunities for growth is in the retirement space, where we're already a leader. We're focused on serving the consumers' overall retirement goals. In fact, we brought out a more consumer-friendly approach to enhance our go-to-market positioning. We call it our Confident Retirement approach. It has tested very well with our advisors and consumers, and we've just begun to roll it out across our system. Advisors who are using it are finding it to be a very effective way of deepening current relationships and developing new ones. We're putting a concerted effort towards implementing this more broadly over the next 2 years. Overall, it was a very good quarter for Advice & Wealth Management, and we're pleased with the progress we're making in the business. With good flows in productivity, as well as our continued expense management efforts and even with the headwinds from low interest rates, margin is expanding nicely. In Asset Management, we're building on our 2 strong footholds in the United States and Europe, and establishing a strong global Asset Management business. We're delivering good financial performance while managing a period of outflows, which I'll discuss further in a moment. Our assets under management were up 2% sequentially to $466 billion, driven by market appreciation. However, that included the negative impact of foreign exchange, which was sizable in the quarter. Operating PTI increased 10%, reflecting market appreciation and the benefits we're realizing from our revenue and expense reengineering efforts. And the adjusted net pretax operating margin grew to 34.6%, from 33.3% a year ago. We have a good product platform in Asset Management, which we're continuing to invest in and grow, in particular within global equities and asset allocation products. Meanwhile, we're maintaining consistent competitive investment performance, which remains a priority for us. Regarding flows, Walt will cover the numbers for the quarter. But I wanted to take a moment to explain how we think about Asset Management, the overall strategy we're executing and what you can expect from a business perspective. Both of our major acquisitions, Threadneedle and Columbia, gave us asset managers with meaningful portions of assets under management, which included mandates from their former parents. That created unique flow characteristics that we continue to manage today. Threadneedle is part of Zurich and it manages a significant level of insurance-affiliated assets. Our objective was to leverage Threadneedle's investment platform and asset base to build strong, third-party related distribution in both retail and institutional capabilities to grow higher fee business while managing legacy assets. We've been successful in doing this. Today, legacy insurance mandates represent a much smaller percentage of Threadneedle's assets under management. This relationship is important but we do expect to experience approximately $3 billion to $4 billion in outflows of these assets annually, given the nature of the book. That said, as we look at the business overall and invest to grow, Threadneedle inflows are higher fee and we're seeing that dynamic come through in the P&L. Like Threadneedle, Columbia had a level of assets directly associated with its former parent, as well as assets that were influenced by relationships with the bank or its affiliates. We approached the transaction in a similar manner to Threadneedle, to build on the existing asset and client base, leverage strong investment performance and product offerings and expand third-party and institutional distribution relationships. While outflows of assets directly associated with the bank's pension and institutional area are largely behind us, we continue to experience several billion of ongoing outflows annually from our relationship with the bank and bank-affiliated distribution. In addition, we expect some level of outflows from a key subadvisor. The core of the Columbia business is strong. We're beginning to make good progress on growing in third-party and institutional. We have good traction in our focus funds and we are working to expand this more broadly across our intermediary platforms. As well as we're building a broader institutional pipeline and beginning to win more institutional mandates. Looking ahead, we expect flows to improve gradually this year. Here's what you can expect from an overall business perspective. Both Threadneedle and Columbia will experience outflows from assets that were directly or indirectly affiliated with the former parent companies, the majority being lower-fee business. We'll leverage our platforms to build flows through third-party distribution in both the retail and the institutional channels. We're organizing the efforts of Columbia and Threadneedle to use the strengths of the investment teams to better compete in the global marketplace with high demand products such as emerging markets, asset allocation and global. We're always focused on generating consistently strong investment performance, building on the product portfolio of 118 4- and 5-star funds. In fact, Columbia won 5 new Lipper Awards in the quarter. Reengineering remains a priority to maintain good profitability and margins as our flows evolve. And finally, we will make decisions to drive profitable net inflows. For example, we are executing our plan to align share classes with certain distribution channels. In the case of our RIA changes, it may impact flows in the near term in exchange for improved earnings. Overall, I'm optimistic about this business and what we can do with this business. We have talented people, good investment processes, solid performance and expanding distribution. We're focused on gaining flows and building from the strong foundation we have in place over the medium term. Let's move to Annuities and insurance. In Annuities, our business is strong and performing well. We're generating good returns on a business that has a good risk profile with strong hedging. Our flows are improving in our new volatility control product. In addition, we're building out the product line by launching 3 new managed volatility funds to help serve an even broader range of client and advisor needs. As we move forward, we'll also emphasize variable annuities without a living benefit rider to add to our already strong book. We're launching 21 new investment options, including more advice embedded solutions, new asset classes like alternatives and commodities, and more funds and asset classes where tax deferral is valuable. This is a good business for us and we're looking to grow this book again. With regard to fixed annuities, they continue to be in net outflows due to the effects of the interest rate climate and the reduced client appetite for these products. As we look to 2014, we'll be able to reprice a portion of the book that will take some of the pressure from this product line off our margins. In Protection, our insurance business is also performing well with good profitability in the quarter. We have a diversified portfolio that is mostly comprised of variable universal life, cash value-focused universal life, disability insurance and term products that are not significantly impacted by the interest rate environment. We're beginning to see a nice pickup in sales of life products, with cash sales growing 12% year-over-year. We're also pleased to see sales grow in our variable universal life product, as well as continued steady growth in our indexed universal life. In Ameriprise Auto and Home, we had solid policy growth of 9% from our affinity partners and within the Ameriprise channel, resulting in premiums growing nicely, up 7%. Expenses were well managed; however, momentum was affected by increased reserves for an auto liability loss development. Client satisfaction retention for Auto and Home remains strong. To summarize, we had a good quarter. We continue to execute the strategy we laid out for you in November and we're making good progress. We're investing to maintain good capabilities, while maintaining tight control of expenses. Now I'd like to hand things over to Walter for a detailed review of the numbers.
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise delivered strong financial results, particularly in our key areas of growth: Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management. These 2 segments represent 60% of our total revenues and grew 8% on a combined basis when you normalize for exiting the bank. In Protection and Annuities, revenues grew in line with our expectations, particularly in light of continued low interest rates. Let's turn to earnings on Slide 4. Pretax earnings from Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management together increased over 30%, excluding bank earnings in the 2012 quarter. Similar to the revenue picture, we are seeing the same trend for operating pretax earnings in these segments. Let's turn to EPS on Slide 5. Excluding the bank, we had a solid 13% growth in operating EPS to $1.59 per share. As we said, we plan to return 100% plus of earnings to shareholders this year, plus the $375 million freed up from exiting the bank. The return of capital associated with the bank will effectively offset the lost bank earnings from an EPS perspective by year end. However, because of timing, earnings per share was impacted $0.04 on a year-over-year basis. Return on equity hit an all-time high in the quarter at 16.4%. And we see an opportunity for further ROE expansion in 2013 and over the longer term. Moving to the segment discussions. In Advice & Wealth Management, the strong year-over-year PTI growth trends were driven by underlying fundamentals of the business. Client assets grew 11% to $372 billion, and we had record wrap net inflows of $4.1 billion. Advisor metrics were strong. We continue to recruit high-quality experienced advisors with continued high retention rates. Advisor productivity reached a record high of 104,000. In the quarter, low interest rate had a negative impact of $10 million on our earnings year-over-year. The impact of low rates will be approximately $10 million per quarter for the balance of the year. As Jim said, we remain focused on managing expenses. Excluding the bank, G&A expenses were down 3%, primarily from the wind-down of the brokerage platform conversion expense. Year-over-year, new brokerage platform related expenses declined $8 million, though a nominal amount of training expense will remain for the next quarter or 2. We'll continue to invest in business growth initiatives, but we do not see any projects of this magnitude in the near term. One of the most compelling results in the quarter is the AWM margin, which on a reported basis, was 12.9%, up 300 basis points. Good results in their own right. If we exclude the bank from the prior quarter, margins would've expanded 430 basis points over the prior year. Turning to Asset Management. We had solid earnings of $144 million, up 10% over last year. We're able to deliver earnings growth, despite being in outflows, by reengineering our revenue and expense bases. In the quarter, we had 1 less fee day, which impacted revenue growth and profitability. Overall operating expenses were up 4%, primarily from the impact of market appreciation on distribution fees, and G&A expenses remain well-controlled. As always, we will continue to focus on both revenue and expense reengineering opportunities to maintain solid profitability and margins, make the necessary choices particularly around fee levels to ensure our flows are profitable, and execute the strategies necessary to achieve positive flows. Let's turn to flows in more detail on the next slide. In the quarter, we had a total of $5.7 billion of outflows. This was higher than anticipated, but consistent with prior patterns of outflows in a few specific areas. For retail, overall flows were flat, with a strong $1.7 billion of inflows at Threadneedle. This was driven by strong consumer confidence and good sales in a few key products, particularly in Europe. We recognize that U.S. retail flows remained a challenge. First, a large distribution partner continued to rebalance asset concentrations. Second, we had continued outflows from a third-party subadvisor. As we mentioned last quarter, we're also taking actions to improve the profitability of flows by changing the share class that we are offering in the RIA channel. This resulted in outflows this quarter and we expect to see more over the next few quarters. For institutional, outflows were high at $5.5 billion, though primarily from low fee assets. At Threadneedle, $2.2 billion of the outflows were largely from normal outflows from legacy insurance assets, and also included $1 billion from a mandate in Japan that we've previously disclosed. For institutional at Columbia, there were approximately $1 billion of outflows from low basis point assets, including Balboa. In addition, several clients took money off the table in both investment-grade and high-yield credit mandates, given strong performance in these asset classes. Turning to Annuities. Operating pretax earnings was $156 million, which was in line with our expectation. Variable annuity operating pretax earnings were $109 million, down 18% from the prior year period. First quarter results were impacted by a $7 million higher DAC amortization and benefits expense related to our third quarter 2012 unlocking, which we had discussed last quarter. And additionally, there was $10 million less favorable mean reversion compared to a year ago. And the prior year period included a $20 million favorable actuarial model adjustment. In fixed annuities, operating pretax earnings declined $9 million. The pressure from low interest rates continued to impact the fixed annuity block. In the first quarter, the impact from low interest rates was $17 million on a gross basis. Partially offsetting this was a benefit to investment income from the accretion associated with assets transferred from the bank in the fourth quarter. We expect the pretax earnings impact of low interest rates to be $15 million to $20 million per quarter for fixed annuities. By year end, we will begin lowering our interest rate exposure by resetting rates on a large 5-year guarantee block of fixed annuities. As previously mentioned, we adopted a new methodology for allocating equity to our product lines in the quarter. The new methodology reflects the higher requirements of rating agencies or regulators, and also allocates contingent capital for stress scenarios, mainly to support our variable annuity book. This quarter, the Annuity segment's return on equity was a strong 16.2%. Moving to Protection on Slide 10. Operating pretax earnings were in line with our expectations at $110 million. The continued strong results in our Life & Health businesses were offset by lower earnings for Auto and Home. Life & Health earnings were strong in the quarter from favorable disability and long-term care claims experience. It was a good quarter for sales. Both variable universal life and indexed universal life sales were up after refreshing our product last year. Auto and Home has continued strong new policy sales growth across market segments, primarily from our affinity relationships with Costco and Progressive. However, earnings were a bit lower as we built reserves related to prior year loss development. The Protection segment generated a strong 16.7% operating return on allocated equity in the period. Let's turn to capital on the next slide. We returned $454 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in the first quarter. We have been able to consistently return more than 100% of earnings to shareholders due to our business mix shift, risk management capabilities and strong balance sheet fundamentals. For the rest of 2013, we anticipate that our capital actions will drive continued ROE expansion and will neutralize the EPS impact of exiting the bank by the year end. As Jim said, we announced that our board of directors has approved an increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.52 per share after our regular annual dividend review. This dividend brings us to a 2.9% dividend yield, and is in line with our strategy to move towards a greater portion of our capital returned in the form of shareholder dividends. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the environment for recruiting new advisors, and whether you view the slowdown in hiring this quarter as a blip or is it becoming more difficult to attract the advisors you're targeting? And I guess related to that, do you expect any impact if new disclosure rules for compensation packages offered to advisors or advisor recruits go into effect?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, what we've seen is we've started to experience a little slowdown at the end of the year and the first part of this year. And we think that's consistent -- and you probably heard this from some others, because the market did pick up, there were a lot of changes at the end of the year because of fiscal policy and tax policy, and there's a number of things that I think, because of dividends and reinvestments, that people were much more focused on how they're going to manage their portfolios. So we saw that a bit more this year than we did in previous years. I think that's across the industry. Having said that, we still have a good pipeline that's starting to rebuild as people come out of this period. And we think that we will be able to ramp it up a bit as we go through the following quarters. We've also been focused a bit more on higher productive people, and so that area is always a bit more competitive. But we've been really attracting some quality people into our franchise. Regarding the new disclosure rules, depending on what they ultimately decide, it will initially have some effects, I would think, as people start to think about how they would disclose information in regard to their clients and what that would mean to them. Having said that, I think it could actually work as a benefit over time, in a sense that there's a lot of -- people move between wirehouses, and there's a question of why do they do that? Are they doing it just for compensation or for a change in environment? In our case, as we attract people over, we're attracting people who are actually coming over to work in a little different model, with a bit more advice proposition. And we think we can probably help them explain to their clients what we would provide them that would actually help them work with their clients even more fully. So it would be a change. I think any change always has an effect. Having said that, I think there are some good things that we could highlight that would explain why those people are making the change to move. So we'll see where it goes as far as what the regulator ultimately decides. But we are preparing ourselves to deal with that effectively.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then, if I could just ask one quick one on the Asset Management side. You talk about a lot of the outflows being in the low-margin assets. I was just hoping you could give us a sense of the margin difference between, kind of, what you're seeing on the institutional outflows; and then, on the retail assets where you are seeing inflows? So just kind of a rough margin differential between the 2.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think we could break it down to just 1 or 2 components in institutional that Walter mentioned. So -- and I'll separate the Threadneedle from Columbia, just for a moment. Clearly, we still have the $2.2 billion of outflows from Zurich-related assets. One was a mandate that we recognized, a little incremental from our normal flow picture. But on an ongoing basis, these are closed books, et cetera. And there is always a drawdown of assets. We have explained in the past that the fee basis, even though it's a good level for us to generate profitability, is much lower than new institutional mandates that we do win in the international marketplace. And therefore, the flow picture always looks, whether even if it's a breakeven at a point, it's a real positive for us if we're bringing that in through the new mandates through the third-party institutions. Columbia is a little similar in that regard. There were bank-related like Balboa that they sold off that insurance book, there were bank-related affiliate distribution related to their institutional activities that also have very low basis points. And those, compared to new institutional mandates, are significantly different. Now the one thing we did get affected in the first quarter that was of higher fee to us were some mandates that we had in the credit area, not because we didn't have good performance, we have excellent performance, but because there was a rotation out of some of that area at the very beginning of the year, when everyone thought rates would start to back up, et cetera. And so we experienced that rebalancing. Now the good news is, from what was freed up, including some capacity in these areas, we do have wins that will be funded in the second quarter, it just didn't time correctly. And you can never count on the timing of those things. So we do see some improvement in that regard from what I would call the third-party institutional. It doesn't mean that we won't continue to get affected by what I would call the ex-parent stuff, including here with Columbia. And that's an effect. And the retail distribution, as you know, retail always has different fee structures than the institutional. However, some of those fee structures for outflows are again, through bank relationships, as well as through subadvisor. And so their fee adjustments will be slightly different than it would be if we're winning a new third-party that doesn't have some of those fee structures attached to it. And the last point was -- Walter made on the RIA. RIA, we were selling the wrong share class when we actually took this over. And even though we will experience outflows as we did in the first quarter, over time, this will actually be a better business for us. But we felt appropriate to make those changes. So there's a confluence of events that really hit in the first quarter. Having said that, we're continuing to be very focused on building flows in what we would call more profitable businesses, as well as expanding the distribution through the third-party retail and institutional. But we will still experience outflows from the ex-parent. Now having said that, we've got a good base, we continue to reengineer to offset some of those losses. And at the end of the day, I think we can get back into a growing business, but yes, right now it's going to take a little time, particularly if you look at the overall flow picture.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question, with the improvement in advisor productivity. Can you discuss whether that -- whether you expect that to be sustained or -- with some of the client activity, perhaps a little abnormal, given the fiscal cliff and then the rush to push -- to put cash back to work in the past couple of quarters?
James M. Cracchiolo: What we saw, again, is -- let me start with a little longer-term, and then, what we saw in the quarter. What we saw longer-term is that we've been getting very good strong inflows into the company from a client perspective over the last year. And we've also seen some strong inflows consistently into our wrap business. I think the first quarter this year was exceptionally strong. Now 2 things, a little to even out sort of that trend a little bit. We did see a pickup in cash, holding cash at the end of the year as dividends were more significant, as well as people maintaining some of their cash to see what happens at the end of the year. But if you looked at our balances, our cash balances are very high, still, and they only went down about a $1 billion that rotated back in through the wrap business. So I would say, overall, we still see a good trend of new business coming in, they're going into the wrap fee-based area. And our cash balances are still at an -- abnormally high, even though they've come down a little from the end of the year. So as long as markets don't ratchet tremendously, we don't see a fundamental change in that at this point in time. In regard to some of the current period activity, it's picked up a little on a transaction, but there, it's not at a high level yet. And so again, I think as people feel more confident and start thinking about longer term, we may see a further pickup there. But again, that all depends on environment, as well as market conditions. But I would say, what we're experienced in productivity from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, I don't see a fundamental change. I can't predict. Summer months always slow down a little bit. But that's as we look further out.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Second, just going back to the issue with regards to flows. As you mentioned in your comments, most of the outflows continue to rate to BofA, Balboa, Moscow [ph] and Zurich. So out of your $430 billion-or-so of assets under management, is it possible to get details as to how much of the AUM relates to those buckets? If not in isolation, at least, in aggregate?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. I think we could probably -- we'll actually see if we can -- what we can put together. I think we disclosed now we're separating out and giving you a line item to talk about Zurich. I think we don't like to break out sensitivity on client per se. But I think what we could do is probably give you at least a perspective on some of these affiliated type areas. But let me check with the group and see what we can do to provide some information. What we did try to say to you, clearly in this quarter, is what Zurich will continue to mean to us. So don't get me wrong, there's replenishment in a sense of what that basis of assets and as it appreciate, et cetera. But there will be an ongoing -- it's consistent from the day we bought Zurich -- Threadneedle from Zurich. So I don't see that fundamentally changing as long as we have that mandate, which is a good relationship. In Columbia, I think it's going to be similar. You have some of these low fee type of institutional businesses that were part of bank relationships. And I think that has come down a lot, but there are still billions left there. But they're at very low fee basis points like Balboa. And then, there are the ongoing relationships, including things like the U.S. Trust that will be a good relationship that we want to continue to focus on and invest in. But just based on the starting point of that being a primary asset manager for the business, we will have experienced normal outflows as that business continues to diversify a bit. So we'll see what we can provide you moving forward. But I wanted to be clear upfront here, that on an ongoing basis, for both of those, it will be a few billion each. But we believe that we could manage that, and we believe that as we continue to redeploy our focus and resources for building, that we'll offset that, particularly on a fee basis moving forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jim, thanks for the update on your appetite for deals, I think it's helpful. But I guess, broadly, it may be helpful to kind of revisit how you guys think about excess capital with respect to deals as you kind of continue to look for, maybe, other opportunities. So, I mean, Walter, I think you highlighted $2 billion of excess capital. I think you guys removed the ploy [ph], but I don't know if it's intentionally or not. But can we think about the $2 billion again, if it's available for deals, you guys will look at everything, but over time, if there are no deals, you'll continue to return kind of 100% of earnings, plus over time we'll be dipping into the $2 billion cushion?
James M. Cracchiolo: I think you said that very well. So, yes, that is exactly how we're thinking about it. It doesn't mean that we won't look. But as I said, unless there's something that we feel is really appropriate for us that will further strategically add value and that we can get a good return for shareholders, our primary will be continuing to return to shareholders through buyback and dividend, as we've been doing. So no change in that direction. Walter?
Walter S. Berman: Yes. The only thing I would add, Alex -- excuse me, it's Walter -- is that even as we go to add -- return more to, we have the ability to accumulate a lot. So if something does come up, we have the ability also to engage there.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, helpful. And I just want to go back for a second to AWM, on margins. I remember, a couple of years ago, you guys were hoping to get to 12%. And now, you're clearly at 13% with still a decent amount of headwinds in the business. Can you give us a sense where the employee margins are versus the franchisee margins? And can't we think about the target margin in that whole segment closer to mid-teens versus, I guess, what you guys used to target?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say -- listen, we've been able to overcome significant headwinds. As Walter outlined, just year-over-year, where we're already at low rates, as various Bernanke made the latest adjustment back in August. That's another $10 million in the quarter lower than it was just last year, and we know how low that was. And we've been able to offset that from improvements through productivity and expense management. And then we took the bank out, which also really compressed margins by, well, just add 130 basis points on top of that. So if you put those 2 back in, you're close to 15% today based on what we said to you previously that we wanted to get to 12%. And the 12% included interest rates coming back at the time. So we've more than offset the interest rate headwinds and it's actually gone far beyond that. In regard to your next question regarding the 2 channels, the employee channel is not at the margins we want them to be at, as we continue to build the capacity and get the productivity where we want that to be, as we have invested in that area. So we're probably around the breakeven point right now. And so, as we continue to add productivity there, advisors, et cetera, we can definitely get that into the type of margins that we're talking across the business, which gets you, again, that boost that you've mentioned.
Operator: And our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple questions on the flows. First, Jim, you had mentioned the RIA share class change and that it had an impact on the flows, that you would expect that impact to continue going forward. Can you just give us a sense of order of magnitude, how much of an impact on the flows that had in the quarter?
James M. Cracchiolo: In the first quarter, that was roughly about $600 million. And that was what normally would have been an inflow that we would have experienced to turn that into about a $600 million outflow, so that the change was probably a bit more significant than $600 million. Now again, that was a repricing which closed out an old share class. So there are some effects to that, that people make a decision on. We think we still have a good business there. We think that a good number of people are staying in as the share class shifts. Having said that, it was an effect in the retail flows in the first quarter, probably closer to the 6-plus hundred million that would've been slightly positive, let's say, or a little positive to a negative.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, got it. And about -- is that about the rate that we should expect kind of going forward?
James M. Cracchiolo: I think in the second quarter, it might be a bit higher, only because it was fully enacted by the end of March, February and March. So again, we don't know exactly. But I would just say, second quarter would be a sort of a -- the bigger quarter possibly for it. And again, I think even after that's over, economically, we'll be better off.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right, understood. Turning to Institutional at Columbia. In the past, you guys have talked about a building pipeline. It was probably the biggest pipeline it's been, I think is the way you characterized it at some point in recent quarters. And my understanding is that pipeline, in terms of mandates filling or funding, has been delayed a little bit. So I was wondering if, a, you could talk about that? And then b, can you give us a sense of order of magnitude of what that pipeline is? In other words, if everything just magically funded today, is it $1 billion? Is it $5 billion? I mean, just some sense of what we could expect if those mandates eventually fund?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So if we just look back over the number of periods, remember, we had to rebuild this. We were on hold with consultants, et cetera. We got off hold beginning part of the last year. And so since those points, our pipeline is the highest it's ever been and it continues to grow. We have -- I don't want to give actual numbers here, but it's significantly up from where it was 2 years ago, and even nice strongly up from where it was a year ago. And we're in a lot of pending finals. And we usually have very good win rates, ultimately. So once we can get in the door. Now having said that, it's taken a little time to get a broader, what I would call, a broader set of funds to be considered. And I think we're finally getting there. We -- as an example, I'll give you this out. We have wins to be funded of $1.4 billion. Now again, you can't exactly time that. We thought some of that would come in, in the first quarter, it didn't. But we know, based on a year ago, that a lot of what does win does get funded, but it does sometimes take a bit more than a quarter to do that. So I would just say that the pipeline is building. I'll ask the team what we feel comfortable with as we go forward. But there are billions in the pipeline and billions in the finals. And so, what we already won is another billion-plus. So I think, unfortunately, what we got hit in the first quarter is winnings didn't fund as quickly and people rotated out of some very good mandates because of what they thought were going to happen in the fixed income market. And it was unfortunate that the -- it compounded what that looked like. Having said that, our team feels good about what they got in the pipeline. It doesn't mean we won't lose some low-basis-point stuff from the bank-affiliated type things that are very low margin that goes into those numbers. But we'll try to clearly identify that for you moving forward. Listen, we're not declaring success here. We're declaring that we're hard at work. We've got to build and we've got to keep on getting out to the market and expanding. But we do believe we're gaining traction. It's just for you, and I can fully understand, it's hard to see when you see these substantial outflows from -- of these categories.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's very helpful. Just a final -- my last question is on Columbia. So I think we're about 3 years after the close. And I think pretty much every year, we've been in outflows. And I understand that there's been some cyclical headwinds and the former parent stuff, and I get all that stuff. But I guess my question is, as we think back to over the past couple of years, what, if anything, have you learned from the experience with Columbia that you would take to, say, another acquisition that you might decide to pursue down the road? Were there any lessons learned that you could share with us?
James M. Cracchiolo: There's always a lot of lessons to be learned. So I would say things always take a bit longer than you always think. For instance, you think some of the stuff -- let's say, we're talking about flows. Some of that stuff would either wash out quickly or adjustments would be made or you can be clear on what that is, and it's not always easy to do that. I would say, even when you integrate and merge, you may have a very clear plan and roadmap. Having said that, the execution of it takes a lot of parties, whether they be internal, external, providers, boards, et cetera, that always take a bit longer. You also, even in a deal, you've learned some things as you dig under the covers more and whether you peel the onion in regard to what's really from a parent perspective or an economic or a distribution. Having said all of that, and if I had to retrace steps, I think we did an excellent deal. I think we're providing a tremendous transformation for what we had. I think we bought a good business. I think we worked with a good partner in Bank of America and to orchestrate this and do this. And I think if you go back to where we were and where we are today and you look at our total Asset Management business combined, where we're generating over $0.5 billion of PTI, even with these outflows, could they -- would you have liked that to be done so the optics are different, absolutely. But for just like I did Threadneedle, I've got optics of outflows, but I've created a wonderful business in Threadneedle with a diversified, strong asset management company, #4 in the U.K. market and expanding. So I would just say, the flows are an optic thing right now, but look at the profitability, look at the makeup, look at the positioning we have as one of the larger providers that we can build upon. And we've learned a lot. So if I had to do another deal, I'll know a lot more about what I would do and say and how do I orchestrate it. But I also would say, if you look beyond the quarter or you look at beyond the one indicator and look at the total, and you can go back quarter to quarter and go back to the past, we've created a very large, successful -- we think will be very successful over time but it's going to take more work -- asset manager that's generating very strong profitability, I would compare it against anything in the industry, has a good product lineup, has good investment performance and expanding distribution. So I know it's hard, Suneet, as you look at the period and say, "Well, why aren't the flows turning around?" But even if I suffer continued outflows from ex-parent perspective but I'm building a stronger business with stronger profitability, I think that's fine. If I did another deal, let's say, and you buy it from somebody else, you're going to experience outflows in a consistent, particularly if it was a parent-owned entity. But if you can derive good value from it, then I think we have to explain that a bit better than we've been able to.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have one on Asset Management. Jim or Walter, if I look at the management fees as a percentage of average AUM, in other words, the fee rate, it jumped up this quarter very nicely. And I assume that's reflective of some of the things you've been talking about, a higher proportion of assets coming from retail, some of the lower-fee business outflowing. I guess my question is, can we expect that, that fee rate can continue to move higher from here? And if so, is there any help you can provide us in terms of thinking about at what pace?
Walter S. Berman: I think the observations you have are correct. And I think again, there's a market factor in there and other elements. So I think we can't be that predictive. But it's certainly -- and the 2 fee days left -- less. But [indiscernible] I think we should see that, again, you can't control the market, but certainly the trend line is reasonable.
James M. Cracchiolo: And I'd also say that we have more work to do regarding various pricing and things that we have with fee waivers and caps and various things to get that orchestrated even more appropriately over time. We did a lot of mergers. We did a lot of movement of funds. And I think that, that has caused some issues for us that we're -- we've started to make some changes with a year ago, that's being factored in there, that we need to continue to focus time and attention on.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So even the revenue enhancement side of that is not yet fully baked in yet?
James M. Cracchiolo: No. I think we've got to do more work, including with our fund boards to really go over that, to understand what has changed in the dynamics and why. We do have a good philosophy of giving and having good reasonable fees. Having said that, I think when we did a lot of these merges and caps between 2 fund families, that actually put a bit more of a pressure and burden that I don't think is necessarily appropriate at this point.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: All right, that's helpful. And then Jim, sort of right upfront in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you're not seeing, at least currently, acquisition opportunities that meet your internal criteria. I was just hoping you could put maybe a finer point on that and help us understand, maybe more specifically, what those hurdles are?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think what I would say, and Walter can complement this, we have a few hurdles. So one would be, we start off with the idea that, does this add value overall to our franchise longer term? Because any deal that you do, you have, just like Suneet asked, what are the learnings, you have a lot to do with integration, you have a lot to do with change in flows and people and talent, et cetera. And so, you always have to look at that to say, "Does 2 and 2 equal something more than 4?" Hopefully, it doesn't give you 3. So the first thing is, does it add or complement the product line? Does it give you enough additional capacity? Can you consolidate, in the right way, to free up resources? And so we go through that, that gives us a financial analysis as well. And economically, does it give us as good a return as if we return to shareholders in a different way. And so there are always opportunities. The question is, can you get them to work for you and do they detract you from the things that you think will build even a stronger business and prevent -- present an opportunity cost or not? And so it's not that we don't look at things. We look at things, and each of those properties have some benefits and some of them that could be detractors or have some issues with them. And I think, as you also asked, we have continued to get smarter based on the learnings of doing Threadneedle, Seligman and Columbia now, so I think we're not naive anymore as we go in. But I think we've done a good job in each of these. And I think we factor in those learnings and our experience as we look at any other opportunity that approaches. So is the world continuing to consolidate at one level? The answer is yes. You'll continue to see transactions out in the marketplace. Will we be able to play in them? I think we do based on our experience and our capacity and free cash that we can utilize. But will we just do it because there's a deal out there? The answer is no. And so those are the things we take into account. Beyond that, I mean, we have a very detailed thing that we go through to analyze whether something adds value or not, so I don't want to disclose that strategically here on a phone call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg from RBC Capital.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, my question. I just have one that really bridges the Asset Management and the Wealth Management area, the Advice & Wealth management area, and it is this. It's striking to me that you've achieved continuing significant success with your RAP program, and yet the success, I think this would be probably to put it -- would be to put it generously, has been on-again, off-again in retail mutual funds. Contrast the 2 businesses. Why do you think you have been able to be as successful, continuously bringing in net flows in the RAP area, but not in retail funds?
James M. Cracchiolo: So I think, Eric, I think we are successful because in our RAP area are the funds underneath it that I think, as an example, we continue to do well as Columbia, including in our channel. Having said that, we have an open architecture channel and therefore, we're never going to win the -- all the old business. Now if you think about what we're experiencing for Bank of America and Zurich, again, these were proprietary businesses at one point that they captured a substantial amount of sales within each of those channels, just like we did at Ameriprise many years ago. And it took us years to sort of go through that leveling out as an impact. So part of that is what you may see in the overall fund types. The second part is, to be very clear, now we are going to grow, how, through third-party. And so even though we are maintaining good sale share, let's say, at Ameriprise, and even, let's say, at some of the Bank of America activities as they further diversify, we now have to gain further traction. And when we were RiverSource, remember, we started a third-party business. We were just starting to develop it. At Columbia, they developed the third-party business, and part of what they did at Columbia in establishing that is some of their hotter products that they sold were, unfortunately, in just a few areas. And so as those areas have changed now, some subadvisor and some types of funds where people have moved on and retired, they've been impacted a bit more by outflows. But if we look at our gross sales, our gross sales are still good and strong, and we do a significant amount of tonnage. However, we've been even having a part of a redemption, and what we have to do is grow beyond those proprietary channels even more strongly now into third-party. And so that's really the changeover. And so I would say that we need to work at this a bit longer. We need to -- we took a major organization and merged it together over the last 3 years. And it's only at the end of, let you think, mid-year 212 (sic) that we're over the merger activities. And unfortunately, I think we would've all liked to come out of this a bit stronger, it's requiring a bit more time and effort. But I think we got a lot of the good pieces in place to do that. And we do see signs of success. But having said that, we got a very big fund family today and a very big asset base. We have $450 billion of assets under management. So we've got to get more cylinders firing to offset some of the ex-parents stuff to get into a growth mode when we look at overall flows. I think we may find it a bit easier to do that on a fee basis, rather than in an absolute flow basis. And that's exactly what we experienced when we did Threadneedle with Zurich. Our flows weren't oversized in a positive, but our fees were, over time.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I could ask just one more question. And you've touched on this, but I'm hoping you can build on your answer. It's clear that you think, at least to me it seems apparent that you believe this acquisition has been a success despite the negative optics of negative flows, which I think have been almost every quarter. If we can get a sharper point on what measures, not the measures that you see, but the measures that we in the public can see, what are the measures that we in the public can see that you would point to, that you would think best speak to the success of this acquisition?
James M. Cracchiolo: I'll talk a few, and I'll let Walter talk to the economics. First of all, I would say, we have a fund family that we're #8 in the U.S. We, today, have 50-plus 4- and 5-star funds in most categories. We have a more diversified and larger distribution platform than we've ever had before. We have good, talented people that have good performance in a larger areas than we ever had in capability. We are a fund complex to be reckoned with out there. I think you can compare the economics over and the size of scope and the performance and the number of funds against any other fund family out there. And you can see that we are one of the larger, more significant players. That's a few. Walter, why don't you give them the law [ph] on the economics?
Walter S. Berman: Sure. Eric, clearly, it's been transformational from our PE, from our IRR objectives, as we talked about it, it was 30%. It's been north of that. And currently, from every aspect financially, the program of both the capabilities that we now have and really, the potential has really been a major, major shareholder value to the firm. So -- on any measure we have looked at, this has been excellent.
James M. Cracchiolo: So I think you're asking on excellent question, Eric. I think, as I said, I think I would look at the more absolute dimensions and where we're situated. I mean, the other thing I would just say is this. We're only at the first or second inning of now taking Columbia because we had to focus on integrating Columbia, and putting Threadneedle with Columbia. And now we're really working on some global product, emerging markets, asset allocation. We've just brought in some senior talent there. And we see some good opportunity. We're expanding in Asia. We set up offices out there, and we're winning mandates already. So listen, I think we got more work to do. It's a competitive world. There's a lot of good players in the industry. But we are a player today. Where in the past, we weren't able to compete on a full-scale basis. Now it doesn't mean it's going to be easy, particularly to establish ourselves even more globally, but I think we have a lot of the capabilities and foundation to do so. But we're going to work hard. We've got to get those flows turned. We've got to win more business. We've got to develop some of the more global capabilities that I think we already got some good things that are coming to -- will come to fruition towards the latter part of this year. So listen, we are not satisfied. This is an area that we got to get a bit stronger in and better. But on the other side, we're generating good strong profitability. I think if you put us against a lot of -- outside of the very largest players out there, I think you'll find that we're right in the mix there. And you can look at all the dimensions I've mentioned to you. And I think we compare quite favorably. More to do. There are some areas we can get better. But I think we're in good shape.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Schuman from KBW.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping we could talk a little bit about the fixed annuity block. Can you give us some sense of what the crediting rate or spread opportunity is when that book matures?
Walter S. Berman: You're talking about -- it's Walter. You're talking about the 5-year book?
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Walter S. Berman: Yes. What is going to happen here, if you take a look at this, it has 2 major components. Primarily, there's an outside distribution channel, which has a guaranteed minimum interest rate that's going to be in the 3.5% range, which obviously on that basis, we will on then adjust to it, but that will give you a compression. The balance of it, however, both on the ID channel and some of the OD channel, is in the 1.5% range. And obviously, that would then bring down and prove, as we go into 2014 and start repricing this spread compression that we've had as we rebalance that. Obviously, we have to look at being -- certainly what's available out there from that standpoint and our alternatives to our clients. And -- but it clearly will be -- as we indicated this year, we are -- the bulk of the $115 billion -- $115 million that we're taking an interest rate, that would start in -- basically be mitigated in the area of the annuity as we go into '14 and certainly, in '15. Again, it depends on the environment because I can't say what we're going to price that yet, depends on what the rate is going to be out there. But that -- it certainly gives us that leg in to really readjust that and then be balanced with our shareholders and clients. Okay? Is that okay?
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: [indiscernible] So the outside distributed stuff, the 3.5%, that is still some kind of a floor that would remain in effect. Is that what you're saying?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, absolutely.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So not so much opportunity there...
Walter S. Berman: For that one. And that's about -- if you talk about the $4 billion, that's about 30% of it there. $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion of it.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And are there other similar blocks of this type of annuity that will come out of the guarantee period in subsequent years? Or is this pretty much the one kind of big block of this nature?
Walter S. Berman: Yes, this is a big block. The other is the 1 year that's been -- a lot of it's been out of surrender. And obviously, they have high guaranteed minimum interest rates.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then one other thing, we talked a lot about the share class and the flows on the RIA business, but what is kind of the base of AUM for RIA business?
Walter S. Berman: Right now, I don't have that. For RIA business base it's -- I don't want to guess. So why don't we get back to you on the RIA base because I don't want to give something that's -- it's not at the tip of my hands right now.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question. Just -- we've talked in great detail about the different flow dynamics, but I want to make sure I understood what I thought I heard Jim say in his opening comments. I thought I heard Jim say that, all in, the expectation was that flows might improve over the course of the year. Is that -- did I understand sort of the bottom line correctly that when we factor in all these kind of bottom-up inputs that you still would hope to improve from this level?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think again, we can't dictate when some of the lumpiness, some of the mandates change. But what I am saying to you, and again, let me try to be clear, as clear as I can be right now. We will, even after this year, okay? So let's say, we will experience Balboa and some other things happening this year. Even after this year, for some of these lumpy institutional, low-fee type of things, we will still, always -- and so in Threadneedle, the way I would look at it if I was you is this, are we gaining good flows in Threadneedle from retail and institutional through third-party x Zurich? Because Zurich will be in an outflow on an ongoing basis from $3 billion to $4 billion a year. And if the answer is yes, even if flows are at breakeven or negative, but they will offset the negative in flows because of higher-fee business, that's going to be a positive. And so I'm not saying we won't be in inflows in Thread. You can see in periods like including last year, we were in strong inflows in certain periods, but it's always every quarter, there's a $1 billion, $1.5 billion of outflows from Zurich. And you say, "Well, it's not that strong." It's at -- that's a very strong good business of the net of those 2, even if they come to breakeven or positive after offsetting those outflows, or even negative to some extent. We're going to still have some of that for Columbia as well. We believe we can get into positive net inflows in Columbia. Again, similar to what we're doing with Threadneedle. But we're always going to experience some level of outflow from the bank, bank-affiliated distribution, that are good agreements, good relationships, good base of assets. But I will tell you that when you look at the gross gross, you're going to say, "Well, why isn't it possibly stronger?" I would say on the gross side, it will be strong and growing. On the net side, we will have some of those consistent outflows. But that doesn't mean it's a bad thing for us. It means that it was part of the arrangement we made when we purchased this, moving from a proprietary type of relationship to a third-party relationship. But our flows this year, we are targeting them to improve from what we've seen in the first quarter. And we're targeting that we will gain more third-party activities, both in the Institutional and improving in the retail. And so that's what we would say. But we don't have a perfect crystal ball. That's what we and the team are working on.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And I think we all do understand some of these basic dynamics you're talking about. But I would just simply echo Nigel's point, which is, to the extent that you'd give us better transparency, as you did a little bit this quarter with the Zurich outflows -- I mean, if you give us more transparency, it's much easier for us to wrap our hands around it and understand it.
James M. Cracchiolo: I agree with you. I actually agree full. So we'll see what we can do appropriate, and that's why we tried to have this conversation. Your questions are right on target. And I can understand, sitting where you are, and sometimes even sitting where I am. It's always easier as you break them down into different buckets. We'll see if we can even get better as we go forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher from Crédit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just to completely beat a dead horse here, just one other question on the flows. The news or the guidance you're giving us on Threadneedle and Zurich assets, pretty consistent with what you've said in the past, so that doesn't sound new. The guidance on Columbia is new though, just in terms of the expectation that you're going to continue to see outflows. And I heard everything you've gone through, but I just want to know from your standpoint because I think, leading up to this quarter, the expectation that you had had was that, we would have more of a near-term end to the legacy flows. So I just want to get a sense for what is it that you've seen behind the scenes? Is it simply just the continued leakage? Is it some new development on the U.S. trust side? I just want to get a little more color for what the change in tone from you is, your management team? Just in terms of what you are seeing now, is there -- has there been a change? Or is it just more -- you've just gotten to the point where you're not willing to draw the line in the sand that this is going to abate? So anyway, that's my one question on the flows.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think -- again, a good question, Nigel. I think what it is, is I think what we concentrated initially on was some of the larger buckets that we knew would adjust in the periods right after the acquisition. We knew things like Balboa. We knew that there were low fees, prepaid type accounts and institutional accounts. And a lot of that has occurred as we thought, maybe a little longer it took than we thought. When someone says we sold the insurance block, we figured that would go sooner than later, and it's been a drip, drip, drip. There are some of those institutional relationships that are still there. Again, we're not going to try to move on them. I mean, they're there and they're good to the extent that they're there. But we know, at one point, they will move out. We probably just assumed that some of that would move quicker than it had. A thing that I think is different is, as we sort through all the lumpiness of it, what we also recognize now is there is a -- also a continued large installed base of assets that we have a good relationship with Bank of America or their affiliates. We want to maintain that relationship even beyond whatever the initial contractual period on an ongoing. We think it's good for them. They think it's good for them. We think it's good for us. And so we're working hard to keep that relationship. Having said that, there was a level of concentration in there. There was a level of asset base as they looked to make some changes or they're dealing with how they want to look at their business that we know that we will be affected. Similar to, in a certain sense, not that these are closed-book assets or anything, but similar to the sense of what we dealt with Zurich or even in Ameriprise's proprietary system at one point. And so, now that we have greater optics to that, we understand a little more of what are the dynamics there, we're probably saying, this is what we're beginning to see more as we go further after the first level of the consolidation is over and the lumpiness is out. And so I don't know if we would have known all this initially. We didn't. Having said that, we don't think that it will, in some way, cause us not to be in a good, strong business that we can grow, but it will be an ongoing effect. And we're trying to make it clear to you, so that we -- as your colleagues -- as your peers just asked, we're trying to give you some color for what we're trying to do. And in that regard, we believe that we can do that well. Having said that, we do know the optics of flows is where everyone concentrates on. We're probably saying, you've got to look beyond what the -- just the one flow number is to look at the dynamics of the flow number. And then, what are we doing, as a total picture, to make the changes necessary so that we can be a good competitor. And that's probably what we're trying to bring to light. I don't think we knew all of this previously. So as we knew it and understand it and we continue to lay out our strategy moving forward, I am trying to be clearer to you. When we first did Zurich, we never came out initially, again, not knowing, to say Zurich will be an outflow of $3 billion to $4 billion. It was more of can you maintain that relationship and that agreement and all that stuff. And over time, we learned a bit more as we peeled the onion and we reestablished that relationship in appropriate way. And so, we want that relationship. It's a good relationship. But what we learned and what we continue to tell you every -- now, more formally, every year, is what that will look like so that you can do your math and you can understand the dynamics. And that's all we're trying to do here. I don't think we know everything going into any arrangement, particularly of the size and scope that we were talking about here.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: No. That's helpful, Jim. So if I can paraphrase at least the way I'm understanding this is, there's a larger pool of assets now, under which you thought when you initially did the deal, there was a distribution opportunity. Now, as you assess those pool of assets and the distribution opportunity, the distribution opportunity probably isn't there for a larger pool of assets, which means it's more -- there's a larger amount of assets in a closed block that we should be thinking about in more of a closed-block context.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I wouldn't call it a closed. But what I would say is, it would get into a more normalized overall rate from a sale and a redemption perspective. So over time, I think that will start to mediate, et cetera. But what we're saying to you is, good, strong relationship in a certain area that we're going to maintain and do our best to continue to replenish and build. But just based upon the level that was there already, there's a natural outflow from that because we were pretty significant and, let's say, fixed in municipals. So as there's a diversification, including with more diversified equity and passives and stuff going on to various platforms, we're not going to always garner what that total flow was when it was part of Bank of America entity, or even if it was, let's say, Bank of America would be making changes today, even if that was -- Columbia was still a part of them. So that's all I'm saying is, there's that natural evolution that's occurring there that we're going to be affected by because we were a very large provider in that channel. And that's what we're saying. Now having said that, the world changes. Just like with Ameriprise, we changed and we had to grow other areas of distribution to offset that. That's exactly what's occurring here for Columbia. Is that helpful?
Operator: And our last question comes from John Hall from Wells Fargo Securities.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. I'll try to be real tight here. Jim, on the global initiatives, I was just wondering if you could give us a quick progress report and maybe a time frame as to when we might see those take hold?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So what we're actually seeing right now and doing is, we've actually had some pretty good product in emerging market equity and debt, et cetera. And what we are doing is, we had some good people in Threadneedle, as well as Columbia. We're putting those resources together even more formally. We've already established some reasonably good track records in these areas, and we're going to be able to go to market even more substantially by having a stronger, larger depth of team resources and more track records. And I think we're going to be in market for our first few activities in the second half of this year that we're going to try to actually put in our toolbox to even be more focused on in selling in the institutional channels. We also have made some good headway in sharing things and building the depth of our research for global fixed income, as well as global equities, putting together some of the sub-portfolios that Threadneedle has some excellent results in, in let's say European, and we have here in the U.S. that we manage in certain areas. And so those things are coming together. We also now have put together a more formalized global team in asset allocation. We brought in Jeff Knight, and Jeff is leading our efforts there. We have some good portfolios today in asset allocation. He's building that into a more comprehensive global platform and taking resources that we have that are managing those type of things, both in the U.S. as well as at Threadneedle. So again, we're not standing still there, but these things take a little time. But we will start to put some of those things in the market more formally in the second half and build upon that over the next 18 to 24 months.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Walter S. Berman - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 Year-End Earnings Call. My name is Vanessa and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. You may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s Fourth Quarter Earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the company’s operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks factors and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2012 annual report to shareholders, and our 2012 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or to revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings discussion. I'll begin by giving you my perspective on the quarter and Walter will cover more of the numbers, then we'd take your questions. Let's get started. For the quarter on an operating basis, net revenues were up 6% to $2.6 billion. Earnings were $367 million, up 19%, with earnings per share of $1.71, up 31%. And return on equity increased to 16.2%. Equity market appreciation and increased client activity drove top line growth in the quarter, and we're managing interest-rate headwinds through reengineering initiatives and keeping expenses tight. I feel good about the underlying business fundamentals and our results overall. There are a few moving pieces impacting earnings that we highlighted and Walter will cover it in more detail. Results in our Advice & Wealth Management business led the way, it was a very good quarter for the business. In Asset Management, we continue to make progress growing our earnings, while in annuities and protection, the businesses are performing in line with our expectations when you adjust for the items noted. We also continue to benefit from our balance sheet strength and capital management, key points of differentiation for Ameriprise. We devoted $446 million in the quarter to share repurchases and dividends. Now, let's review our segment performance starting with Advice & Wealth Management where we're generating strong earnings growth and good profitability. For the quarter, revenues were up 11%, reflecting both higher asset levels and a pickup in client activity. Total retail client assets of $353 billion were a new high, aided by market appreciation and very strong client net inflows. Wrap net inflows of $2.1 billion were up more than 50% from a year ago. In each of the past 4 quarters, we generated strong wrap net inflows with $9.6 billion of total inflows for the year, which helped raise our wrap assets under management to $125 billion. Clients also added to their cash positions, which may have reflected the uncertainty in the marketplace with the election and potential tax changes. At year end, brokerage cash balances reached $19 billion, up 20% from the third quarter. As clients gain confidence, I would expect they will reallocate a portion of these assets to other products in 2013. In addition to strong client flows, we continue to track experienced and productive advisors to Ameriprise. In the quarter, 68 productive advisors joined the firm. In fact, the average productivity of the advisors who joined us in the quarter was about 40% higher than those who joined us in the first quarter of 2011. In terms of total advisor productivity, operating net revenue per advisor increased by double digits from a year ago. We continue to invest in our brand in the fourth quarter. As we enter 2013, we just launched a new series of advertisements with Tommy Lee Jones that speak about Ameriprise and what consumers need to do to create a confident retirement. The expenses of our ad campaign are consistent with last year and are up a bit sequentially from the third quarter, as we told you. We offset the fourth quarter advertising expenses by reducing expenses as part of our conversion to our new brokerage platform, and that expense improvement will continue through the first part of the year. Overall, we're managing expenses tightly and we'll continue to do so. In fact, I should note that the results we delivered in the quarter reflected lower revenue in earnings because of our decision to discontinue our banking operations. That work is now complete. In fact, I want to inform you that we learned yesterday afternoon that we have been granted regulatory approval to transition the bank to a national trust institution. In terms of segment profitability, pretax operating margin was strong at 11.8% compared to 9.2% a year ago. If you exclude the impact of the bank transition and the 2 months of lost earnings, segment operating margin would have been above 13% for the quarter, and that's including managing headwinds from low interest rates. All in all, it was a very good quarter for our advisory business. We have the right strategies in place and we continue to make good progress. Now, let's move to asset management. Total assets under management for the segment were $455 billion, up 5% with Threadneedle and market appreciation driving asset growth. Revenues were up both from a year ago and sequentially, even when excluding performance fees from all periods. We're benefiting from revenue reengineering initiatives we have put in place. We're also generating solid profitability improvement. In terms of margin, adjusted net pretax operating margin was 33.6% for the quarter compared to 31.4% a year ago. We continue to deliver strong investment performance across 1-, 3- and 5-year time frames in asset-weighted and equal-weighted categories in both equities and fixed income. At quarter end, 51 Columbia funds were rated 4 or 5 stars by Morningstar and 60 funds at Threadneedle. Overall, we experienced $3.9 billion of net outflows in the quarter driven by outflows in institutional portfolios. Retail flows were essentially flat with strong flows at Threadneedle offset by outflows at Columbia. As we start the year, we're starting to see improved flows as consumers have started to come back into the market. While it's too early to characterize the quarter, we're seeing positive initial signs. We will remain focused on continuing to generate consistent competitive investment performance. In addition, we are bringing a very strong focus to execute against our plans to capture distribution opportunities for both retail and institutional. We're also continuing to develop new and enhanced products. Columbia and Threadneedle are collaborating to take advantage of some of the larger global opportunities we see in the marketplace. Now, I'll move on to annuities and protection. Let's start with annuities. We had a good book of business and we continue to manage risk effectively. As you know, we introduced a new variable annuity product in the second quarter of last year and has taken a number of months for our advisors to acclimate to the new product. In the quarter, variable annuity sales started to pick up to more normal levels. Overall, variable annuities were in net outflows due to our decision to close outside distribution. On the fixed side, we have a good block of business. That said, we're not adding to it given the current rate environment. Overall, the business is performing in line with our expectations and we continue to focus on continuing to balance client benefits with attractive risk-adjusted returns consistent with our strategy. Now let’s turn to protection, which you saw was impacted by weather-related losses. Life and health insurance earnings reflected good claims experience and lower expenses. In terms of metrics, we're seeing good pickup in cash sales with our index Universal Life product as the main driver of the growth. We also enhanced our variable Universal Life product and we're starting to see increased sales as people are becoming more confident in the equity markets. In Auto and Home, we continue to see good growth in policies and premiums. As I mentioned, we absorbed the loss related to Superstorm Sandy and we also increased reserves related to higher auto claims severity, which is consistent with what others in the industry are experiencing. I feel good about the outlook for the business. I'd like to close by reinforcing the benefits or our ability to generate strong free cash flow, which gives us flexibility to return capital to shareholders and to drive ROE and EPS growth. For example, for the year, we dedicated more than $1.3 billion to share repurchases and increased our dividends paid per common share by 64%, all while maintaining our excess capital position. In total, we returned more than 130% of our operating earnings to shareholders. And we're targeting to return the majority of annual earnings and the capital we freed up from the bank to shareholders going forward. With that, I'll now turn it over to Walter to go through the quarter in more detail. Walter?
Walter S. Berman: Thank you, Jim. Ameriprise had a solid fourth quarter with operating EPS of $1.71, up 31% versus last year. This was driven by growth in our core business and continued expense discipline. We also returned almost $450 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter, bringing our total return during the year to $1.7 billion. I would like to provide additional context relating to some unusual items we had in the quarter which we detailed in our earnings release. Within $1.71 of operating EPS, we had several favorable items totaling $0.25, including a variable annuity living benefit liability model revision that resulted in reserve release, a settlement with a third-party service provider and a review of our deferred tax balance that reduced our tax expense relating to prior periods. In addition to these disclosed items, we had other non-repeating items which had a net negative impact of about $0.05 at the Ameriprise level. These included higher expenses related to: an incremental year-end compensation true up; an elevated severance expenses, partially offset by lower taxes. Adjusting for those items, our normalized performance was $1.51 per share. Turning to Slide 5. Operating net revenues were $2.6 billion, up 6% from a year ago. Led by 11% growth in Advice & Wealth Management with only 1 month of bank revenues and 5% growth in asset management. Revenue growth from protection and annuities was in line with our expectations, as we continue to shift our earnings mix to lower capital-intense businesses. Turning to pretax operating earnings. We also had good growth of 8% over last year in the face of the low-rate environment. As was revenues, we had excellent 43% growth in Advice & Wealth Management even with lower bank earnings, as well as good Asset Management profitability. This has driven a shift in our business mix to 50% of earnings coming from our less capital-intense businesses versus 43% from those businesses in the fourth quarter last year. You saw elevated Auto and Home cat losses in the quarter from Sandy, which dampened otherwise good results in the protection segment. Let's move on to the segment discussions. Advice & Wealth Management business performed well in the period and throughout 2012 as we executed on our strategy to improve productivity, add experienced advisors and invest in technology and our brand. Advisor productivity increased 11% to $103,000 from high client transaction levels, which included increased sales of direct alternative investments and client net inflows. Cash balance increased in the quarter was nearly $19 billion in brokerage cash and we are effectively positioned for rates eventually rising. We remained focused on managing expenses. The brokerage platform conversion is winding down and we will determine how much of that will be reinvested in growth initiatives or fall to the bottom line. Pre-tax op earnings [ph] were up 43% to $119 million, as we had a very strong quarter compared to last year. We also completed our bank transition in the quarter. Ceased bank operations and received D registration approval. We delivered a good 11.8% margin in the quarter and we estimate the margin would've been over 13% if we had not exited the bank. Turning to asset management on the next slide. We had good earnings of $141 million, up 11% over last year. Last year's results included the favorable impact from a CDO liquidation. Revenues were up 5% from market appreciation, revenue reengineering and performance fees, which was similar to third quarter levels. Also in this, was pressure from prior-period outflows. Expenses were up 4% from the impact of market appreciation on distribution and sub advice fees, as well as performance fee-related compensation. In 2013, we will continue to focus on both revenue and expense reengineering opportunities as well as profitable net flow growth. Importantly, investment performance of both Columbia and Threadneedle continue to be strong. Looking more closely at flows on an aggregate basis, we had $3.9 billion of outflows this quarter. Overall, we had higher institutional outflows in the quarter and retail was essentially flat on a global basis. Strong retail inflows of over $1 billion at Threadneedle were offset by outflows at Columbia. In retail and mutual funds, we saw similar trends to others in the industry, including activity in the last part of the quarter influenced by investors' desire to lock in capital gains in advance of anticipated tax changes. We will also continue to see outflows in the third party sub advice assets and in devaluing restructuring fund. Lastly, we were impacted by portfolio rebalancing, which contributed to both retail and institutional outflows in the quarter. Institutional outflows of $3.3 billion were largely driven by low-margin legacy insurance assets of $1.2 billion at Threadneedle and $400 million at Columbia, as well as the portfolio rebalancing and model changes I just mentioned. We are taking steps to add new products to these platforms to help us retain these assets as these trends continue. Looking into 2013, we have a good institutional pipeline and continue to win mandates. However, I would like to mention that we expect to see about $900 million of additional outflows from Zurich in the first quarter associated with a mandate in Japan. Turning to annuities. Pretax operating earnings were $171 million, up 4%, which was in line with our expectations. Variable annuity operating earnings were $129 million, including the $43 million favorable model adjustment I described earlier and a $14 million lower impact from mean [ph] reversion compared to a year ago. Earnings in the quarter were also impacted by higher DAC amortization and increased SOP reserve funding related to our third quarter unlocking, which was driven by the low interest rate environment. We expect these items will continue to impact variable annuity results in 2013 until we complete our annual unlocking process in the third quarter of 2013. In the fourth quarter of 2011, results include the favorable impact of markets' unreserved funding and model changes. As a reminder, we have taken multiple steps to derisk the variable annuity book, including exiting third-party distribution several years ago and more recently, introducing a managed volatility product. In the quarter, we saw improving trends from our managed volatility product and we are on schedule to launch additional investment options for it in the first half of this year. In fixed annuities, operating earnings declined $4 million, which includes a $17 million impact from low interest rates and an $8 million unfavorable reserve adjustment last year. The pressure from low interest rates will continue to impact the fixed annuity block into 2013. However, we have flexibility to reset rates on a large 5-year guarantee block, beginning at the end of 2013 and continuing to early 2014. Operating pretax earnings in the protection segment was $93 million, down $20 million from a year ago. The strong results in our life and health business were offset by the disclosed cat losses and reserved strengthening in Auto and Home. Life and health earnings increased 8%, driven by favorable claim experience, as well as a return to a more normalized loss ratio and long-term care. In recent years, we, like the industry, experienced slower variable Universal Life sales. However, we are now gaining good traction in sales of index Universal Life and now refresh a variable Universal Life product. Auto and Home continue to have strong policy growth, but earnings were impacted by $20 million from Sandy as well as higher reserves from our order book due to increased severity trends in the industry. Given all the moving pieces in the corporate segment, I think it will be helpful to walk through results. As you can see on Slide 11, we had an $81 million net expense driven by year-end compensation related true ups and higher severance expenses, as well as lower investment income related to the bank transaction in the period. Partially offsetting this was the favorable impact from the $15 million settlement with a third-party service provider. Capital return has been a strong point of differentiation for Ameriprise. Our business's mix shift to less capital-intense businesses, prudent risk management and capital flexibility enabled Ameriprise to consistently return capital to shareholders in a variety of interest rate and equity market environment. This lets us consistently grow EPS and return on equity in a variety of macro environments that could potentially pressure revenue growth, like sustained lower interest rates. Looking ahead, we will continue to execute this strategy. In 2013, we expect to return approximately 100% of the earnings to shareholders. In addition to that, we will return approximately $375 million of capital that was freed up from exiting the bank. During the fourth quarter, the holding company received $215 million from the bank transition and we expect to receive the remaining $125 million of capital that is still at the bank this quarter. In closing, this quarter, our return on equity reached 16.2%, well within our targeted range, and we anticipate additional growth in ROE in 2013. With that, I will open up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have our first question from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have a question about the outlook for flows. In the first few weeks of these year, despite a big increase in retail equity fund flows for the industry, your flows, according to the industry data we track, remain negative. Yet, when I look at performance metrics, there's definitely continued improvement in there, and I know Ted spent a fair amount of time at the last Investor Day talking about some of the marketing initiatives. I was wondering if you could update us on the progress there? Because it seems like you're continuing to lose share. But I'm not sure why if your fund performance continues to improve the way it has?
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay, John, we have seen a bit of improvement in the first few weeks in sort of the net flows on some of the funds. We did experience an allocation change in one of our portfolios based on changing some various pricing that we have on one of the -- on the platforms, particularly, and we knew that would occur. Having said that, we haven't seen as strong a pickup yet in the equity flows as I think you're alluding to in the industry. Our fixed income comps has come back a bit from the fourth quarter, so we're hoping that there are some signs that this should start to pick up as our wholesalers and our institutional people have that focus. But I would say we're still a little short of what we saw as an initial pick up in the industry.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then I guess I have a more specific numbers question. And that's just whether -- I was just wondering whether you'd be willing to quantify for us what the total amount of higher compensation and severance and other sort of catch-up accruals were in the quarter? And how much of that you think we should expect to see on a go-forward basis? Because it does seem like some of that is permanent. And then also, and related to that, just what effective tax rate you're using to normalize to $1.51?
Walter S. Berman: Okay, so let me take the first part of that. Clearly, what happened and as we saw the improvement that took place in the fourth quarter, both in our performance and some of that driven by the market, we trued up. So that is really more of a concentration in the quarter as it relates to both the compensation at Columbia and compensation for the company. So on that amount, as we talked about it in my slides, you had the 2 elements which are netted down to about the $0.05, and that included the tax benefit offset by around $0.11. And the appreciable portion of that is really related to the compensation. Again, last year, or in the year prior to that, we didn't see that effect because obviously the markets were not improving in and we are pretty much spot on, on our normal accrual. But this one, we had to accrue up in the quarter.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So Walter, is it fair to assume that maybe a couple of pennies of that $0.11 is something we ought to think about as an ongoing?
Walter S. Berman: It's spreading there. Because we know it because actually it's only [ph] above the normal that we would have, but there'll be some continuation of its spread throughout the next -- in 2013. Remember, there was certainly an appreciable amount of severances related to the actions that we took in the fourth quarter. It was above our normal.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the tax rate on the $1.51, is that in that 26% to 28% range?
Walter S. Berman: That tax rate in the $1.51 is a normalized tax rate for us. When you look at it, that was the adjustments we were trying to give you as you looked at the tax rate we had, which we reported in the 17% range and then as we normalize for the DRD and for the DTA discussion. So the tax rate you should be getting into is on a normalized basis, is in the range of around 25%, 26%.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to focus in on Jim's expense savings opportunity comments. How much of that should we be building in for 2013 on a gross basis? And then how much do you feel could fall to the bottom line? And I have a separate follow-up.
Walter S. Berman: On the expense saving, as we indicated, we have the expense saving, we have certainly evaluate opportunities with that. Right at this stage, we're assuming that some of that will fall in the bottom line. But the reality is it's there and we are planning on certainly investing for growth. But, so I can't give you the exact amounts because it really depends on the environment and how we see it.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If we were to isolate that into individual segments, where would we see most of it, potentially?
Walter S. Berman: Actually, it's concentrated -- it's throughout the company. But certainly, as we indicated, Advice and Wealth Management has a reasonable portion of that, and so does the Asset Management activity, both on the revenue range area and on their expense range area [ph], but there are other parts as it relates to the centralized services that spread throughout all of the segments.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I see, okay. And then separately on the personal lines, property cash, policy enforced growth of 9%, that's probably the highest of any of the personal lines companies we're aware of. Can you talk about what is leading you to gain that share?
Walter S. Berman: Well, I think as we have seen strong results. But certainly, in the base activity and as they certainly -- the progressive activity has been gaining. But there's been nothing unusual. It's certainly -- we've have not -- we've raised our prices. We've adjusted, as we told you so. So it's a strong performance on the part of the affinity groups and their penetration of it.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you talk about any of the particular successes you're having in affinity at this point?
Walter S. Berman: I think it's actually spreads out. I would say, certainly, as we are gaining more and more share within Progressive, that is certainly one of the elements.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm sorry, can you talk about that Progressive relationship then?
Walter S. Berman: Oh sure. That's a relationship that we entered with them to do the property side of it. It's certainly the home and rental. And that is something that is continuing to be built with them and that is achieving a good growth and profitability elements within the Auto and Home. And that was just something started last year, in homeowners and rental into 2011. Not homeowners -- it's homeowners, it's not auto, that's right. It's homeowners and rental.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: For Progressive customers?
Walter S. Berman: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just to tackle the expense issue, I guess, one more time. Walter, would it be helpful, maybe, if to think about it on a consolidated basis. And let's just focus I guess on the G&A line. It feels like there are a bunch of things kind of sprinkled across different segments. But if you look at the, call it, like the 7 45 reported operating number for this quarter in G&A, if you were to isolate these one-time items, what do you think, I guess is the run rate G&A number for you guys? Assuming market's flat, activity's flat without making any other assumptions from a revenue perspective, how should we think about G&A for 2013?
Walter S. Berman: First, let me say, when you isolate out on the G&A line, we are actually -- versus last year, actually, a tad under. So we have certainly managed the expenses quite well. As we indicated, we certainly have, with the brokerage. And we have certainly, momentum coming into 2000 to -- as we reduced that expense line, and then we have to make the judgment. So you can look at that as a pretty good run rate. We'll have the normal inflationary elements that come in and certainly the investment opportunities and we see the growth. But if that's the base that you should really be coming off. And with certainly, the opportunity to reduce that a little as it relates to the brokerage. But again, we haven't made decisions where we're going to deploy.
Christopher J. Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, so sub 7 40 run rate?
Walter S. Berman: So it's 7 40 to begin out. We have inflation of the things coming in. And certainly, in different investment opportunities as it goes there. But that's a reasonable base to start with. But we have a tight focus on our expenses.
James M. Cracchiolo: Alex, what I would say is that we're going to continue to maintain a very tight expense focus. But we're continuing to invest. We will have volume increases as we grow certain businesses, adding advisors and doing such other things. We are continuing to upgrade some of our infrastructure across the company. So what I would say is we're going to maintain a tight expense focus. And depending on what happens in the year, from a revenue perspective, will depend on how we would fluctuate that. But even if things picked up, we still don't want expenses to start to grow again at an any accelerated rate. So I would say our going is to maintain sort of the levels that we have, make investments, use some of the savings like we have from the brokerage platform, et cetera, to continue to invest in certain other things like in AWM, bringing in more advisors on and doing some things like that in some of the advertising work. But I would say it's going to maintain the type of expense focus that we've had.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you, helpful. And then just another point I wanted to clarify, when you guys think about the buyback and well, I appreciating your comments on, I guess, the $375 million being the extra. And that's the capital is being kind of dividend up from bank. So is this fair to think about the quarterly pace being similar to what you've done, so kind of like $350 million-ish [ph] a quarter in buybacks? And in addition to that, we should incorporate the $375 million thinking for the full year?
Walter S. Berman: Okay, let me -- as I said, not to get into exact forecasting, but we said that we are going to target 100% -- approximately 100% of our earnings in 2013 plus the $375 million. So last year, obviously, we were way beyond that. And so I don't want to get into forecast of what our earnings are, but the issue is on that basis. I would think that the level that you saw in the quarter probably would be a reasonably good trend line.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, helpful. And when you guys talk about 100% of earnings, just to clarify, that's the buyback or the total payouts of the dividend and the buyback?
Walter S. Berman: Okay. As we relate to 100%, the 100% is really both the dividend and the buyback, and the $375 million goes on top of that.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Cool. Perfect. And then one business question for you guys. So I know Ted talked in the past about getting more presence on different distribution networks, and it's understandably, it's probably a slower-moving process. But can you give us an update on where you stand with major warehouses and how the product is being placed there? How the conversation is going with some of the gate keepers? And when we could actually see some movement on that front?
James M. Cracchiolo: We're gaining some traction in some of the intermediary platforms. There's 2 or 3 that we just got access to with the certain accounts that we think we'll fund, and there's a number of others in the pipeline. So this will take a bit more time to build, because it's a process to get reviewed and to look at those particular funds and see where they would fit in over time. But I think the team is starting to gain some traction, but this is going to be a build over the course of the year.
Operator: And our next question is from Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I just want to follow-up a bit more on the capital management. At your investor day, there was a fair amount of discussion about basically redeploying free cash flow plus the capital from the bank plus actually beginning to work off some of the $2 billion excess. And so I'm just trying to reconcile about the comments today. I guess, if you do 100% of earnings, that's a bit north of the free cash flow. Because free cash flow, I guess, is 90% of earnings. So is that a difference between 90% of earnings and 100% of earnings represent that sort of use of sort of a down payment of using excess capital? Or how are you thinking about drawing down the excess at this point?
Walter S. Berman: As I recall, we were indicating certainly, as a company, retaining on a permanent basis, the excess was not in our strategy and we would start then as we look at different opportunities, start evaluating returning it. I think we said, for 2013, specifically, we were targeting, at least at this stage, to do the 100%, end year cracked. And 90%, you get that differential on the 90% of base to free cash flow, but -- plus the $375 million, as at least our thinking as of this moment. And then we're evaluating if there's going to be anything else based upon circumstances as we look at different situations. But that, we want to give everybody at least that level that we will be going out with. So it's not really -- this is not like the start of the down payment in my opinion. It was just consistent with what we said at this FCM [ph].
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so you want to retain some flexibility that could be directed in a -- as you place this, as you go forward.
Walter S. Berman: That's correct.
Operator: We have our next question from Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First question on Advice & Wealth, Jim, you had mentioned a 20% cash balance build within the wrap accounts. Just curious how we should be thinking about that. Is that going to -- has that already constrained margins? Is there going to be a lag effect? And will we see some level of additional interest rate headwind from that? Any way you guys can frame how we should be thinking about that heading into '13, that's my first question.
James M. Cracchiolo: The increase we had is in our brokerage cash balances. And we had some very good client inflows over the course of the latter part of last year, overall. And you know, initially, as those inflows come in, they go into brokerage cash and then they get reallocated. We did see a bit of a pickup just from tax selling and other things at the end of the year. So my belief is that as people start to really think about where they are in the new year, that money will start to get reallocated. So a part of it was we got good client inflows, and part of it was from sort of the tax situation and the idea that people didn't know what exactly was going to happen due to the tax situation from the fiscal cliff. So I would say that we're probably thinking that, that will start to get reallocated into various portfolios as well as into certain products as we go into the new year here. So there's nothing on a drag basis. It could probably be positive as those assets are redeployed. Because as you know, the cash spread is lower now. If the cash rates go up over time, meaning on a short-term basis, that would be a big upside for us, particularly with the size of the cash balances we have. And so I think that would be more of a positive, depending on how you look at the interest rate if it stayed there, environment. If it didn't, that will go back to work and that would be positive as well.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's clear. So more of a revenue in margin tailwind when you think about relative to 4Q going forward?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. We think as clients become more confident -- I mean, the confidence, certainly, it didn't come off that way, but I think we start to see and we saw some money going back into the markets in January. So if that continues, yes, we would see this. But we did see a level of activity pick up in the fourth quarter, and I don't think that was all the due to tax selling, et cetera. People started to come back. We saw some of our variable annuities come back on stream as people got more familiar input. And even in our insurance sales and some of the equity product increased. So I think we're probably seeing a tilt towards that, and I think that cash will be utilized.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just a related question. Walter, any, any updated guidance for low interest rate sensitivity? Or is that, I think it was what, $50 million to $55 million? Was the drag expected for '13? Is that still intact or has that changed at all?
Walter S. Berman: It's actually changed a little on that basis. Should figure it's about in a $70 million, using that after tax, around $75 million.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: $75 million, got it. And then Walter, just on the corporate segment, I think looking at this year, we were thinking the normalized loss rate was $60 million to $65 million. Can you just comment how we should be thinking about that into '13?
Walter S. Berman: Okay. If you were looking coming off the fourth quarter, obviously, the fourth quarter had the items reflected as it relates to severance, which is in corporate. And then some of the performance compensation true up is there. So in that range, it's, I would say -- what was the number you used?
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: $60 million to $65 million?
Walter S. Berman: I would say it's a little higher than $60 million, $65 million, but not much. It's in that range, $65 million, $70 million.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And I guess lastly, the comment on the multi-year fixed annuity block that can get repriced in 2014, how big is that? And how much of an earnings pickup can that potentially represent as you look out into '14? And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, could that fully stop the bleeding at an additional low-rate earnings headwind heading into 2014? Or can you give some color on that?
James M. Cracchiolo: Sure. Okay, as you relate to, it's 2013 and '14. It starts in the tail end of '13 and '14. It will have an appreciable impact on it. It will basically, I would say, our impact would be probably cut by 70%, 80%. And that is something that, obviously, the fixed annuity block, I think is about $4 billion additional impact.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. So you're talking about maybe getting an extra $50 million to $60 million of margin back or something along those lines? Is that about right?
Walter S. Berman: If you do the math on that, that's right. Because if you're doing the $75 million I told you and take them out, you'll leave like $15 million. So $60 million will come back, yes. That's probably right, yes. On a rate basis. Strictly on a rate -- right?
Operator: And now we have a question from John Hall with Wells Fargo Securities.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I've got 2 questions. Real quickly on the bank, I was wondering who provided the approval for the deregistration. And just -- what will the timeframe between applying for the deregistration and actually receiving it?
James M. Cracchiolo: Again, I'm not going to -- it's interesting, the OCC and the Fed, I think they work in conjunction. I can't really give you the specifics. I think it's probably -- the final came out of the Fed. But I -- we'll verify that. And the process on this one, we started in about, and I think it was in the second quarter -- second quarter we got into all the filings and everything. So...
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just some questions about capital and the excess capital. Jim, Walter, philosophically, what are your thoughts about using some of that excess capital maybe, to segue your way out of underperforming insurance businesses like long-term care?
Walter S. Berman: Listen, we certainly had, that's an opportunity if we chose to do it. The block, as we said, is not strategically part of our go-forward. We are evaluating, we are certainly increasing. But at this stage, we are constantly evaluating in discussions, but it's nothing there, really has gotten to the point where we feel we get the value for it. And it is something we could use it for, but certainly we feel that we don't have to. But we are continuing to evaluate. And certainly, as the interest rates start improving, that will change the entire situation, which we indicated. But at this stage, I think right now, it's in the best shareholder interest to continue where it is, because we've seen nothing that make sense to us.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right, fair enough. If I look at the allocated capital distribution by business line on, I guess, Page 8 in the supplement, there was some moving parts. You can see that the allocated capital on the Advice & Wealth went down, I assumed that's the bank shutting down. It went up in the corporate line, it also went down in the annuity line. I was wondering if you could just offer a rationale as to why over the course of the year, there's less allocated capital to the annuity business?
Walter S. Berman: Well, the annuity, we are basically shifting or shifted, and basically looking out deferred tax assets. So there's a couple of adjustments. I think there was just about $100 million coming through on that line. We are, and I think as Alicia said, we are evaluating all aspects of that. As Rick [ph] says, there's a lot of moving parts. There's no strategic business change or any, it's really just adjustments coming through. And in the first quarter, we'll come out with a more comprehensive look at it, but it's directionally. There's certainly a valve, but there is nothing of any consequences related to an underlying factor that drove it other than adjustments with DTA and some of the reserves that this came through. And you are correct. In the AWM, it was clearly the bank adjustment there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Bodkins [ph] with Citigroup.
Unknown Analyst: Given your excess capital, where your debt was trading and the availability on the financing markets, have you considered options to lower your interest expense while extending maturities?
Walter S. Berman: By attempting to tender? I'm not sure what your question was.
Unknown Analyst: Just given where some of the coupons are and where the debt is trading, there's a variety of options.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, we looked at that. Okay, I got it. We looked at that. We don't feel really that's an effective use at this stage. Certainly, we have a very large debt maturity coming up in 2015 and we have a small one in 2014. We feel that certainly, the carrying course or appropriate where it is and to attempt to go in and actually go into market, it didn't make sense to us at this stage, and look at the premiums and other things associated with that. So the answer is we will -- we're evaluating capital structure, we're doing interest rate situation, but we feel pretty comfortable where we are right now. And so the short -- I guess, the answer to deploying our access against that was something evaluated and decided it didn't make sense from shareholder standpoint.
Operator: We now have a question from Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My first question is again, on the capital. So if I look at 2012, it looks like you did $1.3 billion of share repurchase. If I look at my 2013 number for earnings and I back out the dividend and then add in the bank capital, my base case would suggest that you're going to do another $1.3 billion in buyback in '13, so basically flat year-on-year. And I just want to reconcile that with what you said in the FCM [ph], which was, given your capital position, you wanted to accelerate the pace of share repurchase in '13 versus '12.
Walter S. Berman: I think, directionally, your numbers are right. It's certainly on that basis as you did the math. I believe that we were saying, for 2013, we were giving that sort of guidance where it would be, and that we would then reserve the right to start accelerating above that. But as we talked about the for the quarter, for the year, that, that would be where you should think would be the amount of purchase going there. Because certainly in 2012, we were way beyond the 100% and we were just saying we would -- you should assume we'll go back to the original guidance we set on time we would do, which is 100%, and then we would add the $375 million on to it and then evaluate the options to really see if we would want to accelerate it. So I think -- I personally think I'm consistent with the FCM [ph], but I will certainly -- that's the way I intend it to come through.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. So we should think about the $1.3 billion, based on my math, as like the minimum that you would do. And then as we move through the year, clearly, there could be some upside to that?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think, Suneet, the way Walter conveyed it, which is consistent with the way we were thinking about it at the FCM [ph] was that, over time, we do not necessarily see a need to maintain the excess position the way we are. And so we would definitely view that some of that excess position would decrease. The reason it hasn't up to this point, is because Walter and my business people have been doing a very good job of what I would call a freeing up capital within the overall structure that we have. So as an example, if we did not de-bank, we would still have the capital of the bank and probably increase capital in the bank. And then we would use the earnings and probably draw down some of the excess. So as we start this year, just like when we started last year and we get out of things like outside annuities, et cetera, we started to free up more capital, and then we returned that as part of an excess over the earnings. So we're just starting this year in a similar vein. We'll see what happens. But I would say, over the next number of years, I would say we would probably draw it down unless we're able to even free up more capital and lower our capital requirements from either mix shift or some other things that we're able to do. So that's the way we think about it and that's why we've been able to return more than our earnings over the last few years. And if we aren't successful in actually derisking our balance sheet, et cetera, you would've probably seen a drawdown of the excess now based on the amount that we did choose to return in discussions that I have with my board.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. My second question is on the Advice & Wealth business. So if I go back to the last quarter's earnings call, Jim, I think you've mentioned that as it relates to the experienced advisor recruits that you'd tracked their progress based on vintages. And I was very interested in that comment, because I've been tracking your experienced advisor recruits over the past couple of years. And I guess what I'm wondering is in terms of the productivity lift that we're seeing, just from this cohort, just -- excuse me, from this experienced advisor recruit component, is it fair to say that we're only really seeing the impacts of like the 2010 class, which I think you -- where I think you added 248 of these advisors, and then the '11 and '12 classes, which were in excess of 300, really haven't quite kicked in yet? And that sort of productivity lift that's on the come, is that the right way to think about it?
James M. Cracchiolo: What you have is, for someone, let's say, added in 2012, you'll start -- they start to transfer their book over. It's not as though they take a little time to transfer the book and then they start to get active again. And so, what you see is a build for each one of those vintages. So if you go back to your point of 2010, in '13 they should be probably fully ramped up. In 2012, they were probably maybe 2/3 ramped up. And so, you'll see that build. The people who came on 2012 would start to get ramped up in '13, but more in '14 and '15. And so that's exactly what you would see as a vintage build. Now it does vary by advisor, it varies by the type of book they have and the type of clientele. And so there's not sort of a one-size-fits-all. But I think on a vintage basis, you sort of get to a fuller run rate, a full run rate by the third year, in the third year.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So I guess that means, that as we go forward, we should start to see this come through pretty nicely because you've been ramping up the EARs since 2010?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, you will see that. And I would also say that even last year, at the beginning part of the year, we did have some good advisor ramp up in productivity from our EARs. I think what offset that was that there was this lower level of activity in our system, including with our change in our variable annuity product that slowed down a lot of our transaction volume. And so I think it's buried within there. But as we look at the vintages and look at the advisors that come on board, we are seeing good, nice ramp up in the productivity.
Operator: And our final question comes from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I was -- Suneet took the words out of my mouth in the follow-up on the capital returns, so I have no more questions.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the third quarter 2012 earnings call. My name is Don and I will be your operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 I will now turn the call over to Alicia Charity. You may begin. 
Alicia Charity: Thank you. And welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s Third Quarter Earnings call. On the call with me today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
 During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials on our website.
 Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and the operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2011 annual report to shareholders or our 2011 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or to revise these forward-looking statements.
 As a reminder, we will be conducting our annual meeting with the financial community on November 14th at 9:00 AM. Meeting details can be found on our websites.
 Now let me turn it over to Jim. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our third quarter earnings discussion. I’ll begin by giving you a bit of my perspective on our results. Walter will cover more of the numbers and then we’ll take your questions.
 Overall, we had a pretty good quarter. We delivered strong results in our advisory business including very good retail client net inflows. We’re generating modest revenue growth even after the impact of low interest rates.
 At the same time we’re managing expenses appropriately and delivering double digit growth in operating EPS. We continue to make good progress executing our strategy and our business metrics are sounds. We’re expanding our advisory client base. Our advisor reports [ph] is strong and growing.
 Assets are up across the firm and we’re improving asset management flows in maintaining good annuity in insurance books. Even with the benefit of rising equity markets over the past year, we continue to manage expenses appropriately given interest rate pressure.
 Earlier this year, we stepped up our reengineering efforts; we’re seeing the benefits now and continue to invest for growth. Overall, Ameriprise continues to generate strong returns for our shareholders, an important differentiator in today’s environment.
 Yesterday we announced a $0.45 per share dividend representing a 29% or $0.10 per share increase, the 5th increase since early 2010, in fact, we raised our dividend a 165% over that period. Today our employed dividend yield is above 3% which puts us at the high end of the category for SMP financials.
 We also repurchased $340 million worth of our stock this quarter, totaling $1 billion so far this year. And we announced a new $2 billion share repurchased program, as we accelerated our buybacks over the past two years. Through the third quarter, we returned a 138% of our operating earnings to shareholders.
 Now let me talk about our advice and wealth management segment performance. Adjusting for investment income a year ago, we were able to grow underlying revenues by 3% and underlying earnings by 8% total retail client assets were up 18% to $345 billion aided by strong client inflows and equity market appreciation.
 For example, net inflows into wrap accounts more than doubled from a year ago. As I mentioned, our reengineering is helping to fund our investment agenda. Our new brokerage platform was one of our largest technology undertaking since spin off.
 We successfully moved our 10,000 advisors and more than 2.5 million client accounts to the new system. This last conversion completes our transition efforts. Now we’re focused on helping our advisors access the benefits of the new system and we’re hearing good feedback from them.
 You’ll see the related expenses decline accordingly in the coming quarters. You may have seen we're back on the air with our award winning advertising campaign featuring Tommy Lee Jones. We feel that it is the right time to promote Ameriprise and strengthen consumers and advisors understanding of our value proposition.
 We expect advertising expenses in the fourth quarter will increase from the third but will remain relatively consistent with last year's level. I continue to hear positive feedback from our advisors regarding how they feel about the company and the investments we’re making to help grow their businesses.
 Retention and satisfaction rates for our tenure advisors are excellent. In regard to experience advisory recruiting, our efforts here continue at a steady pace, a 106 experienced advisors moved their business to the Ameriprise in the quarter.
 The advisors joining Ameriprise are on average 3 times more productive that advisors through leave. Our plan is to continue to grow our advisor base gradually focus on adding productive advisors and maintaining higher retention.
 In terms of productivity, operating net revenue per advisor was up slightly. We're seeing good fee pay base business growth and increasing average assets per advisor. But low rates and lower transactional volumes continue to pressure revenues.
 The third quarter also tends to be a slower quarter In terms of client activity and this year, clients and advisors have added concerns about the upcoming election and how our elected officials will address the fiscal cliff.
 In terms of segment profitability, pre-tax operating margin was a strong 12.4%. This is good progress given the low rate environment and economic uncertainty. As we told you last quarter, we are transitioning Ameriprise bank from the federal savings banks to a non-depository trust company.
 While we will no longer offer our proprietary banking products and services, we are helping clients transition to other leading providers. The disposition of our deposit and loan portfolios is underway and we will cease banking operations by the end of the year. Final regulatory approvals are pending and Walter will speak more about the financial implications in a few minutes.
 Now let's move on to asset management. In the quarter, asset management delivered solid profitability improvement. Our asset growth reflects a rising equity markets and reengineering initiatives are taking hold.
 Total assets under management for the segment was $461 billion of 11% from a year ago. With regard to flows during the quarter, we experienced $3.5 billion of net outflows. These were largely driven by Zurich related institutional outflows and outflows in hedge funds.
 Let me take you through the pieces. In institutional, we talked to you about ongoing outflows from the close Zurich book and in the quarter, that number was about $1.1 billion. We also had about 900 million in outflows from the re-tender of their pension assets which we previously disclosed.
 The underlying institutional results were essentially flat. We continue to see improvement in Columbia’s traditional third party business. We’re winning good mandates and the pipeline remain solid. In alternatives, we experienced $1.6 billion in net outflows primarily related to the termination of the hedge fund portfolio manager. We liquidated the funding manager and experienced outflows and strategies where he was an analyst. We have a solid team in place and we recently added 2 new members. I feel very good about their ability to move forward from here.
 Overall, retail flows were much improved for a year ago. European retail investors have regained confidence and we experienced strong net inflows at Threadneedle. And at Columbia, retail equity flows remain under pressure consistent with the industry. We also continue to have outflows and funds managed by a third party sub-advisor and in our value and restructuring fund. That said, we experienced an improvement in net flows namely into fixed income funds and in certain equity categories such as equity income.
 The underlying business is strong and I feel very good about the progress we’re making. Columbia and Threadneedle are generating consistently strong investment performance. We have broad product lines, renewed wholesaling strength and improved flows, and we continue to build new relationships both here in the United States and internationally.
 As we moved forward, we’ll continue to focus on navigating the challenging environment and managing the business for profitable growth. Our business fundamentals are solid. We’re making good progress and we’re focused on leveraging our global business model.
 Now move on to annuities and protection. Walter will address the unlocking impacts on our financials and I’ll speak to the business. Let’s start with annuities. Total variable annuity assets increased 15% to $68 billion due to market appreciation. Sales and flows have remained low as clients and advisors are learning more about our new managed volatility product, and we began to see a slight uptick in sales towards the end of the quarter. On the fixed side, the asset and flow story hasn’t changed. We feel good about the characteristics of our fixed annuity block, but aren’t adding to it given the rate environment.
 Overall, the underlying annuity business is performing well and generating good consistent returns. In protection, our business continues to be a solid steady contributor complementing on more equity sensitive businesses. We continue to help our advisors understand the benefits insurance products provide to me client needs comprehensively. It’s a core component of both our consumer and advisor value propositions. While our life insurance books remains at $191 billion, the UL DUL product mix is becoming what balances we continue to expand our universal life business. We have launched a refresh DUL product during the quarter and continue to see good sales in our index UL book.
 In auto and home, our business results improved nicely. We generated solid premium growth and profits in the quarter and claims returned to more normal levels. In addition, our policy camp was up a steady 8%.
 In closing, I'll leave you with this. Despite the uncertain environment and pressure from low interest rates, our results were solid. I feel good about the quarter. The business is operating well. We’re increasing our core client base, strengthening our advisor force and growing assets overall. Our focus remains on executing our strategy, driving improvements in the business and achieving strong results in a low-revenue growth environment. As we enter the fourth quarter, the U.S. elections and pending fiscal cliff are taking center stage. Important decisions will be made in the coming weeks and we’re working closely with our clients and advisors to help them navigate this environment. Walter. 
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Our third quarter operating net revenue of 2.5 billion was marginally higher than last year but included several disclosed items. Our underlying revenue growth was strong at 3%. Excluding our non-cash unlocking and the additional investment income we recognized last year.
 Underlying revenue growth was driven by equity market appreciation and stronger advisor client flows. These were partially offset by asset management outflows and the low interest rate environment. As you can see on page four, both pre-tax operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share grew nicely in the quarter. Pre-tax operating earnings grew 4% to 397 million. Adjusting for disclosed items, earnings grew over 7% versus last year.
 Pre-tax operating earnings in the asset management and advice and wealth management segments comprise 60% of total operating earnings ex the corporate segment. Excluding the impact of the unlocking, earnings from asset management and advice and wealth management were 52% of the total.
 Operating EPS growth outpaced operating earnings up $0.11 year-over-year or 14% after adjusting for disclosed items. This reflects our share repurchase activity of over 1.2 billion over the last year. Our strong balance sheet fundamentals and substantial excess capital generation have enabled us to return such a high level capital to shareholders.
 Turning to Slide 5, we delivered a solid 15.4% return on equity in the quarter which is within our long term target of 15% to 18%. Return on equity was impacted by unlocking as well as the second quarter on usual tax item. Excluding these 2 items, return on equity would have been 16.5% this quarter. We returned 460 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in third quarter, about a 140% of operating earnings. At the same time, our excess capital position remains at 2 billion plus due to our earnings growth and reduction in required capital. Our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. We had 3.3 billion of cash and equivalents at the end of the quarter, with 800 million of free cash and more than 800 million in high quality short duration securities at the parent company. Our variable annuity hedge program continues to be approximate 95% effective.
 Resource-wise estimated RBC ratio was 514% and finally, we have a high quality, well diversified investment portfolio that continues to perform well. The portfolio was adding net unrealized gain of $3.1 billion with gross unrealized losses of less than 200 million. As part of the liquidation of the assets in the bank, we sold the portfolio of higher risk residential mortgage back securities which improves the risk profile of the investment portfolio.
 In advice wealth management, we delivered another quarter of good financial performance. Pre-tax operating earnings were up 8% and margins grew 60 basis points versus last year after excluding the additional investment income recognized a year ago.
 Operating net revenue was up 2% from last year. And excluding the additional investment income recognized in 2011, revenue was up 3% year-over-year.  Our top line growth in advice and wealth management was driven by 18% growth in client assets from market appreciation and experienced advisor recruiting which was offset by slow transaction based activity consistent with the industry. We completed the implementation of the new brokerage platform in the third quarter and the expense associated with it came in on target. These expenses should decline moderately in fourth quarter. It will be offset by a bit higher advertising expense.
 Turning to next slide, we are on track with our process to exit the bank. In accordance with the plan we filed with the OCC, we began disposing our bank deposits and loans in the third quarter and we are on track to end-bank operations by year end. We had net realized losses of 62 million in the quarter associated with the sale of assets; however, we would generate a net gain that will more than offset this in the fourth quarter. We are working with both federal and state regulators and we are awaiting final approval for our bank transition. We have incurred the majority of the non-operating expenses associated with the bank transition which will be approximately $20 million excluding the impact of the interest rate hedge.
 In the fourth quarter, advisor of management segment pretax operating earnings will decline by approximate 13 million from exiting the bank which translates into about 100 base points of margin. In 2013, the annual impact to earnings will be approximately $60 million.
 We anticipate this impact will be neutralized from an EPS perspective by the end of 2013. We expect to redeploy the capital freed up from the bank transition which will be above our guidance of returning 90 to a 100% of earnings next year.
 Turning to asset management, we saw a strong earnings in the quarter, up 30% to a 155 million. This was largely due to equity market depreciation, 7 million of accelerated hedge fund performances and good expense management.
 The earnings growth also reflect the impact of outflows as well as the industry shift towards fixed income from equity which has a lower fee. We saw a similar trend with our adjusted pretax operating margin which increased to 37.6% in the quarter.  As Jim said, investment performance remains strong with a 116 4 and 5 star Morning Star rated funds.
 Let’s turn to flows on Slide 9. Overall asset flows improved in the quarter. Like the industry we continue to see inflows in fixed incomes and outflows in equity.
 Retail flows were slightly positives or meaningful improvement in retail flows at Threadneedle offset by outflows at Columbia. While Columbia continued to have out flows in the value and restructuring fund and then the funds managed by a third party sub-advisor. The trends in both of these improved in the quarter. In institutional, flows were neutral in the period excluding the activity exert.
 We had outflows of 1.1 billion from the close block of insurance assets at Threadneedle and we lost about 900 million of previously announced pension assets that were recently re-tended. Alternative net outflows 1.6 billion as Jim already discussed.
 Turning to annuities, earnings were within expectation excluding the impact associated with several disclosed IMC as you see on Slide 10. The negative unlocking impact of variable annuities largely from the lower near term interest spread assumptions. Fixed annuities had a variable locking. As the impact of lower rates on policy holder persistency more than offset spread compression from lower interest spread assumptions.
 Variable annuity operating earnings were 31 million in the quarter, down from 60 million a year ago. Excluding disclosed items, variable annuity earnings were 91 million up 15% year-over-year driven by account value growth. Fixed annuities operating earnings declined to 60 million. Excluding the disclosed items, earnings were 46 million, down 23% from a year ago due to spread compression. This was consistent with our expectation given this low rate environment.
 And protection of pre-tax operating earnings increased 89 million year-over-year. The annual non-cash unlocking was unfavorable 13 million, primarily from lower gains on reinsurance contracts due to favorable mortality experience. However, earnings in the segment were down 5% excluding unlocking and other disclosed items.
 Results were strong in auto and home. We continued to see strong policy growth at 8% along with improved loss experience compared to last year. Offsetting improved auto and home results were lower long term care earnings. Long-term care was impacted by the low rate environment as well as hard claims.  While long-term care claims were higher than a year ago, they remain within an acceptable range. We continued to monitor our long-term care block and our increasing rates as appropriate.
 Turning to Slide 12, we returned 416 million to shareholders in the quarter. We’re a 144% of operating earnings. We also announced a 29% increase in our quarterly shareholder dividend to $0.45 per share. This will bring our dividend yield to 3.2% based upon yesterday’s closing share price and it is consistent with our strategy to continue increase the mix of capital returns to shareholders via dividends. In the quarter, we repurchased 6 million shares for $340 million and had 482 million of share buyback remaining under the current authorization.
 Based upon this, the board will authorize an additional 2 billion of share buyback through the end of 2014. In 2013, we expect to return more than 100% of earnings to shareholders as we redeploy approximately 375 million that will be freed up from the bank transition. The ability to return capital shareholders is driven by our strong excess capital position, generation of free cash flow and our strong balance sheet fundamentals. These factors provide a foundation that uniquely positions us to perform while across market environment and have additional capital flexibility. With that, I will open it up to your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jay Gelb from Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: First on Slide 7, where you talk about the $13 million impact from transitioning out of the bank unit. Do you expect that to be included in operating earnings or is that more of a below the line item? 
Walter Berman: It’s operating earnings. 
Jay Gelb: The other question I have was on asset management. When you updated guidance for this year on the second quarter call, you were looking at the 18-19% pretax margin level where 19.3% year to date, so I just want to confirm that there is nothing we’d expect to see in fourth quarter that might pull that down but in fact that you’d probably be [indiscernible] your guidance. 
Walter Berman: Pretty much on the trend line. 
Jay Gelb: Okay and then finally the risk base. I’m sorry, go ahead Walter. 
Walter Berman: When anticipating its price. 
Jay Gelb: And then finally on river source the 514% risk based capital ratio, where do you feel the normalized RBC ratio should be taking in to account your excess capital plans? 
Walter Berman: Yes as we indicated. We would try to get that under 500 and it should stay in this range, a tad under again depending on there’s a lot of moving parts to that. So if you can’t necessarily control and again this is an estimate. We do the final at the end of the year, but I would say in this range which you should anticipate. 
Jay Gelb: To the substantial amount of excess capital, where else is that being driven from? 
Walter Berman: The majority of excess capital is actually in corporate at this stage and there is obviously this excess capital in the life company, but it’s throughout all the other subs, but the majority of that is now resident and corporate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets. 
Eric Berg: I am finally getting the handle for a sort of what the exposure is at this point in Connecticut with the manager, and the situation with the manager who retired, at the Marsico funds and in California whether there is going to be sort of ongoing fallout from the decision to let go that PM out there. Could you address each of these 3 issues, the Connecticut situation, the Denver situation and the California situation quantifying as precisely as you can and feel comfortable with the ongoing exposure there? 
Walter Berman: Okay, let me start with the value and restructuring. Gentleman retired early in the year, in the second quarter and we have continued to experience some of the outflows because a number of those funds as you would imagine are on platforms and models. And so, as they come up for review etcetera sometimes, they reevaluate because the manager has changed, and so, we think that is starting to come down. We would expect that it gets less and less as we go forward in that regard. Regarding Marsico, the PM changed and again, what our experience is, is model changes now on some of the platforms as they reevaluate those funds. We think that Marisco has stabilized their position in regard to their funds and activities. Having said that, they’re still up for a review when you have a change like that. And in regard to the hedge funds, we feel pretty much we have experienced the outflows that will occur there with the manager change and we feel if anything, as we settle that down hopefully we’ll start to get some inflows back in next year in that regard.
 But, it’s unfortunate as you go through some of the manager changes etcetera, you have model changes that are occur in review, and those things sometimes last a bit longer, then you would think the change has occurred, why isn’t it over. And that’s what we’re experiencing and hopefully we could continue to deal with that effectively as we get fund flows into other of our retail funds and get more of our funds on these model portfolio platforms and that’s what we've working hard to do because we do have good funds with good performance. We just got to get that more known out there in relationship to the ones that were on the platforms. 
Eric Berg: Could I ask a second and final question of sort of a related nature. In the past you have discussed a hold in your product line of areas where you need to develop. It’s surprising because Columbia is a big and complex organization. I would have thought every box would have been checked. But where do you stand right now in terms of your product bracket? It’s broad but is it complete? 
Walter Berman: Yes, I think Eric as we have evaluated and we’ll discuss this a bit more at our financial community meeting. We do have a broad product set with good product with good performance and it’s unfortunate that a lot of the areas that we have been really strong in are not necessarily in, in the flow category right now particularly in equities. We have been garnering a very large share in our dividend and opportunity funds things such as that are more equity income related. In regard to the places where we haven't played as well are things like and that's what we've been working on to ensure, because we’re putting our talent together in the product areas is things like global bonds, emerging market debt, things such as that, that have garnered some logic flows, strategic allocation on a multi-asset basis. Now we think we actually have some good product that we've been gearing and building the track records for and positioning and repositioning and we'll discuss that a bit more in 2 weeks but if you look at where large inflows have come from, those were some of the categories. Even in the fixed income, we actually have gotten good flows in places like high yield etcetera. We do have good intermediate funds but some of the things that have been selling have been positioned a bit differently and we're working on that. So, again we can't dictate that that's where the flows will stay but we do have to ensure that we have a good product in those categories as we maintain the categories that we are strong with and hopefully as things rotate back in will be situated well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath, please go ahead from UBS. 
Suneet Kamath: I had 2 questions, I wanted to start with advise and wealth. Looking at the experienced advisor recruits, it seems like that number keeps ticking up. I think you're annualizing it to over 400 this year versus something like 337 last year. So I guess the question is, can you talk a little bit about the compensation packages associated with these recruits. Just looking at the headlines we're seeing a lot of teams kind of move firms. So I imagine that things are pretty competitive, but can you just talk about how these compensation programs compare to say what we have seen in the past, sort of directionally and I have a follow up. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Sumeet, in regards to what we’re doing, yes, we have a good and consistent pipeline. We have ramped up our efforts a little more fully around the country and we’re recruiting now, not just into the employee section but also into the franchisee area as well. In regard to the packages, the reason for us to increase mainly is because we’re recruiting more, I would call a higher level advisors in, but on a relative sense we’re not necessarily playing in some of the categories and the ratios that you’ve been seeing out in the marketplace. Our packages we think are competitive but at the same time it’s also the type of advisor we’re trying attract that would help them build and grow. And in addition to that, we’ve set it up in a way that as they produce they can actually achieve the higher, what I would call transition comp on the bank end. So we feel very comfortable about that. Our returns are still very good and appropriate. I would say the rates have gone up mainly because we’ve been recruiting more higher level productivity where you would always see the skill up in that regard. But I would still say it’s not to the points that I’ve been seeing in the industry as well. 
Suneet Kamath: Got it, and are we seeing the sort of the pickup in productivity from the folks that you started recruiting, I guess back in 2010. I know in the past you’ve talked about, I don’t know if it was a 12 month or 24 month time period before, these guys are really on-boarded. Can you give a sense of where we are based on the folks that you’ve already brought in? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we track that very closely and we do it on a vantage basis. So as we add more people of course the newer people have less over and produce less, but as you go through the vantages of one, 2 and 3 years. On average we are very successful in bringing over a majority of their assets and books of what they’ve identified and what we have chatted with them and agreed to on the type of the arrangement. The second thing that occurs is that they then transfer over and then it takes them anywhere from one to three years to fully ramp up depending on the type of book, the type of activity, product set and where they are located in regard to an employee versus a franchisee. But we have seen consistent ramp-ups, consistent with our models and our payback schemes. Within a 24-month period as an example, we get about 98% of their assets under management from the beginning. Now, they might not be at 98% in productivity because as you know, based on certain clients and certain activities and certain types of transactions that they might have sold in the past, you don’t necessarily replicate that immediately with market conditions. But we are seeing a consistent nice ramp up with our models. We feel very good about it, that’s why we’re consistently deploying resources to bring in people. 
Suneet Kamath: Got it and my second question is for Walter. Just on the excess capital. If I go back over the past couple of quarters, it seems like the excess capital number is consistently been 2 billion plus despite the fact that your payout ratios has been well over 100%. So it seems like the reason is that required capital is going down. So I was just wondering if you could really help us understand what is going on underneath the surface that keeps that excess capital position static despite the fact that your payout ratio has been so high, thanks. 
Walter Berman: Sure. First what has happened there, we have the market, has certain impacted this quarter and looking at CTU98 [ph] that has lowered our requirement. We’ve also so re-bounced some of our investments as certainly as we exit the bank which is also result in a lower requirement and over the last year we’ve been working on our hedges to make them more effective from standpoint from a capital standpoint and that work will continue and that is primarily the focus also as we get the mixed shift in the business coming in more onto the asset management and advice wealth management, that certainly requires less capital. So we’re seeing a track on our new activity in the amount of capital required on that and we’re working on getting our basic requirement down primarily in the hedging area and use of our hedges in the state capital area. 
Suneet Kamath: But should we expect that 2 plus billion now to start to grade down assuming that you’re paying 90 to 100% of earnings in terms of payout and then in the bank capital should we start to see that number coming down? 
Walter Berman: No again, plus is not define from that standpoint but the candidates [ph] know because I think we are with the amount of activity and the amount of capital required as we’re adding it in the mix, as I look in the near term I think we should be able to preserve that, again depending on how the level of buyback that we executed upon. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher from Credit Suisse. 
Thomas Gallagher: Walter, first one for you on advice and wealth, have you all already received the benefit of the fall-off in IT spend in that area. I know there 1Q, the expense level was elevated. If I look back to the run rate this quarter versus back to 1Q, we've had a $60 million reduction. Is it safe to assume we've gotten that full benefit of the fall off already or is there still more to come? 
Walter Berman: As we indicated, I think Jim indicated that we implemented the system in the third quarter. There is still expense that will be with us for a quarter or 2 as it trails off, but it will trial off and as it relates to training and certainly giving up in our service delivery capability. So on that basis, we will still incur expenses in the fourth quarter. And in the first quarter, the expense will start decreasing. You should not see a dramatic change, but it will start coming off. 
Thomas Gallagher: But Walter, if we look at apples-to-apples versus the expense run rate from 3Q sale if there is going to be a trail off of expenses through the end of 1Q, order of magnitude, are we talking about something that will be material offset to the, -- we’ll call it $50 million or so of lost earnings as a result of the bank sale. Is it material relative to that $50 million when you think about by 2Q of next year or is it not that material? 
Walter Berman: If you are talking about from the standpoint as it relates to the $50 million we talked about as related to the lower expense once the system was fully integrated. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, what we have is if you saw in the first quarter of this year, we’ve had a lot of expenses, we had to complete a lot of the development for the conversion in the second and third quarter. In the second and third quarter to Walter’s point, we had a lot of expense for the training and the service deliver to actually migrate over the accounts and support that activity including through clearing. And so what we are now doing is winding down the systems caused carrying the two systems because the development was done, that was heavy in the first part of the year. And we’re winding down to Walter’s point more of the service delivery and the training support cost and that will gradually come off over time as people get ramped up more fully on the systems. What I would say to your point is, we’re not going to fully offset the bank margin because that’s roughly about 15 million a quarter, but we should as you as saw in the third quarter coming from the second quarter, that sort of run rate of reduction in G&A we think will continue probably through the next 2 quarter or so in that regard. So we’re going to bring down on average the expenses for the whole migration over the course of the next year particularly in the first 2 quarters of next year. On an apples-to-apples basis it is less than 15 million per quarter for the bank because we started to achieve some of that savings already in the third quarter if you look at the third quarter below the second quarter, second quarter below first some. So some of that was in there but there's still a remaining piece of that per quarter. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, okay, Jim, that’s clear. So if I look at the delta from the 2Q to Q3 was $7 million is that, so you're saying directionally it could be about that amount? 
Jim Cracchiolo: I think that's what we should see for another quarter and then maybe it will be a bit less than that instead of first and second. So there will be a bit more. I'm just saying it would have offset fully if we didn’t take some of our expenses down in the third quarter of this year which we did. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, so if I understand you numerically, by the time we get into 2Q of next year you might have 1/2 to 2/3 of the lost earnings offset by lower expenses? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say if you can count yet the fourth quarter including in that, yes, probably along those lines but I think Walter can probably do some calibrations and let you know a little clearer when we do the FCM. 
Thomas Gallagher: The next question I had is just on long term care. I know it’s a small revenue line for you all but you lost a little bit of money in the quarter on it and I guess my question is, should we be worried at all or if you guys have done a reserve adequacy analysis and/or a DAC review related to that business. Only because my understanding is that with the FAS60 accounting and the way it works, when you move into loss recognition territory, that typically precipitates a reserve review type of test and a DAC test, so if you could just comment on that, that will be helpful. 
Walter Berman: The answer is yes. In the third quarter we did do reserve review and we felt that the reserve was adequate from that standpoint. And nothing was necessary to take down and so we’re certainly monitoring the situation. As we indicated claims were up. We made an adjustment on an IBN hour, but we are putting in our rate increases and we feel that at this time certainly based upon review it was not necessary to make a change. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, and my last question is just on the hedge fund outflows, Jim can you provide a little more color on what happened there? Were those client redemptions as a result of an employee departure? Was that the seller [ph] men decided to give money back as a result of it, and also what are the assets remaining with that hedge fund team? Only asking because typically in situations that I've seen in the past like this, once you have substantial outflows with a particular team, those can last a bit longer. But anyway if you could provide a little more color on that? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay, when we terminated the manager, as you know, as people are invested in various hedge funds and particularly as you go into a period where we fought with the various market situations, people evaluate that and sometimes they do remove that money if you allow them to do so which we do. We have the funds open. We want them to make informed decisions there. And so as they had notified us, they did pull the assets there. They will evaluate that over the next number of periods to see. But that’s exactly what had occurred. It’s not that we gave the money back. They wanted to take it out at this point in time. We have a good team still there led by Paul Wick and we have added back some additional talent to Paul’s team. We feel that Paul has had an excellent track record over the years and that he is very much focused on continuing to maintain his performance and I think as we do that, we should hopefully garner some flows in the future. And so that’s really the situation. It was unfortunate, but at the same time we think appropriate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein, Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Blostein: I wanted to go back to AW on for one second. Jim can you talk about I guess competitive dynamics in the marketplace today. Clearly your head count growth has been very good. Where are you seeing incremental phase coming in from? Is it predominantly wire houses or are you seeing it from other kind of more regional players? And then more importantly, the way you guys thinking about structure in the compensation arrangement for the new financial advisors. How does that differ from I guess your current pool of FAs. 
Jim Cracchiolo: So overall we’re seeing increased activity and consistent activity from a number of different places. We’re seeing people continue to join us from the wire houses in a very focused way. We’re also seeing now people joining us from some of the regionals and even if you are the independence as we look at in particularly into our franchise or channel and so we feel like our story is getting out there in the marketplace. We’re actually having good conversations and people are becoming more familiar with us. We used to be known as the quiet company that didn’t necessary understand who we work fully, and I think we’re starting to make the right noise out in the marketplace and positioning so that we are getting on more radar screens. From that perspective, as people are becoming more familiar and as we’ve attracted more people over so they understand what we’re able to do and who we are. We are seeing bigger and bigger producers as well becoming interested in us. So I think that we’ll continue at this point in time and I feel good about it. As far as the packages are concerned, I know there is a lot of headlines out there and those headlines are particularly focused in the industry on the million dollar plus producers and I think there is a bit more competition out there particularly in the wires for those people. that’s not necessarily the territory we’re playing in and very clearly I think if people are choosing to come here, they’re choosing to come for more of the value proposition, the culture, the type of positioning we have in the marketplace versus moving to another wire. And so again, we feel good about our ability to do this and more of an appropriate economic fashion. We’re not going to appeal to all people and we’re not going to appeal to those they just want a big check and that’s good. We actually prefer not to. So we feel good about where we are and what we are attracting and helping those people come over and helping them to actually take up a stronger advice value proposition. 
Alexander Blostein: Great, and then 2 on asset management. Jim, first one for you on the institutional business, I know there is I guess little bit of noise whether these one off kind of outflows, but when you look at the pipeline and we talked about it last couple of quarters performance is really good, your year numbers are solid across a margin product, can you give us a sense of how big of the pipeline is for you guys of potential wins and when and what’s the pace of I guess those assets coming into the run rate? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well I think we’re also going to try to cover this in a bit more detail in 2 weeks. Ted Truscott will be actually discussing the various flows and our distribution activities and the various products. What I would say here is this, our institutional pipeline is good and strong. It doesn’t mean we’re not going lose some of the stuff that we had in the past as you experienced, but as I said, with the large hump a lot of Bank of America activities, there is still below [ph] but again we mentioned as 1.5 billion, it’s not a lot of money. We’re going to have some lumpiness like as we said from things like the Marsico or the VNR, things that are on various platforms as they continue to migrate out or get settled. But, even retail, we are starting to feel good. I mean our sales are actually a bit up and we look at market share gains in our focused area are positive. But we need to get more of that. We need to get on more platforms, more intermediate recognized full deployments we have versus some of names of firms out there and we are working hard. Threadneedle has actually come back in a good way. Now that Europe has settled down a little, hopefully we’ll continue that way but we see retails flows came back very nicely and institutional flows are very good. I mean it doesn’t look that way once you get to Zurich but we’re always going to have a $1 billion a quarter with Zurich. I mean the pension fund tender was the one that we identified because we had more flow[ph] of the pensions and have it diversify. But if you take that out, Threadneedle was in a nice positive position this quarter, and Columbia who’s unfortunately with the hedge fund. But Columbia I mean, our institutional funds neutralized that including some of the portfolio platform changes and then the retail, more than half of the outflows were in those just 2 fund category, the VNR and sub-advise. So, I think we’re making progress. This is not still a great time where everything is in inflows but listen, we've got a good underlying platforms. People were working hard. We’re continuing to fill out the areas that we are not necessarily well-known for that we think we can be in those areas. We’ll go over that a bit more but I am feeling pretty good about it. I mean we've got work to do. So this is not like declaring victory at any sense, but I think we've got over the hump and at the same time I think we've got a good platform and we are generating pretty good margins and profitability from it. We have an investment performance as maintaining itself. 
Alexander Blostein: And then Walter, just one for you on also on asset management. So taking into account what the outflows you had in the alternative business, I guess if you look at the whole complex, how much in a AUM do you guys have right now that’s kind of performance eligible and how are those assets performing this year? 
Walter Berman: The performance has actually been okay. I mean, in both of the health and in the tax side and I am not sure on the fund side, I am not sure if we’ve bet over a $1 billion is what is in the funds. 
Alexander Blostein: Over a $1 billion and the funds are the just all of across everything. 
Walter Berman: Are you talking about the hedge funds, it’s probably concentrated in the 2 areas that I mentioned. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Schuman from KBW. 
Jeffrey Schuman: I guess I want to do a little bit of hair splitting. One page seven, regarding the transition on the bank, it says neutral EPS impact in 2013. I think in Walter's comments, he said neutral by the end of 2013. I guess the difference is not immaterial to estimates. Which is kind of the more accurate expectations? 
Walter Berman: Obviously we will engage, redeploy the capitals. Obviously the capital is still in bank this quarter, in the fourth quarter. But commencing in the first quarter of next year we will redeploy. We’re not intending to match exactly on the earnings that are coming out of the bank but by the end, our target was to neutralize effectively for the year the impact of that all from an EPS standpoint. 
Jeffrey Schuman: Okay so not matching by quarter but when on a full year basis pretty much neutral that? 
Walter Berman: That's what you should expect, yes. 
Jeffrey Schuman: And then going back to the loss of the alternative assets, I mean a 1.5 billion of outflows, isn't that a big number relative to the size of the complex but if you've often pointed out historically not all assets are in equally some of the Zurich assets you lose probably you don’t earn much presumably the alternatives earned probably your best earning assets. I mean is the loss of these assets material enough that we should think about it in our numbers or just how well did you earn on those assets? 
Walter Berman: These were earning assets, obviously higher than Zurich had mentioned, but again, its manageable, it will impact us obviously in fourth quarter a bit but from that standpoint, we believe we will be able to build it back but I would say it certainly has a higher profitability factor than some of the ones we've been talking about we've been losing from the bank but again its manageable. 
Jeffrey Schuman: And lastly you've given us some directional guidance on the ad spend, I think you're up sequentially maybe flat year-over-year but we don’t really have great visibility into what the ad spend is. I mean should we just assume that corporate DNA is kind of flat year over year or how do we account specifically for the ad-spending given the limited visibility? 
Walter Berman: We’re pretty much on track versus what we spend. It does get split between corporate and AWM. Obviously there’s a lot of institution enterprise advertising, and in the fourth quarter we have heavy ad versus the third quarter. It will increase in the fourth quarter. 
Jeffrey Schuman: The corporate G&A or just the ads been pieced within that? 
Walter Berman: No, in the corporate G&A,  a piece of it goes into corporate G&A and then obviously a portion is in AWM. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hall from Wells Fargo Securities. 
John Hall: Jim, I have a question about M&A, obviously capital is building here, and you have done a couple of successful transactions, Columbia and Threadneedle and characteristics of both of those transactions where that they had large books of legacy asset that created some outflows over time and continued to. I guess given your experiences with each of those properties, what are your thoughts as you look at other properties out there that may have similar legacy asset characteristic? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well as you know, if you are going to buy an entity that’s attached to any larger entity, particularly that’s in the financial space, you are going to have assets that may have been attached. So if asset managers are owned by banks or insurers etcetera, you’re actually going to have legacy assets. I think as we think about those legacy assets, we always and just like we did with Columbia, we thought about what the net value is of what you will be purchasing, how long those assets would live for and then what’s the sort of the value that you would be left with after enduring. So we do evaluate those things and if it’s still a good opportunity for us based on combination of value and what that would add to us over time, we will definitely still consider it. If you find that there is an independent entity then in most cases, you don’t have those legacy assets, but you still may have larger institutional contracts or other things that would still have to be evaluated if there is a change of ownership. What we do is look at the value of the entity fully with those assets incorporated and what happens if you maintain to more loose them to come up with evaluation and that’s what we would do and even though I’m sitting with the capital as we said, when we don’t see things, we buy more of our stock back and raise our dividend etcetera and that’s what we’ll continue to do. We’re not just looking to spend the capital on assets that are out there. There are assets out there but we have looked at various ones and again, we look at we’re going to be left with in the end to decide whether it would be appropriate for us. So we’re not opposed to that. I think what I would do in the future is if I did an asset like that again I would help to be as clear as I can with you to understand what that outflow may be so that we understood, it. But it would be to really buy what would be underneath it that would maintain and live rather than just what you would buy in a transition basis. I hope that answers your question and that’s what we tried to do with Columbia and we think we are pretty good with that having said that, you still live with the outflows for periods of time. 
John Hall: And just as a follow up on the increase to the dividend, are you managing to some set payout ratio in future that you’re trying to get to? 
Jim Cracchiolo: What we have said right now is in combination, we wanted to return roughly as our starting point about 90% of our earnings to the investor based on where we are at capital position of free cash flow. With that we are trying to rebalance it a bit more to have the mix a bit more in the dividends as investors have expressed that interest and that’s why over the last 2 years, we have raised the dividend 165%. So we’re over a 3% yield, which we like at this point based upon the interest that’s there in the marketplace. We’re not managing to a 3%, we’re managing more to an overall payout ratio that we would give back to the investors between dividend and buyback. We’re not going to chase it up and down but we will look for a steady amount of dividend and a steady amount that we can have of an increase. That’s what we actually tried to do since we’ve been public. There is only one year that we didn’t raise our dividend and I more than made up for it with the 5 increases over the last 2 years. And so we tried to maintain our dividend so that we wouldn’t cut it, and we manage that to be a certain level of cash that we feel very comfortable with and at the same time, we would like to continue to grow the dividends over time consistent with that, but we did increase it a bit more than we would have thought in the past because of what we think the combination interest in our cash flow is today. 
John Hall: Great and just one final thing on the bank and the decision process there to pull capital away from the bank is partly return oriented and partly regulatorily oriented. I was wondering if you could sort of draw a dotted line to what you’re doing in the bank, to your thoughts on whether you are thinking about things around your fixed annuity block of business where that’s a market that there is an awful lot of external interest in. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, the bank decision is really driven based upon, I think the combination of the pressure that would be -- we only had a small banking institution and the bank would subject the entire entity to certain other requirements that we didn’t necessarily see as reasonable and appropriate at this point in time. For the bank itself, we had a no issue or concern about the regulatory requirements for it. It was more of how that would subject the entire institution and limit our abilities to operate in the businesses that we are, because we are heavily regulated in those businesses to begin with. So that was really the decision. It wasn’t just to free up that capital. In the end it does free up that capital and based on again, that it was a smaller institution and the amount of capital we had in it. It sort of offsets the earnings that we had in that at this point in time. The fixed annuity book, we have looked at the various things that are out in the marketplace. We actually generate a nice return on that book. Yes, it is running off a bit. At the end of the day we've evaluated those alternatives and we don’t think that would be favorable for us. But Walter can comment a bit more on that but we constantly look at alternatives but we felt that we’re in a better position than what others may have that are needed to sell that off. 
Walter Berman: The only thing I have to say is that we certainly do evaluate that from Jim’s standpoint but the returns that have been provided even if the runoff have been, actually within our targeted ranges, and so we don’t need the capital, it certainly generates its earnings and it’s the portfolio that supports it is matched quite well and we feel quite comfortable with the exposure profile. 
Operator: Our last question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel: Just first a quick comment Jim for you in the board and I don't want to typically say something like this, especially because I am not allowed to invest in your company, but there is not a single company I cover that’s doing a better job of returning capital to shareholder. So, I applaud you for continuing to deliver on that commitment. I do have 2 questions for you on asset management, its starting with the one Jeff Schuman's question, as the makeshift in the overall asset or AUM with fixed income a larger share, the pie equities at least a little bit lower than it has been the norm and more recently with the hedge fund outflow or hedge fund closing the alternatives are lower, how should we think about the impact, how should we size the impact on the overall fee rate for that segment? 
Jim Cracchiolo: I think what I would say here is, we have seen a bit more as you have mentioned of the shift in some of the flows between fixed and equity. Having said that, the markets again, it depends on where the markets are holding, but the market increase says or set that a little bit and you saw a nice rise in the total assets particularly in equities. What I can't predict and I don’t know if you can, maybe our elections and what happens in Washington to get the economy going will be a positive but my belief is that over time there is so much money that have shifted the fixed income at one point, the interest rates start to move, the economy picks up. There has to be a shift back because otherwise you're not going to be balanced correctly either as a retailer or institutional investor but right now it has shifted, Walter I don't know if you can give them a perspective on what that looks like or you will in two weeks? 
Walter Berman: I think Ted will cover but there has been a shift and the fixed income obviously has a lower earnings profile for us and the shift I guess is, if you look at it, its maybe 20% of the 25% of the market depreciation. Obviously it’s an industry where it is shifting and there are other things that the team is doing to improve them all. Its revenue from reengineering. 
John Nadel: Can I ask you so is the margin, I think it's very clear that the margin on alternatives is higher. Is the margin on equities versus fixed income also higher? 
Walter Berman: Yes. 
John Nadel: Okay, and then I guess, Jim, I did notice, its only modest but it was a slight downtick in the quarter, in the number of four and five star rated funds, given that in the overall industry pressure on flows as you just discussed, I'm just wondering and maybe this is more for 2 weeks from now, what outlook you can provide as far as your expectation for flows going forward, particularly Columbia retail. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Right on the number of funds I think we're pretty stable. I don’t know if it moved by one or 2 or something but I think we’re pretty consistent and stable in that regard. I would say we will try to give you a flavor for how we’re thinking about, our distribution and flow activity. What I can't predict, to be very honest is, again will equities come back, when will it come back, what categories are most important right now. We know that in certain of the categories, we've been winning some good business. I think what's offsetting or some of the things that we mentioned to you, and there is some other categories that give big inflows that we haven't played in. But I actually feel like we are in a reasonably good situation but there is a lot more that we can continue to do and we’re working hard to do that. So why don’t we leave it from 2 weeks from now and that will be a better way for us to sort of lay that out and take some of your questions. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 Earnings call.  My name is Kim and I will be your operator for today’s call.  At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.  Later, we will conduct a question and answer session.  Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity.  Ms. Charity, you may begin. 
Alicia Charity: Thank you and welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s Second Quarter Earnings call.  With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer.  Following their remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
 During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the Company’s operations.  Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website.
 Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance.  These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2011 annual report to shareholders, or our 2011 10-K report.  We undertake no obligation to update publicly or to revise these forward-looking statements.
 And with that, I’ll turn it over to Jim. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning.  Thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings discussion.  I’ll begin with my overview of our business performance for the quarter and then Walter will discuss our financial results in more detail.  Afterwards, we’ll take your questions.
 As we reported yesterday, our headline operating results were impacted by a few items, the largest of which relates to taxes in prior periods.  Walter will explain these in more detail.  If you exclude these items, EPS and return on equity would have been up nicely.
 Overall, results in the quarter were solid despite the challenging market conditions and low interest rates that continue to pressure revenue levels which you are seeing across financial firms; and as you would expect, we are adjusting our expense levels to reflect this decline.  We’re making good progress executing our strategy in helping our clients navigate a difficult market environment.  Our business fundamentals are sound with solid traction in our advisory business, good client acquisition, and strong retail net flows.
 In asset management, we’ve completed our integration of Columbia Management and together with Threadneedle have a global platform with strong performance and expanded distribution.  In protection annuities, we maintained good books of business with strong risk management and underwriting.  We continue to manage expenses prudently and our balance sheet and capital management underpin our firm.  Meanwhile, we have the flexibility to invest for business growth and return significant capital to shareholders while maintaining the flexibility afforded by our free cash flow and large excess position.
 During the quarter, we devoted $428 million to share repurchases and dividends.  With the increased dividend we announced last quarter, our dividend yield is about 2.9%, which is at the higher end of our peer group.  In fact, over the past 6 quarters we’ve returned more than 130% of our operating earnings to shareholders, putting us in the top quintile of financial companies in the S&P 500.
 Now let’s review our business segment performance.  First, advice and wealth management -- we generated nice improvements in profitability in the quarter considering the market headwinds.  Total retail client assets increased 4% year-over-year to $331 billion aided by strong client net inflows in the quarter.  We’re continuing to invest in capabilities that will help our advisors reach more clients and serve existing clients more fully.
 One of our largest investments is our new brokerage platform.  It’s a multi-year project and its rollout has been successful.  All our employee advisors and more than half of our franchisee advisors are working on the new platform with the remaining advisors making the switch later this quarter.  While training will continue, the larger investments for this project will wrap up later this year.
 We also continue to invest in our brand and have enhanced our web presence and online capabilities.  Heardable Score, which measures online brand performance, ranked Ameriprise third in full-service investment brands online, topping many other large firms.  Overall, we feel good about our brand positioning and consumer awareness.
 With an established brand and strong value proposition, experienced advisor recruiting is going well.  During the quarter, 91 experienced advisors with good books of business joined Ameriprise.  Approximately 400 advisors have moved their business to Ameriprise over the past year, and we have seen a steady increase in the productivity levels of recruited advisors.  I feel very good about the quality of the advisors who are joining Ameriprise and our efforts to bring them onboard.  They have strong practices and share our values.  In addition to our recruiting success, our long-tenured advisors remain highly satisfied, resulting in very strong retention rates.
 In terms of productivity, operating net revenue per advisor was down slightly for the quarter, driven by the unease in the markets.  We are increasingly working with clients and fee-based relationships, and our fee-based production increased by nearly double digits; however, as volatility spiked during the quarter, client transaction volumes declined.
 As we invest in tools to help advisors grow their practices and improve their productivity, we still maintain a strong expense discipline.  We ended the quarter with a pre-tax operating margin of 11.6%, up from 11.3% a year ago and 9.9% sequentially.  Short-term interest rates continue to have a significant impact on our results and the industry. For example, for just the year-over-year period, low interest rates impacted profitability in the segment by 100 basis points.
 As we move forward, we continue to focus on pulling the right levers to drive profitability improvements in a lower revenue growth environment.  Earlier this month, you likely saw that we are transitioning our federal savings bank to a non-depository national trust bank.  While we have grown the bank since launching it in 2006, it is a small part of our overall business.  Unfortunately, Dodd-Frank does not distinguish between large consumer banks and companies with limited banking operations like Ameriprise.  Once complete, we will no longer be considered a savings and loan holding company.
 Importantly, our deposit and lending client value proposition won’t change.  What will change is that it will be delivered through third parties.  These are quality firms, and in many cases they had existing relationships with the bank.  While our decision will impact the advice and wealth management segment due to the loss of revenue and good margin business, we anticipate using the additional capital flexibility to neutralize the EPS impact at the Ameriprise level by repurchasing our shares.
 Now I’ll move on to asset management.  In the quarter, asset management achieved consistent profitability in a tough market environment.  Total assets under management for this segment were $446 billion, down 5% from a year ago, from net outflows and average weighted market depreciation.  As I’ve mentioned, the second quarter marked the official completion of our integration of Columbia Management, a significant undertaking for the firm.
 In terms of flows during the quarter, we experienced 6.6 billion of net outflows, which were largely driven by the expected former parent company and large outflows from the sources we discussed last quarter.  Walter will give you a detailed break-out in a few minutes.
 As we look ahead, the large former parent company outflows at Columbia are lawfully [ph] behind us.  The underlying business is sound.  I feel very good about the progress we’re making.  We’re headed in the right direction.  At Columbia, we’re seeing steady progress in flows in our focused sales areas, despite significant market headwinds in the quarter.  In institutional, our pipeline remains strong.  Asset retention is excellent and we continue to deliver good win rates.
 Earlier this week, the State of South Carolina announced that we will continue managing its 529 plan.  At Threadneedle, the challenges facing the euro zone dampened investor sentiment and led to lower institutional funding rates.  Even with the economic and market challenges in Europe, net flows from European retail investors were essentially flat for the quarter.
 With the completion of the Columbia integration, we now have a strong global asset management platform.  We have strong performance across product lines with 116 Morningstar four- and five-star rated funds.  We have broad product lines and we’re launching new products where we see opportunity, including the Columbia Risk Allocation Fund we introduced last month, and we have extensive distribution in the United States and Europe and are working collaboratively to reach more clients and capture opportunities in Asia, the Middle East and other international markets.
 As we move forward, we are focused on navigating the challenging environment and managing the business for profitable growth.  Clearly, market conditions will continue to shape investor sentiment, assets and flows.  While we expect flows to improve materially from what we experienced this quarter, we, like the industry, continue to face market challenges.  That said, we have the right people, capabilities and strategy to achieve our long-term growth potential.
 Now I’ll move on to annuities and protection.  In annuities, we continue to balance the goals of offering clients products that help meet their income and protection needs while ensuring an appropriate risk profile and return for our shareholders.  Ultimately, both the fixed and variable businesses are affected by a low interest rate environment, and we’re taking steps to further address the related risks.  For example, we introduced a new variable annuity rider in May that incorporates a managed volatility fund.  We stopped sales of certain guaranteed riders and we restricted add-on premiums for the VA in-force block.  As you would expect, these decisions impacted variable annuity sales and net flows in the quarter.  Net inflows in the Ameriprise channel were $94 million, which was down from a year ago and account balances remain flat at $65 billion.  We’re training advisors on the new product features and expect lower sales through the balance of the year as we continue the training process.
 On the fixed side, the asset and flow story has remained consistent as has the pressure of low rates.  While we feel good about the characteristics of our fixed block, we are not adding to it, given the rate environment.  Overall, the underlying annuity business is performing within our expectations.
 In protection, we have good books of business that generate solid earnings and provide steady contributions to our diversified business.  We’re continuing to help our legacy and new advisors work with clients to address their insurance needs.  Total life insurance in force was $191 billion, which has been largely unchanged over the past several quarters given the industry-wide pressures.  We’re seeing continued good lift in our universal life insurance which is more than offsetting slower sales in variable products.  In total, VUL and UL sales were up 25% from a year ago.
 In the auto and home business, similar to what you’ve seen in the industry, weather-related claims were reflected in second quarter earnings.  That said, the business is doing well.  We generated solid growth and profits in the quarter, and our policy count was up a steady 7%.  To summarize, I feel very good about the risk characteristics and the long-term returns in our insurance and annuity businesses.
 Overall, Ameriprise remains in a strong position.  We’re making good progress and executing our strategy and helping people gain confidence in their financial future despite a very difficult environment.  The economy in the U.S. is uncertain and clients are cautious.  As Americans return from summer vacations, the election season will be in full swing, and our economic issues will be fully debated.  I expect individual and institutional investor uncertainty and caution will remain elevated for the foreseeable future, and there’s little relief from low interest rates.
 At Ameriprise, we will continue to manage through this period consistent with how we managed the firm since we became a public company.  Our business fundamentals are strong and our financial foundation is rock-solid.  We have embedded an expense discipline and are realizing the benefits of our reengineering program to fund our growth investments and help contribute to the bottom line.
 We are evolving our business mix to generate more of our earnings from less capital-demanding businesses with strong free cash flow that adds to our existing excess capital position and enhances the flexibility to redeploy capital opportunistically and drive shareholder return.
 Now I’ll turn it over to Walter. 
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim.  Our second quarter operating earnings per share of $1.13 included several significant discreet items which totaled $0.26 per share.  This included a negative $0.18 from a tax item associated with securities lending activity where we received incomplete data from a third party.  This resulted in the miscalculation of tax deductions in prior periods.  Our tax department became aware of the discrepancy in the second quarter and we took action.  We curtailed the activity associated with this securities lending and quantified the impact of the miscalculation.  Going forward, we are confident this is behind us.
 Turning to operating results in the quarter, our segment business fundamentals and performance were good, despite the challenges we face from volatile equity markets and declining interest rates, which I will discuss in detail later.  We had 3 notable milestones in the quarter:  the Columbia Management integration was completed within expectations, we announced our plans to transition our bank to a non-depository national trust bank, which I will discuss later, and we completed a major phase of transitioning advisors to the new brokerage platform.  In addition, we returned 428 million of capital to shareholders and maintained a strong balance sheet position.
 As you can see on Page 4, both revenues and earnings per share were affected by the current low rates and the volatile market situation.  Net revenues were also lower on a year-over-year basis by 27 million, reflecting the gain we had last year when we unwound an interest rate hedge.  Earnings per share were also lower on a year-over-year basis from the interest rate hedge and $0.26 per share of unusual items in the quarter.  Specifically, $0.18 per share was related to the tax items I just mentioned.  The remaining $0.08 per share was from the market impact on DAC and DSIC, catastrophe losses above expected levels, and the guaranteed fund assessments primarily related to Executive Life of New York.  Excluding these one-time items, earnings per share grew nicely, primarily reflecting the high level of share repurchase over the last 12 months.
 Turning to return on equity on Slide 5, this was also impacted by the aforementioned unusual items in the period.  The tax item in the quarter reduced ROE by approximately 50 basis points and the other discreet items reduced it by approximately 20 basis points.  Even in the difficult environment, if adjusted for unusual items in the quarter, our ROE would have been 15.9% which is consistent with last quarter.
 The low interest rate environment continues to put pressure on our results.  As you are aware, rates have continued to decline in 2012.  As a result, we updated our estimate of the earnings impact over the next couple of years.  Overall, we believe it is manageable.  Our current estimate for 2012 is that after-tax earnings will be about $55 million lower than last year, which is about $20 million higher than our original estimate in the third quarter of 2011 and higher than what I indicated last quarter.  Given how rates moved last year, about 2/3 of the estimated impact has already been realized in the first half of the year.  In 2013, low rates will reduce after-tax earnings by an additional $40 million.  In 2014, our rough estimate indicates that the incremental impact will be less than $10 million after-tax.  We will be re-pricing a large block of fixed annuities that are currently at a 1.5% guaranteed minimum interest rate, which will allow us to improve our spreads on this block of business.
 In advice and wealth management, we demonstrate strong underlying fundamentals, as Jim indicated, so our focus on margins in the quarter, which increased to 11.6% despite the headwinds we faced from the markets and the $10 million impact from lower year-over-year interest rates.  We are realizing the benefits of our strong expense discipline while still making important investments for the longer term business growth.
 Based on the low interest rates and market volatility, we now expect margins to be in the 11 to 11.5% range for the full year; however, the expense management initiatives we previously outlined are on track and will accelerate in the fourth quarter as the brokerage platform project is completed.  The bank exit in the fourth quarter will have a minimal impact to margins.
 On Slide 8, I will provide some additional information on our bank exit.  Earlier this month, we announced our plans to change our banking subsidiary by year-end, subject to regulatory approval.  As Jim said, this structure is more appropriate for our business mix and will give us more capital flexibility.  There will be approximately $20 million of non-operating expenses in 2012 and early 2013.  In addition, the transition frees up about 375 million in capital on a net balance basis.  Other balance sheet impacts are nominal.
 We estimate that this will reduce AWM earnings by 45 to $50 million in 2013 and decreased margins by 80 to 100 basis points on an annualized basis.  At the enterprise level, we anticipate that the impact to earnings per share will be immaterial, as we redeploy the excess capital to shareholders through share repurchase throughout 2013.
 Turning to asset management, we are feeling the impact from outflows we experienced last year, the industry shift from equity to fixed income, as well as the lower equity markets.  We are making good progress on managing expenses to partially offset revenue pressures.  On a sequential basis, earnings were stable despite market volatility and reflect good expense controls.  We completed the Columbia integration and are well positioned to grow this global business as we go forward.  As Jim said, the fundamentals around distribution and performance remain strong.
 In the near term, market conditions will keep margins at our current level for the full year or 33% to 34% on an adjusted basis, and 18% to 19% on an operating basis.  This is a change from what we provided last quarter primarily because of weak equity market performance in the quarter.
 Now let’s look more closely at asset management flows on Slide 10.  I wanted to provide an update on the large anticipated outflows primarily at Columbia that we discussed last quarter.  Last quarter, we expected to see 4.7 billion of outflows from former parent 401K, Balboa Insurance, and the loss of the New York 529 plan.  Our actual results were in line with these expectations, with some acceleration in outflows from Balboa Insurance assets.  $1.5 billion of AWM remains from Balboa, and we expect these outflows over the next few quarters.  Aside from these assets, we expect these large former parent company outflows are behind us.
 We continue to see about 900 million of outflows in our value and restructuring fund due to the retirement of the portfolio manager earlier this year.  It appears that this trend is now slowing.  We also saw continued outflows from a third party sub-advisor in the quarter.  Outflows in the closed block of insurance assets at Threadneedle represented the majority of Threadneedle’s outflows in the period.  As we look ahead to flows in the second half of the year, we are mindful that this is a challenging environment, as Jim described. Turning to annuities, earnings were also pressured by the operating environment.  DAC adjustments and several other items, including payments of the guaranty funds associated with Executive Life in New York.  Together, these reduced segment pre-tax operating earnings.  Variable annuity operating earnings were $83 million in the quarter, down from $88 million a year ago.  Results included unfavorable impacts from low interest rates and the market impact on DAC, partially offset by the fee increase on living benefit riders and lower distribution expenses.  For fixed annuities, operating earnings declined to $33 million, reflecting the $17 million from lower spreads and a $14 million unfavorable item from valuation model changes.
 Turning to protection, pre-tax operating earnings improved year-over-year by $17 million to $109 million.  Results were strong in life and health.  We had favorable life and disability claims experience in the quarter which were somewhat offset by unfavorable long-term care results.  We also released a $9 million life insurance IBNR reserve in the quarter.
 Our auto and home business remains strong with policy growth at 7%.  Catastrophe losses were 17 million in the quarter, which was 8 million above our expected levels of claims.  In the period last year, our catastrophe losses were $15 million, which is $11 million above our expected level of claims.
 Now let’s turn to our balance sheet, which remains very strong.  Our high-quality investment portfolio continues to perform well with only $8 million of impairments in the quarter.  We had minimal European exposure with no holdings of sovereign debt or financial institutions in financially troubled European countries.  Our hedge program remains over 95% effective and greatly reduces the risk associated with our variable annuity business.  We have 2 billion-plus of excess capital and 1.1 billion of free cash across the company.  The life company had an estimated RBC ratio of approximately 525%.
 Taking a closer look at capital returned to shareholders, in the quarter we continued to return significant capital to shareholders and have paid out 134% year-to-date.  As of the market close yesterday, our dividend yield was a strong 2.9%.  We repurchased $350 million of common stock and paid $78 million in dividends this quarter.  Going forward, we plan to return the majority of our earnings to shareholders, gradually increasing the mix between dividends and repurchases.
 In closing, Ameriprise continues to perform well despite a very challenging revenue environment.  This speaks to the resilience of our business model and our expense management discipline.  Our business mix continues to generate significant free cash flow, which we are returning to shareholders, and our excess capital position gives us enhanced flexibility.
 With that, I will open it up to your questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] And at this time, we have a question from Suneet Kamath from UBS. 
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to start with the revised guidance for advice and wealth of 11 to 11.5.  If I go back to last quarter’s conference call, Walter, I think—you know, I was just reading it just now, and the phrase that you were using was definitely achievable.  I think you said it’s not a walk in the park, but certainly to definitely achievable suggested some level of confidence.  Obviously this quarter the margin snapped up pretty nicely, so I guess I’m trying to figure out what exactly has changed in your thinking today versus what you saw in the first quarter, so I’ll start there. 
Walter Berman: I think the main thing, if you take at look at why I said it was achievable was because of the expense and the trajectory on the revenue at that time.  Since that time, we’ve seen the market come off and certainly there has been continued impact on the transactional activities.  We still believe it’s achievable within the 11 and 11.5, and we’re just going to move on through it.  The plans are working, and I think coming off the 12 is not really that big a deal when you’re talking about a situation that’s changed as much as it was when I last discussed. 
Suneet Kamath: Okay.  I mean, I guess if you just kind of do the math, you’re running at 10.7, I think, first half; so that would put you—to get to sort of 11, 11.5, I think that’d kind of put your second half at around 12.  So it kind of feels like maybe you just can’t overcome the tough first quarter where you were at 9.9.  Is that a reasonable read? 
Walter Berman: Yes, I think your read is right.  I don’t know if I would go as high on second half, but certainly the second half will have an improvement factor. 
Suneet Kamath: Okay.  And just to be clear, this 11 to 11.5 excludes the impact of exiting the bank since you’re going to have the bank for most of this year, so as we think about 2013, sort of the starting point is something like 10.1 to 10.6, and if that’s correct, I’m just wondering what the game plan is to try to get that margin higher, and where do you think it could go as we think about 2013? 
Walter Berman: All right, so there is a very marginal impact in ’12, okay, as it relates to the bank.  It was just taking place in the fourth quarter.  And always incorporated in the ’12 was the bank, and really it’s a phenomenon of it’s revenue to PTI relationships, which is quite high because of the net revenue calculation of interest less this deposit base expense that you have on the credit.  I think certainly we have, as Jim has said and we have said, we have momentum and we certainly look at the numbers and give guidance as it relates to the positioning; but the business is in good shape.  It is generating good margin, and we certainly have the fundamentals, we feel, in control.  So I’m not prepared to come up with a number right now, but certainly that would have to be factored because that was actually part of it when we actually came up with the 12. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Sumeet, this is Jim.  I think overall if we look at the underlying aspects of the AWM business, nothing actually has changed from even a year ago.  In fact, I would probably say that we’ve been able to manage through even a more difficult market with better margins overall, and I think to the end of the year, we continue to see the improvement on the expense side, as we said.  I think the only real change is that the markets are a bit more volatile.  People are a little more concerned as we go out of the year.  Unemployment is a little higher, so as you would imagine, people are holding a bit more cash.  Transactions are a bit down from what we were running at when things started to show the improvement.
 Interest rates, short-term rates from last year have come down.  I mean, it was 10 million just in the first quarter.  There is a bit more in the first quarter, second quarter was 10 million.  That alone is 100 basis points just in the quarter, and year-to-date it’s probably over 100 basis points.  So those are things that, again, we didn’t fully understand some of the impact of that when we chatted in November, and the change from April really is just due to the transaction revenue.  You’re right that we still think that the second half of the year will be closer to the 12 or a bit over, depending on the quarter, depending on activities.  But as we look out, the bank itself has added margin, and when we take that out, it will adjust the overall margin rate. But one of the things that’s very important to understand in that decision was it does free up a lot of capital, and a capital requirement that would have gone up a lot.  And I think as other institutions that have banking business and spread business in their AWM business, it’s going to be a change from where it was where that margin was not as driven by capital-intensive activities, and that will change.  So we think it was the right decision, and so on a margin-adjusted basis, I don’t think that we’re going to have any concerns to continue to make the progress.  Having said that, it does take a certain amount out of the margin base because the earnings in the bank did contribute to that margin. So I hope that helps to clarify, and I think Walter can lay that out in a little more detail as we go forward. 
Suneet Kamath: No, that’s helpful.  And again, I agree that the trade-off between a point of margin and sort of capital flexibility in terms of buyback is a trade-off that I would support as well. Just a quick follow-up on flows, the past couple quarters, we’ve been hearing about the institutional pipeline at Columbia being very strong and building, and I get some of the moving pieces this quarter in terms of former parent stuff.  But even if I back that out of the flows, it kind of looks sort of flattish.  I guess I’m just wondering when are we going to see that institutional pipeline start coming through in terms of turning those outflows into inflows.  Thanks. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, as we looked at the pipeline from last year, the pipeline has grown nicely.  Now, I think what has occurred in the pipeline is it’s sort of leveled off based on, again, the market situation over the last quarter or so.  Having said that, it hasn’t fallen, and as we look at the win rates and the percentages, it’s still doing quite well.  Having said that, we do have those redemptions that come in. Now part of the flow situation on the redemptions are things like the VNR fund and things like that, that are in there, part of the Bank of America pension fund activity.  So we had the outflows.  Part of that goes institutional, part retail. I would just say that I think, we’re holding our own in this market.  I think we’re getting more of our product out there with a broader, what I would call a line-up of institutions.  But things do take time, in a sense, to get some of the newer categories that we once did not sell into the institutional pipeline.  Having said that, we don’t see any negative, and as I speak to our institutional sales group, they actually feel pretty good about it.  So I think part of it is timing.  Funding rates as well, I mean, just as in Europe, we were having some good wins institutional, and then some of the funding rates just sort of dry up a little bit or are put on hold.  And so I do believe this environment does affect some of that activity, but I have not received any change from my people as far as what they’re seeing right now.  But the environment does have its effect. 
Operator: Our next question come from Jay Gelb from Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: For the buyback related to the capital release from the bank transition, should we consider that 375 over and above what you would typically do in 2013, i.e. 100% of earnings? 
Walter Berman: Actually, okay, it’s Walter.  Based on current plans, we would intend, as we indicated in the release, that we would offset the impact and that would presume that, again, depending on the circumstances that we would deploy that. 
Jay Gelb: Right, but it would be over and above your typical buyback, correct?  I just wanted to clarify that. 
Walter Berman: Yes.  [indiscernible], so therefore yes, we would be over and above typical. 
Jay Gelb: Okay.  And Walter, what gives you confidence in the ability to hit the target margins, particularly in asset and wealth as well as asset management?  What’s the risk of not achieving those? 
Walter Berman: Well as Jim said, the key foundation element is we are managing the expenses.  We’ve done that.  We’re going through the conversion, and the conversion expense will start tailing off in the fourth quarter.  And the other reengineering, we’re getting the improvement in the run rate, so we have a solid positioning on that. The flexibility items or the non-controllable items are the interest rates, as Jim mentioned, which again were at the low point.  If you look back, certainly as we get into the beginning of the year, we thought it would certainly be much higher; and then it’s the transaction, the environment, and the other situation.  So that is—clearly on the controllables, we feel comfortable and we are getting good productivity, and the question is where the markets are and the environment. Again, in asset management, good control of the expenses.  I think performance is excellent, and we are getting traction on the distribution side.  So for the things we control, we’re managing it and I think we’re getting good positioning. 
Jay Gelb: Okay.  And then on a separate issue, can you give us a sense of what the standalone return on equity is on the auto and home business? 
Walter Berman: Standalone return in the auto/home business is... 
Jay Gelb: So not for the overall protection unit, but... 
Walter Berman: It’s around -- figure between around 12% and 15%.  And again, remember it’s coming through now and it’s actually, it went through the situation, it improved, and actually on its current trajectory that, I would say, is the low base of it, and it’s on good positioning to the higher middle teens. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Blostein from Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Blostein: Wanted to follow up, Walter, on your comments around the bank and I guess the timing.  So when you think about the freed up capital, $375 million and you guys redeploying that into the buyback, I just want to clarify that is on top of your kind of normal buyback that you keep doing, and also what do you think is the timing of that?  So, you know, if you guys -- this year’s event or is it next year’s event?  Are you guys going to kind of spread it around over the next couple of quarters?  How should we think about that. 
Walter Berman: Okay, so let me be clear -- it’s our intention beyond the circumstance, it will be over and above.  Again, if you look at -- we talked about neutralizing or trying to certainly offset through the purchase -- utilization of the capital, the earnings that were lost from the bank, so that would -- you should assume, you know, again, we look at the opportunities with the stock and other things of that nature, so we don’t get to any set time frame but certainly we’re trying to be guided by trying to neutralize the impact of the lost profitability associated with the bank.  So on that basis, we gave you the numbers of somewhere between $45 million and $50 million pre-tax, and that, you should assume, is spread reasonably equally over the year. 
Alexander Blostein: And just I guess from the technical perspective, if that does, say, make you use up your buyback authorization sooner, what’s your flexibility on going back to the Board and asking for a bigger buyback?  Is that a quarterly event? 
Walter Berman: As we start approaching it, we certainly go back and demonstrate to the Board our ability to do that, so we have degrees of flexibility to present to the Board to get additional authorization. 
Alexander Blostein: Excellent.  And then shifting gears a little bit to AWM, it sounds like the pipeline of employee advisors is still pretty strong, and we’re seeing that, frankly, across the industry where the wire houses continue to lose some share.  Can you quantify the productivity of advisors that are coming in or the ones that you currently see in the pipeline versus your current book of business? 
Jim Cracchiolo: The average production of the people we’re recruiting over the last few quarters has actually been higher than the recruits that we did even previously, and we are finding that they are coming in with larger books of business.  Now, against our entire system, including the averages of the franchisee system, they’re probably in that realm of productivity.  If we look at the employee system, they’re on average a bit higher because, as you know, we still have some of the legacy novices further developing there.  But we believe that the level that we’re recruiting at now actually will give us a nice productivity lift as we continue to move forward raising the average of the employee system and in line with our franchisee system. 
Alexander Blostein: Got it.  And just a last one from me, Jim, in the past you talked about the level of frustration with the valuation in the stock.  Is there any strategic options that you guys could potentially consider or that would unlock some of the shareholder value? 
Jim Cracchiolo: You know, as I look at the company today, the thing that I would just say right now is I know we’re in a little difficult market, but when I compare the valuation against other companies, and I look at the earnings, I look at even the continued growth of those businesses over the last number of years and the profitability, I actually think we are undervalued to a large extent, even if I look at the annuity insurance business, based on the quality of that book and that it’s a proprietary book and system, and the returns that we achieve on that. So listen, I think over time it’s going to be recognized.  I do believe we are making the right amount of changes, so there is something that you can say as well, can you take something out of it and sell it, et cetera, and would that change you?  Yes, I think it could, but I don’t think you’d get the right value in this marketplace today, and in some cases it depends on who you sell to, whether you feel as comfortable with what you have in the end because even on the insurance book, you have your obligations out there. So I actually feel what we’re doing will get us to a much more, what I would call less capital intensive mix over time, and the growth that we are seeing in some of our businesses and the capabilities we’ve put in.  You know, if I look at asset management just as an example, I know we look at some of the flows quarter to quarter; but if you go back 2 years and look at what we had and what we have today as an asset management business, it’s materially different and the value we achieve there through that acquisition and integration, we have a great platform today -- a wide mix of product, good performance, wider distribution, international and domestic.  And our AWM business, I would match up against anyone in the growth there over the last number of years, and even the margins and profitability. So our annuity business has held up really well.  Our hedging is good.  We don’t have exposure based on how we actually managed that book and hedged it all through its growth, and our protection book is all proprietary and excellent in that regard.  So yes, we could make some changes, probably not in this environment; but having said that, I think the strategy we have will unlock that value and migrate us to, I think, a bit more of a higher PE business over time.  And as anything else, I think we’re all frustrated a little bit with the market, and so that frustration compounds the activity.  But I feel really good about it, and even though I don’t like this environment, I think it does affect us and I would like the business to show greater levels of growth.  I feel like we’re making, to Walter’s point, what we can do as the controllable to continue to improve the underlying value of the company, and in time maybe it will be recognized. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. 
Thomas Gallagher: First question for Walter, you had mentioned your Dodd-Frank interpretation in terms of the change in bank capital rules.  When you mention that your assessment of required capital would have gone up a lot from the 375 million, what order of magnitude were you talking about there?  I assume it would have to be substantial for you to have made this decision.  You know, were you looking at doubling or tripling of required capital, just to give us range, order of magnitude? And then related to that, can you talk about any potential risks to actually exiting the current structure, or do you expect that you’re going to be able to get this done without any angst? 
Walter Berman: Okay, let me start with the second part.  It’s a big undertaking, but I think we’ve done our planning and I think we had the necessary valuations done and operational capabilities put in place.  We are targeting to do that through—once we get regulatory approval in the fourth quarter, and I think we see everything working as of now and we feel confident that it will take place subject, again, to regulatory approval. As relates to capital, it’s a fairly fluid situation, so therefore you’re evaluating it but certainly different signaling from it, if you headed to the various Basel conventions and how it would be applied, it would be a substantial capital impact, because you were a depository-taking institution on the entire institution.  That was certainly where it seemed like it was leaning, and so therefore we looked at this and started evaluating to put in place and ensure that we can provide the capabilities to our customers and do this in the most effective way, and that’s what has taken place.  But we felt it would be a fairly substantial impact on the other businesses that, in some respects, could make us non-competitive. 
Thomas Gallagher: Got it.  And I guess as I think about your own advice and wealth management post-this transaction going forward, is it fair to say that right now, you’ve got a little bit of a mix between fee and spread, mainly fee, but then there’s a spread component.  Are we going to have any spread-based component of earnings left in advice and wealth management post-this transaction? 
Walter Berman: Sure we will.  We have the sweep account where there’s $14 billion.  That obviously creates a substantial opportunity for us as the short rates change.  We also have the certificate company which has about $3 billion, $3.5 billion in it.  It’s been with us, actually, more than I can remember, it got here before I did.  And those are excellent opportunities, and it’s certainly an important product for our customer base. 
Thomas Gallagher: Got it.  And Jim, can you comment on just the balance that you’re thinking about right now in terms of capital deployment between the M&A environment, buybacks and dividends? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say as we left last year, based on what we thought may be some good properties out there, I was probably a bit more enthusiastic on the M&A front.  Based on looking at some of those various properties, et cetera, I’m probably not as enthusiastic, as you can see, we haven’t really done anything.  And from that perspective, we’ve been picking up the buyback a bit more and raising the dividend; and as Walter said, we’re going to continue to look at the dividend and the buyback mix.  We have over the last 6 quarters gone from even the idea of what we said about returning roughly all of our earnings to 130% of our earnings, and we’ve sort of picked that up again. So at this point in time, I would probably say we’re leaning more in the return to shareholders rather than the acquisition.  I’m not saying that something might not come along that might be good, appropriate for us strategically or of value; but we do have the capital on hand to do that and still maintain a good level of buyback and dividend increases.  So that’s the way I would probably look at it, and again, it’s always a situation that changes a little bit.  But one of the things that we -- in this market situation with our stock where it is, it’s a good price. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets. 
Eric Berg: My first question relates to the decision to change the legal format of your financial institution.  I purposely say change the legal format because institution business, you’re changing, as I understand it, the legal entity or the legal nature of it.  So my question is what are the specific businesses that you will be leaving that you would otherwise have been in, that will result in this loss of 45 to $50 million pre-tax in earnings?  What won’t you—go ahead, I’m sorry. 
Jim Cracchiolo: The only business that we’re leaving is the banking business as a depository institution.  So in the bank, we developed the bank, it was a national chartered bank.  It takes deposits as well as makes loans.  Some of those loans, we kept on balance sheet; some we sold off balance sheet, like mortgages, et cetera.  In that regard, if we maintain that legal entity status, we are a savings and loan holding company under the new regulations, and that causes us to be subject as a legal entity to certain capital requirements that go sometimes beyond what that legal entity itself.  So not only do the capital requirements for the legal entity would go up, but it may affect the rest of the institution as well.  And again, the signal coming out in the various capital requirements that you’re starting to see be made public, as we evaluated that fully, we didn’t think it would be appropriate for us to subject the entire entity for the businesses we’re in.  We’d rather have the ability to grow those businesses as they are currently set up. So the only thing we’re changing is that we’re moving the bank charter to a national trust charter so we can still do trust services.  It won’t have the extra capital requirements per se; it’s just for that business, appropriate.  And it gives us the ability to continue to build the businesses as we have in the past.  And so that’s it, nothing else has changed.  We’re not leaving any other businesses outside of the banking business. 
Walter Berman: Yes, I just wanted to say we are still going to be offering the services, it will just be through third parties so the capabilities to our customer base is still there. 
Eric Berg: My second question relates to your outlook for margins in your asset management business.  You’re saying that -- I think you said in your prepared remarks and your slides that you anticipate margins for the full year to be consistent with those in the first half of the year.  But of course, and a question, isn’t that entirely dependent on what happens in the market in the second half of this year?  I mean, it’s still quite early, we haven’t finished the first month of the third quarter.  I’m trying to understand if you’re telling me that there’s been a modest degradation in the margins from your original expectations that sort of is unlikely to be reversed, irrespective of what happens in the market, or will margins for the full year very much be a function of what the market does in the second half of the year? 
Walter Berman: I think, Eric, what we are saying is this when we -- and to be very fair for you, is when we actually gave you the idea of the margins, we were in a certain market situation with the idea that markets would appreciate, okay?  And so to be very honest, as the first quarter, and you’ve even asked the questions that said, well, why are you coming off?  What’s changed in your margin outlook?  And so what has changed is the environment a bit more.  Equity markets have come down a lot.  Volatility has affected flows and client activity, and the same thing in the asset management business.  I mean, we run a lot of equity assets, and so with the market depreciating a bit, it does impact that margin.  It goes right to the margin and the bottom line. So yes, we have adjusted that based on those market conditions.  Also, the effect that those market conditions have on equity flows, I don’t think—again, as we looked at the beginning of the year, I think the whole industry, including us, would say, hey, it looks like equity asset flows are starting to pick up again, that’s good.  I think you have seen just again in the second quarter that flows have really been in fixed income.  And so that exactly is the reason -- fixed income products don’t have as high margins as equity, even if you do get the flows, and the mix does cause a depreciation if the markets are down against the entire -- you know, if we look at the large base of equity assets. In the AWM business, it really is the client activity coming out and the lower interest rates, and so those are the only 2 changes.  So even as I look at third quarter, I think we’ll be in similar type of margin ranges, but the fourth quarter we see, if things just continue to hold, the pickup—because as we said, some of the expenses will go away in the systems that will start to boost the margin in again. So it is very hard to put that as a finite to your point, which is very accurate, that we don’t know the market conditions for the next 2 quarters.  The only thing we can say is based on what we’re seeing today, we hope they will get better; but if they don’t, we are just trying to give you a little better of what that would mean. 
Eric Berg: And I guess just one final point that just came into my head that I wanted to ask you, would it be right to say that margins in the asset management business in the third quarter are really not independent of margin activity in the second quarter, that the quarters are linked in the sense that if you start from a lower -- if you start the third quarter from a lower base than you had anticipated because the second quarter was poor, that’s going to influence third quarter margins.  Am I thinking about the economics and the relationship between the quarters correctly? 
Jim Cracchiolo: Absolutely, because your asset base starts at a lower level and therefore your fees start to be booked consistently from that.  It just doesn’t get booked at the end of the quarter wherever the market ends. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we have a question from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel: I want to follow up a little bit on the asset management margin, and I’m going to use the GAAP margin that I guess in the first half of the year is slightly over 18%.  I’m just thinking about that margin versus, for instance, the margin on a core basis ex-some of the one-timers in 2011, which I think was about 18.8%.  You know, the market’s up on average about 6% in the first half of this year, the equity market, versus the full year last year, and your average assets are up about 2% in the first half of this year versus the full year last year, yet your margin is down about 70 basis points and it doesn’t sound like it’s going to get much higher from there.  So I guess I’m sort of struggling with the same thing Eric is in that I’m just trying to understand where the scale benefits are here and the integration saves.  I don’t -- I’m struggling with that. 
Walter Berman: Okay.  It’s Walter.  Let me start with certainly if you use the S&P, you would say that the market is up 3% on average for the half a year, but unfortunately our asset base isn’t really geared to the S&P exclusively, so we use a weighted equity index and that is actually down.  That’s down 1%, so I think that is part of your delta situation that you have from that standpoint, and that is putting pressure on the margins because you have also had to shift, as Jim said, from equities to fixed, which is there.  And as we also mentioned, this is the first quarter we have the impact of the 529 plan from New York. So we do believe we’re tracking, and expense reengineering and revenue reengineering will be coming through, so we think we are on track.  Certainly the market has been problematic, the mix has been problematic from that standpoint, so we think it’s understandable and we are able to calibrate, and we feel we’re tracking within our expectations. 
John Nadel: And then just, I’m not sure if you addressed this earlier, and maybe the answer is none, but just a quick question on, so it sounds like all of the previously highlighted one-time type large outflows have now taken place, with maybe some remaining from Balboa.  I’m just wondering is that correct? 
Walter Berman: That is correct.  There’s about 1.5 billion left on Balboa. 
John Nadel: Okay, and just the question is, is there any new sizeable or one-time type mandates that you’ve either won or lost?  I know you mentioned South Carolina’s 529 plan, but anything else to think about as we look forward? 
Walter Berman: Again, there has been—certainly some of the mandates being funded are less, and nothing that I would say is sizeable at this stage.  But because the market has certainly impacted the level that we had, certainly Middle East mandates come in at a lesser level, and there have been some, there are certainly outflows.  But the issue is at this stage, we’re just tracking it. 
Operator: This concludes the time that we have for our question and answer session.  I will now turn the call back to Jim Cracchiolo for closing remarks. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you.  First of all, we appreciate you listening in this morning as well as for your questions.  If there are any other follow-up questions or information that you need, please contact Alicia and Chad and they’ll walk you through or give you some additional information that will help you.
 As I said, listen, we’re in a fluid situation with the markets, et cetera.  Having said that, I think we’re in a good situation in the underlying business.  I can’t with accuracy predict quarter to quarter, and that’s not my job.  What is my job is to continue to, with my team, keep navigating the environment in a good, strong way, which I think we have been over the last number of years, and we feel good about our ability to do that.  We do see, even though it’s not as apparent, we do see good progress being made in each of the businesses.  We would like to see the flows in the asset management business improve, but I do believe part of it is getting over the hump with the integration, which we have now.  We will still experience some challenges, ins and outs with the flows.  We run a very large business with a number of different venues, but having said that, I think we’re gaining some underlying traction.  I think it’s feeling positive in that sense and we’ve got a solid core now from which we can build.
 And in regard to our other businesses, I do believe in this environment there’s always concern, particularly around some of the protection-type businesses, but I would say to you that we feel very confident and comfortable with the businesses we have, with the books that we put on, with the client behavior that we have; and we feel particularly based on our capital position and hedging and strategy that we’re in good shape.
 So thank you and we’ll continue to keep our focus, and if there’s anything else that you may need to know, please contact us.  Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen.  This concludes today’s conference.  Thank you for participating.  You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia A. Charity – Investor Relations James M. Cracchiolo – Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Walter S. Berman – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analyst: Andrew Kligerman – UBS John Nadel – Sterne Agee Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co. Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Eric Berg – RBC Capital Market Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the first quarter 2012 earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity. 
Alicia A. Charity : Welcome to Ameriprise Financial’s first quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks we’ll be happy to take your questions. During the call you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2011 annual report to shareholders, or our 2011 10K Report. We undertake no obligation to update publically or to revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo : Thank you for joining us for our first quarter earnings discussion. Let’s begin with my overview of the business performance in the quarter and then Walter will discuss our financial results in more detail. Afterwards, we’ll take your questions.  As we look at the quarter the business is performing well. Fee based business growth is offsetting interest rate pressure and we continue to differentiate Ameriprise with our ability to return capital to shareholders. The fundamentals of our business are good. Client assets and retail flows are strong and we’re helping our clients manage through an unsettled economic environment.  While our clients are reentering the market a bit more in recent months, they remain cautious and continue to prioritize capital preservation. The markets while improved still present challenges. US and European average equity markets were only up slightly compared to a year ago and the low interest rate effects on the industry were evident in our results as well. On an operating basis for the quarter, net revenues were up 1% to $2.5 billion, EPS increased 9% to $1.45, and return on equity excluding AOCI rose to 16% from 14.9% a year ago. Our balance sheet and capital remain among the strongest in the industry. With our capital position we have the flexibility to both invest for business growth and return significant capital to shareholders. During the quarter we returned 109% of our operating earnings to shareholders through share repurchases and higher dividends. We continue to buy back our shares at a healthy pace with 5.4 million shares purchased in the quarter for $300 million.  Meanwhile, we’ve been increasingly focused on raising our dividend as a portion of capital returned. As part of our plan, we declared another quarterly dividend increase yesterday boosting our quarterly dividend 25%. Over the past 12 months, we have announced three quarterly dividend increases which in total nearly doubled our dividend in a short period of time. Our dividend growth now brings our implied dividend yield to approximately 2.6% which puts us in very good company. In fact, in terms of total capital returned to shareholders, we are a leader among the S&P 500 financials. In 2011, we were in the top quintal of the S&P financial companies for return of capital. We returned almost three times the capital of the average company. I feel very good about our capital position and our strategy to increase total shareholder return. We’re generating strong free cash flow to reinvest in the business and return to shareholders. We intend to return the majority of our earnings to shareholders annually and increase the mix between dividends and repurchases gradually as we maintain our capital strength and flexibility to navigate periods of economic and market stress. Now, let’s review our business segment performance. First advice and wealth management; we’ve consistently invested in our advisory business transforming it into a powerful growth platform. We’ve expanded both the earnings power and the profitability of the business by serving more mass affluent and affluent clients and growing advisor productivity. Through our targeted growth investments, we’ve set a nice springboard for our advisory business.  Our national television advertising presence continues and we were recently recognized with a David Ogilvy Award for excellence in advertising research. This year, we’ll complete our new brokerage platform implementation, a significant technology project that we began over a year ago. As we proceed through the next two quarters, we expect to convert more than 6,000 advisors to the new platform with the related technology expenses wrapping up later this year. We’re also having very good success recruiting experienced advisors with attractive books of business. Advisors are increasingly attracted to the value we offer and the values we stand for. During the quarter, 117 experienced advisors joined Ameriprise which was one of our strongest recruiting quarters yet. Combined with the excellent stability and satisfaction of our legacy advisors, our advisor force is growing.  These initiatives are translating into solid business metrics. We’re growing our core client base. [Inaudible] net inflows were the strongest since before the financial crisis and retail client assets increased nicely to $334 billion at the end of the quarter. We’re always focused on driving advisor productivity growth. We finished last year at a record high and we’re not stopping there. At the end of the first quarter, advisor productivity is measured by operating net revenue per advisor was up 5% sequentially.  In terms of segment financial results, our fee based business growth offset the very real impact of low interest rates. As we reach year end, our brokerage investments will be behind us which will provide some margin relief. While I remain optimistic about the economic recovery, we’re still operating in a fragile environment and limited by very low rates that will remain with us for quite some time. However, when rates eventually rise, our advisory business will realize even greater earnings power. Now, I’ll move on to asset management. Two years ago next week, we acquired Columbia Management and began a large scale integration. Today, the integration is essentially complete. We have outstanding talent and excellent business and global growth opportunities putting us in an attractive position going forward. We ended the quarter with $463 billion in assets under management and offer broad and high performing product lines. Our teams at Columbia and Thread Needle continue to produce good investment performance including strong fixed income performance and improved domestic and international equity results. In fact, five Columbia mutual funds recently received Lipper Fund Awards as top performers in their respective categories.  In terms of flows in the quarter, we experienced $4.6 billion in net outflows that included $2.3 billion of Bank America 401K assets that we previously discussed. We also experienced outflows in funds sub advised by third party and from planned retirement of one of our fund managers. We have great confidence in the new team at the helm. Adjusted for these components, Columbia’s underlying retail funds would have been in net inflows.  Looking forward we expect additional outflows in the second quarter from Bank America’s 401K plan and the New York 529 plan. Walter will walk you through these pieces. Remember, when we acquired Columbia we knew it would take time for the combined businesses to settle down and reestablish a new baseline. I feel we’re nearing that point. It’s important for you to see the underlying trends and why I’m confident about our asset management growth prospects for many reasons.  Our wholesaling and client service teams are gaining traction. Our investment performance is strong reflected in our more than 110 four and five star Morningstar funds across Columbia and Threadneedle. Columbia is generating retail net inflows in fixed income as well as net inflows in our focus funds and we’re picking up momentum at US Trust and in many of our key intermediary platforms.  Threadneedle is building good momentum with retail sales recovering nicely. Our institutional win rate for finals remains very good and we continue to add to a strong new business pipeline. Finally, Columbia and Threadneedle are operating collaboratively to capture global growth opportunities. When you look at our asset management business the key message is this, we’re getting over the hump, the business is nearing its new baseline from which we can build in the future.  Now, I’ll move on to annuities and insurance. The annuities business had a good quarter and continues to perform in line with our expectations both in terms of its financials and risk controls. We offer our annuity products as income solutions not commodities. They are critical retirement products and since we focus ourselves through our advisors, we know our clients better. The business is generating good returns and we’re able to grow the business prudently.  In terms of metrics, variable annuity net inflows in the Ameriprise channel were $333 million down slightly from a year ago considering we increased rider fees to better balance the economics of the product and we announced a new variable annuity with living benefits which utilizes a managed volatility fund.  With regard to fixed annuities, we remain in net outflows because of the rate environment. In protection we have good books of business that generate solid earnings and provide steady contributions to our diversified business. Our life and health products are instrumental in fulfilling the comprehensive needs of our clients. We have strong underwriting and have built a stable book with $191 billion in life insurance in force.  The industry has faced a difficult operating environment over the past several years, however, we’re starting to see a pickup in new business driven by our new universal life insurance product. In the auto and home business we go to market as a low cost provider to the mass affluent. While the auto and home business experienced significant weather related claims last year, the business results have returned to more normal levels. We’re generating solid growth and profits in the quarter and our policy counts were up a steady 7%.  I feel good about the risk characteristics and the returns in our insurance and annuity businesses. Overall, Ameriprise continues to be in a strong position and we’re making good consistent progress in executing our strategy and helping people gain confidence in their financial future. The economy in the United States is slowly recovering and while investors have started to return to the market, they remain cautious as they try to achieve decent returns in this low growth environment. The continued low interest rate environment creates challenges and the regulatory environment is evolving. At Ameriprise we’re very conscious about the operating environment and its effect on our revenues and we rely on our expense discipline to offset revenue pressure. We remain focused on realizing the benefits of our reengineering program to fund growth investments and help contribute to the bottom line.  As I shared in my opening, Ameriprise is performing well. Our business remains strong and diversified. We will continue to invest appropriately to capture future growth opportunities. We’re delivering good returns while generating significant free cash flow and we’re differentiating the company with our strong client focus, capital strength, flexibility, and ability to return capital to shareholders.  Now, I’ll turn it over to Walter.
Walter S. Berman : I wanted to start by providing some context for our results in the quarter. While markets improved on a sequential basis, on a year-over-year basis we did not get much lift from the equity markets as the S&P was up only 3% on average. The weighted equity index which is weighted to our products was up just 1% and is more reflective of the impact of markets on our results. We also continue to experience significant headwinds from a rate perspective.  You can see on page four how this impacted results on a year-over-year basis. Operating net revenues were up slightly while operating EPS was up 9% in the quarter reflecting the impact of prior year share repurchases. Underlying business fundamentals were strong. As Jim outlined, we are seeing good traction on the business metrics that should translate into future business growth. Our operating results in the first quarter reflected the impact of a low rate operating environment and a higher operating effective tax rate as well as continued investments for growth initiatives and strong execution of our capital management programs. As we told you in Q3 we were anticipating lower pre-tax earnings of $55 million from the impact of low interest rates in 2012. Based on this number, which could increase, we realized more than 60% in the first quarter. We had modest operating growth reflecting the continued headwinds from low interest rates in both advice and wealth management and in annuities. Total operating expense growth was 1% as higher expenses from growth initiatives in brand, technology, and experience advisor recruiting were offset by lower expenses in variable annuities from [inaudible] reversion and model enhancements. Overall, expenses remained well controlled. Let’s go to the next slide. Operating earnings and EPS increased by 9% and 11% respectfully in the quarter. This sequential improvement was due to equity market improvement, limited incremental interest rate impact, and lower expenses. We also began realizing initial benefits from our reengineering initiatives. Turning to operating return on equity, we also had good progression, up 110 basis points to 16% versus a year ago.  We achieved this through a combination of earnings growth as well as capital redeployment. Our balance sheet remains strong due to our continued focus on enterprise risk management. Our investment portfolio is high quality with only $6 million of impairments in the quarter. As we have said, we have no holdings of sovereign debt in financially troubled European countries. We ended the quarter with over $2 billion of excess capital. Our RBC ratio is approximately 525% and our hedge program remains effective. We continue to return capital to shareholders at a strong pace as you can see on Slide Seven. We paid out 109% of earnings to shareholders this quarter through a combination of share repurchase and dividends. As Jim indicated, in 2011 we were in the top 20% of the S&P 500 financials in total return of capital to shareholders. This is from our strong excess capital and free cash flow generation. Based on this strong position, we announced yesterday our decision to increase the quarterly dividend by 25%. Over the past 12 months we have announced three dividend increases which represent a 94% increase on a cumulative basis. Going forward, we plan to return the majority of our earnings to shareholders gradually increasing the mix between dividends and repurchases. Turning to segment results, advice and wealth management demonstrated good progress in key business metrics. We had the strongest quarter for wrap net inflows since the financial crisis. We recruited more experienced advisors than we have since 2009 and we continued to have strong advisor retention and productivity. However, we continue to face headwinds from the interest rate environment which impacted year-over-year earnings by $11 million.  We’re continuing to make investments that position us for strong growth in the future, building our brand and the experience advisors, and transitioning our advisors to a new brokerage platform. As we look to the end of the year, the brokerage platform expenses will begin to taper off and you will also start to see the benefit of our expense reengineering efforts. However, in the current quarter, this elevated level of expense combined with headwinds of a low interest rate environment pressured earnings and margins. We are comfortable that we are making the right investments for the longer term. Margins improved sequentially and if markets remain at current levels we will be able to drive gradual margin improvement. Margin expansion results from improvement in revenues from increased asset levels which should benefit from our successful experience advisor recruiting. Expense controls and reengineering will also improve margins. Turning to asset management, here we are feeling the impact from outflows we experienced last year. This is particularly evident in the retail channel at Columbia where AUM is down 2% from last year. This is driving 4% lower operating revenues and is pressuring earnings and margins. On a sequential basis, earnings improved in line with higher markets if you exclude the CDO gain from the fourth quarter. We’re encouraged by early indicators. Retail flows have improved which I will detail shortly. Importantly, expenses remain well controlled. Performance, a lean indicator of future flows, remains strong and improved this quarter across both equity and fixed income style funds at both Columbia and Threadneedle.  Turning to flows, we are seeing a number of dynamics impacting results. Former parent outflows are within expectation with a total of approximately $2.3 billion this quarter in retail and $300 million in institutional. Like the industry, we’re seeing strong inflows for fixed income and facing headwinds in equity funds. This trend is compounded by a concentration of equity funds that are sub advised where we have seen outflows over the past few quarter due to weak performance.  The remaining Columbia retail assets have inflows of $200 million even after over $900 million of outflows related to the retirement of a portfolio manager. While this plan did result in a few large clients moving their assets. Institutional flows at Columbia were challenging. While we are seeing some inflows from our growing pipeline in the third party channel, we had large outflows in portfolios that we sub advise and $500 million due to the portfolio manager retirement I previously mentioned. At Threadneedle, retail flows were strong though we did see some pullback in the first quarter that leads us to believe that retail flows may not be as strong in the second quarter. In institutional we saw $800 million of outflows primarily from Zurich which is consistent with our prior periods.  I wanted to provide an update on the former parent related end of our outflows at Columbia that were discussed in February when we told you that we anticipated about $9 billion of outflows in 2012 with the specific timing a bit unclear. In the first quarter we had $2.4 billion of former parent outflows. In the second quarter we expect an additional $5 billion of outflows at Columbia from the about $9 billion we previously identified.  In Q2 we expect $2.2 billion of former parent 401K outflows, $500 million of outflows from [Balboa], as well as the previously announced loss of the New York 529 program. While we completed the Zurich owned asset retender last year, Zurich’s pension assets which we currently manage are being retendered and we’re participating in this process. We may seek some outflows as they seek to diversify managers. Turning to annuities, we had good earnings growth driven by variable annuities offset by the expected decline in fixed annuities. Variable annuity operating earnings increased 34% to $133 million pre-tax and included $30 million of benefits from new reversion and model enhancements over last year offset by $8 million in impact from interest on fixed accounts. We will be introducing a new variable annuity product in May and initial feedback from advisors indicate that it is being well received.  For fixed annuities, operating earnings declined 23% year-over-year to $56 million reflecting the anticipated decline in spreads as well as the gradually shrinking block of business. On a sequential basis, earnings were flat adjusting for an unfavorable EIA adjustment of $8 million in the fourth quarter.  Turning to protection, life and health operating earnings declined year-over-year primarily from long term care claims and lower investment income from the dividends paid to the parent. Auto and home fundamentals and profitability are back to historical levels. We are growing auto and home business with 7% policy growth and we are seeing good traction with our Infinity partners.  In closing, we delivered solid financial results in the quarter and we are continuing to see improvement in our business fundamentals. Our investment in growth initiatives and reengineering should drive benefits throughout the year. Our balance sheet is strong and we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase.  With that, we will open it up to your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Kligerman – UBS.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: A couple of question on asset management; back in November I think the pre-tax margin was targeted at about 23% but then earlier in the year of 2012 you dialed it down to about 20% to 21% and what we saw this quarter was 18.4% so are you still confident we could see 20% to 21% by the end of the year? And, maybe just a little color around that?
Walter S. Berman : I think we are expecting that we’ll be in that range. We do see that some of the reengineering that we were talking about before will start taking hold and also we’ll start getting some revenue margin improvement as we progress through the year. So we do see that as achievable, yes.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS:  Then just as I looked at assets under management, it was $344 billion up sequentially versus the last quarter about 5.5% which is a nice move and the revenue line at $711 million was up about 1% and I think maybe last quarter you had a CDO gain of about $11 million so that would have been an extra 1% this quarter. But, do you think you’ll get the pickup in revenue commensurate with those AUM as we move into the second quarter?
Walter S. Berman : Yes, I think we will and there’s a couple of things as you look through it. Obviously, there’s been a shift to more fixed income which has certainly affected that and we’re beginning to see hopefully that trend line moving back which will give us higher yield. Also, as you mentioned the CDO gain certainly on a sequential basis, it increased the management fee basis points. Also, we had some losses on our alternatives which is certainly a high profit aspect, that performance is improving and we’ll see that hopefully start improving there. And, we are reengineering not just on the expense, looking at the revenue line too so we think the prospects are good there.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Then just lastly, on a consolidated basis sequentially expenses general and admin were about $775 million barely up from the fourth quarter. You talked about a lot of different moving parts but it sounds like you could even keep expenses pretty flattish during the year and maybe even get down after you stop investing in brokerage IT at the end of the year. Is that the right way to look at it?
Walter S. Berman : We’re certainly controlling the expenses as we’ve indicated and certainly as we look at the circumstances we’re cognoscente of the margins so we are managing the expenses and we have, as Jim said, put in place a reengineering effort. We always have one but we certainly have accelerated some of that which will start taking a hold. I’m not going to give you a number we’re going to be flat and up because that will change as we said what we allow goes to the bottom line or not depending on the circumstances, but certainly we’re very focused on the G&A line.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Nadel – Sterne Agee.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the margin and I guess more specifically on the fee rate and I know Walter in response to Andrew’s question you were just talking a little bit about the fixed income versus equities maybe some positive impact moving forward from some improvement at the alternative or the hedge funds but the fee rate, if I look at management fees in asset management, that came down a lot from what was a more recent trend, maybe three or four basis points lower than we’ve seen and that’s a pretty meaningful driver. I mean, should we expect that that bounces right back up to the trended levels that we saw last year or is there some reason we should expect that that remains somewhat pressured?
Walter S. Berman : Well, there’s a couple of things happening. First, as we merge funds, as we indicated we would have revenue denigration from that of one or two basis points and that has occurred and that was what was in our discussion. So that’s what you see taking place because it worked its way through. As Andrew mentioned we had the CDO gains, certainly looking at the fourth quarter which certainly distorted the revenue mix and margin in the fourth quarter and that was fairly substantial. That was also a disclosed item. And, we had a fee day shift between the first quarter last year and this year there’s a differential of one day each.  Now, as it relates to it, we do see that it should start improving as I explained because we do believe that we will hopefully start seeing that mix of equities portion going up and starting to get a better return on that and the alternative is performing better and the reengineering I do believe will start giving us benefits as we get towards the latter part of 2012. So I think it’s not going to immediately bounce but certainly I think we’re on a good trend line.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Then just maybe shifting to advice and wealth management, you know there’s a lot of moving parts, you’ve got the timing of some of the expense coming off from the brokerage platform and implementation, you’ve got some higher cost obviously with some better experienced advisor recruiting. I’m just trying to get a sense if we could revisit the 12% margin target for advice coming in just shy of 10% this quarter, is that 12% margin target for 2012 and I believe it was a full year target, is that something that you still view as achievable and how do we get there?
Walter S. Berman : Yes, you’re correct it was a full year target and as you saw we increased nicely sequentially. I do believe as we look at the trajectory of the expenses as Jim indicated, we certainly were in the midst of our advertising launch and we will still continue to advertise, we’ll obviously gage that. The brokerage platform will trail off in the fourth quarter as I indicated on that investment side and it is a good thing on the EAR we are certainly attracting, as my comments and Jims about high quality EAR and also the number so that does get an initial expense. Hopefully, that will continue actually, I think that will be a good thing. But I do believe, with the combination of events that we see and starting to get benefits from the EARs coming in that the 12% is definitely achievable. It’s not a walk in the part but it certainly is achievable.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: And to the extent that there’s a shortfall there versus that 12% it sounds like maybe the experienced advisor recruiting is going better than you expected and I’d have to imagine from a sort of decision making, longer term decision making perspective, you’d take that trade off right? You’d take those higher expenses this year and maybe modest margin shortfall to grow your experienced advisor counts?
Walter S. Berman : I agree with you, it’s a high class problem.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just one more follow up on expenses. Walter, I appreciate your comments on reengineering and a couple of moving pieces there, but if you look at the G&A up sequentially is the $750 this quarter, do you think this is kind of a high watermark and from here the G&A line should at least stay flat or at least trend a little down or is there room still I guess for that number to go up as you guys implement different initiatives?
Walter S. Berman : We have the capability to manage the number and as I’ve indicated we have instituted programs and you will see that reengineering build. The question then is what we do with it as we look at the market and the opportunities so I don’t want to forecast on a particular number, but certainly with the elements we said we’re driving through, the launch of the advertising program, the brokerage platform, and the EAR expense, those are elements that we’re concentrating on but we are managing the other aspects of it but we will then gage how much we will potentially allow some of that to flow through the bottom line then or be invested. But, we’ll have to gage the situation but certainly we have the ability to manage the expenses within the ranges that you’re talking about.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Shifting gears a little bit on the capital management, obviously very strong returns here again and Jim to your point, you guys raised the dividend a number of times in the last year so considering your comments with the majority of earnings still being paid out on a quarterly basis, do you think another dividend is possible? Not to get overly greedy here, but towards the end of the year and how you balance that versus the buybacks?
James M. Cracchiolo : We’ll we clearly are looking to return to shareholders. We feel we are in a very good situation to do that based on the mix of businesses and the free cash that we’re generating and as we saw last year, we know that dividends have become a more important vehicle for our investors at this point in time so we want to continue to gage that. Of course, we’re looking at what may come in the future with tax rates and other things, so we don’t want to get too far out on the curve, but as you saw we’re very open to continue. What we’ve tried to do since we became a public company was increase our dividend every year and there’s only one year we missed on that which was right at the heat of the financial crisis. But, we didn’t cut our dividend we maintained everything and as you saw we came back quickly with buybacks. But, we think dividends are an important part of the return back formula and will be possibly even more important so we will keep an eye towards that to continue to look for potential increases but we’ll also evaluate what’s appropriate for what investors may be interested in.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Than just one last one for me on flows, could you guys comment on the AUM I guess and the value under structured fund where you had a senior PM retire how much of AUM you think is potentially still at risk or if you could kind of look at the client dial with the new team do you think the majority of those outflows are behind us, or you could see a little more trickle in to the second quarter?
James M. Cracchiolo : I think you all understand that it’s always hard to predict. The gentleman retiring, Dave Williams, was a long term PM as part of the US Trust business originally when Bank America acquired it so he had a very good following. I think his fund, even over the long haul had excellent performance. It did suffer over the last two years a bit based on his investment style and that’s coming back and came back towards the latter part of the year. But, having said that, sometimes assets flow when the PM changes.  We have an excellent PM and team that was part taking over for Dave, a Guy Pope. We feel very good about his ability to continue the longer term performance that Dave did have there over the long term. But having said that, sometimes those are lumpy. As an example, in the first quarter we had a big out in one of the sub advised, $500,000 because of that change. So I can’t predict what may continue in the second quarter. Having said that, we have a good team there, a good manager, people recognize Guy Pope’s performance, etc., so we’re hoping that will improve and sustain the business but there may be a few other lumpiness based on model changes. But that was one of the things that impacted us in the first quarter.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Could you update us on your view on M&A potential including The Hartford has its broker/dealer operation on the block? Just whether you have general or specific comments?
James M. Cracchiolo : Well, I think in general in M&A we thought at the latter part of last year there may be some properties coming out that we might have some interest in. Having said that, as we reviewed through those various properties, etc., it was less for what we thought as we move forward was appropriate for us. I think there will be some things that come out, we don’t think they’re significant.  You mentioned the broker/dealer out of Hartford. I think that’s a smaller opportunity and I can’t comment on it. I don’t have the information on that at this point in time but what I would say is we’ll continue to look at things that may be appropriate for us but we don’t see anything large on the horizon per say that in some way would change what we’ve just discussed with you as far as our strategy and return to shareholders, etc. But, if there are some opportunities, even if smaller that fit in neatly that wouldn’t jeopardize our strategy and where we’re moving, we’ll look at them and see if they’re appropriate for us that would give us some additional value.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Our next question was on the impact from interest rates. Walter, I believe you mentioned that at the outset of the year you were looking at a $55 million impact from lower interest rates but it seemed that you were thinking that could have upside?
Walter S. Berman : I think certainly the forward curve took that away and pronouncements from the Fed and there certainly does change that trajectory and as we indicated, I think I indicated something like $35 million of incremental after tax interest expense which is something like $55 pre and we actually had the majority of that hit us in the first quarter as we talked about because of the compare. Obviously, as we go through 2012 and compare it with that changes that took place in 2011 the implication year-over-year will become less but the majority of that came through in the first quarter. I believe right now in the short term and everything it’s just going to be certainly tough going for a while with the rates staying where they are and certainly the rates on the long end certainly are not going to get much better.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Anyway to size the impact for the full year?
Walter S. Berman : I’d say right now my guess is it’s going to be higher than $55. Not significantly higher but certainly it could be 10% to 15% higher, even 20%.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: 10% to 15%?
Walter S. Berman : Higher than the $55 so say a maximum $15 million or something like that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Berg – RBC Capital Market.
Eric Berg – RBC Capital Market: My question involves asset management, what I’m trying to reconcile is this, you had very good performance as evidenced by the large number and percentage of funds that are four and five star, performance improved markedly in the March quarter versus the December quarter, you mentioned the strength of and the size of your wholesaling team. I guess my question is given all that why can’t you control these outflows whether it’s 529, the pension plan at Zurich, the retirement assets – you have a very strong person in Guy Pope is performance is indeed well known, given the strengths that you have sited and the fact that you were looking at all these things, why can’t these outflows be limited if not prevented given your strengths?
James M. Cracchiolo : I think Eric let me try and answer that in two ways so you can understand a little of why I’m feeling more optimistic as we move forward based on what we created here. As we look at the underlying flows in core fixed income funds now as well as in equity funds, we actually are gaining share. We actually were in inflows. We’re actually in many of the large intermediaries where we are focused on picking up business. Having said that, I think flows in general in equities are still weak, they haven’t come back in full flavor so you’re not going to see big appetite for big increases in that but we are gaining traction so I see that. We’re gaining traction because we have good product with good performance and now we’ve reestablished our wholesaling. Now, in the items that you mentioned, I think they’re all in particular. So first of all, we’re going through a major change by acquiring Bank America’s business it was a proprietary in house business and so some of the stuff you’re going to lose over time is there may have been a reason that they had the business in house. Take their 401K and pension, it was all with Columbia so you’re going to have a change there. Take American Express, when we separated we used to manage their muni bond for their traveler’s checks so again we had an agreement to continue that but when that’s up at one point that gets reevaluated in a similar basis. Zurich is a perfect example, they retended and everything, they went to competitive bids and we won all of those client portfolios. Having said that, for their own pension plan, you know, again Threadneedle managed all of that and now they’re looking at whether they take pieces out. I think those things are going to naturally come up based on a change in ownership and philosophy and other things. So I don’t see that as abnormal, you’ve got to get over the hump but what I’ve created with the combination of these two gives us great potential.  It’s a great platform, I think it’s very competitive with the majors out there for a lot of reasons. 529, another particular; we no longer worked with one of the providers that were actually doing the type of the client service activity with New York. It was a decision made prior to us taking the combined unit from Columbia and that sort of played out. Maybe we would have did things a little differently knowing that it was a more profitable business than at the time Columbia or Bank of America thought it was. So we are making changes as we go along, we’re adjusting sort of our focus on various things but with a change comes change. Dave Williams retiring a long term PM, we know in the industry sometimes even if you put a good team that can get that performance where we need it, once a change occurs it gets reevaluated for due diligence or other reasons. I do believe as we go through the next quarter or so we’ll get over the hump of these major items that comes with a deal of this size and a merger of this size but what we have underneath I still feel good about.  I would tell you differently if I felt differently but I think as I speak to the people and the teams, and the leaders, and the people on the ground, they feel we’re gaining traction and to be very honest you can look at our performance it’s good. There’s still some pockets that continue to need improvement. We all want every fund to be where we need it to be so there’s still work in some areas but overall I think we’ve got a good fund line up now and it does take a little time to gain back that traction. Nothing has changed maybe you just have to extend it a bit more because the lumpiness you hope ends sooner. As Walter said, it is two years now in the month of May and so I think for size and scope, and going through the market volatility that we have, I think we’re in really good shape. Look at the foundation of what we created in the asset management business, I think it’s tremendous compared to where we used to be.
Eric Berg – RBC Capital Market:  One quick one for Walter; Walter you indicated repeatedly in your prepared remarks that – I think you said, that the transition of the advisors to the new platform and the money being spent on that transition will be completed by the end of this year. Could you quantify the savings that will appear as a result?
Walter S. Berman : I prefer not because candidly it’s getting into systems and everything like that but it has an impact. It certainly will have an impact because it’s a huge investment to put that sort of a platform in as you can imagine and we are incurring the expense and like I said, it will go in conversion by the third quarter and it’s reasonably impactful, it really is. I prefer not to get into specific numbers.
James M. Cracchiolo : I think what I can add is when we talk about this implementation it’s not just the technology development, that’s a piece of it. What we really have is the increased expense right now is as you’re going through a conversion you’re carrying two systems one is live that you just made live and the other one is the continuation of your old platform until you convert all the accounts. So you have a duplicate operating expense there. The second thing is you have a lot of additional servicing cost as you’re going through account conversion, and getting people up, and moving all the data, and information, and the client activities. It’s a combination of three components, one is the technology development, the other one is the training and the support costs for the conversion and service delivery, and then with that you have the two operating systems that you carry. So as we convert we have one occurring in May and one in August and then after that we can start to turn off the other system. We could then with that bring down a lot of the training cost, etc. and unwind that and the third thing is the development starts to get a lot less.  You still have ongoing development but it’s not as material as we’re hooking up all of the various systems to get that new operating system online. So it’s a material amount per quarter in a combination of those factors that will go away.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities. 
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Just one follow up on Eric’s question, Walter so the 12% margin on advice and wealth with those expenses going away from the new platform would you be at the 12% with that going away or is there more heavy lifting that you need to do on either the revenue or the expense side?
Walter S. Berman : It’s a combination. Obviously, we will have the majority of that expense sticking through the third quarter so it will be embedded. When I said that we will achieve it our assumption was that that expense would be there. So it would be a combination certainly of other expense items that we’re managing because those are the expenses we’re making in the business and obviously the revenue pick up so that’s already embedded in the number for this year when I said we have a pretty good shot at getting to the 12%.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: So I guess my question is by 4Q when this expense goes away, a) is it going to go away completely so are we going to see sort of a cliff on the cost meaning the cost going down meaningfully and if we fast forward to that eventuality and we kind of pro forma it on this quarter’s revenues, would we be close to the 12% margin level?
Walter S. Berman : Again, as Jim said there’s so many moving parts as it relates to that aspect of it and again, I’ll remind you it is a major system and once the system is fully implemented we will then start the amortization aspect of it. But certainly, there will be a differential.
James M. Cracchiolo : I think what we’re saying, let me just try to be very focused on your question, one is it does assume that revenue continues to improve as we drive greater productivity as well as improvements in our asset levels, etc. which is ongoing so we’re not looking at anything what we would call radical from where we are but a continued progression as you saw in the first quarter. Second, would be that as Walter said, we’re managing other expenses and reengineering during this time frame to bring down some expenses that will offset the expense that we had in the first quarter but we will get relief as we go into the fourth quarter for some of that wind down occurring in this system. With that in mind, that the margin if you just project it out from where we are would have to be higher in the fourth quarter than the 12%, you got 12% for the full year based on a combination of those factors occurring.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: So the fact that you’re giving us this glide path suggestions margin by 4Q needs to be substantially about 12% to come up with the average of 12% for the year?
Walter S. Berman : Yes, because the expense is embedded in for three quarters so on that basis it would have to be.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Now, just another question on that, how much of this overall program is being expensed kind of on a real time basis and how much is being capitalized?
Walter S. Berman : There is obviously from the standpoint of the enhancements and the training, those are being expensed. So from that standpoint there is a significant amount of this that is being in the period charge basis with again, as we implement the system and the changes related to that, that is the portion that will be pushed forward.
James M. Cracchiolo : The development expense gets capitalized and amortized but we’re carrying two operating systems that there’s operating expenses period. All the conversion costs, all the training costs, all of that is period charge.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Is there any way to quantify how much? Is it half and half, half percent being capitalized half percent being expensed in the current period just in terms of absolute costs?
Walter S. Berman : Again, I don’t want to give you an amount because each project is different depending on the intensity so I would prefer not to give it because like I said, each project depends on how much is really for development versus how much is for implementation. Off the top of my head, I don’t have the exact numbers on that.
James M. Cracchiolo : The amortization is a smaller part of what we’re talking about this point as we move forward.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay, I just wanted to be clear on that that we’re not back loading a lot of it.
James M. Cracchiolo : We’re definitely not back loading.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: The last question I had is just going back to John Nadel’s question about the revenue yield and how that declined even after backing out the CDO impact. I guess, Walter when I heard you mention the fund mergers being an issue I can understand that. Was there a big delta from 4Q to 1Q because I thought the fund mergers were mainly behind us? If I just look at what happened from 4Q11 to 1Q2012 because the thing that stood out to me was the fact that your equity assets went up markedly and I do sort of back of the envelope calculation your equity assets went up by $20 billion or so on average from 4Q to 1Q so you would expect that your revenue yield wouldn’t have declined as much. Anyway, any light you can shed on that would be helpful.
Walter S. Berman : Between sequential you really do have a fee day differential which is one part of it. The gain on the CDO is really a big part, and you’re getting as the mergers came through they hit their full stride basically starting in the first quarter and so I would say those are the elements. Also, on the alternative you’re getting the full impact coming through. But it’s really the two big items are the fee day that’s less and the gain on the CDO and that swings most of it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I was wondering if we could talk a little bit more specifically about advertising? If we go back a quarter, I think on the fourth quarter call you indicated at that point that you had very good visibility about the first quarter ad spend was largely determined. So now that we’re down the road I’m guessing you have pretty clear visibility on the second quarter spend. I mean, either you’ve produced some new commercials and have bought time or you haven’t. Can you give us a little bit better look into what second quarter advertising spend might look like please?
James M. Cracchiolo : As we looked it from last year, we clearly knew as we were going into the first quarter what we were thinking of spending and we bought various space that you buy sometimes in the spot market but sometimes up front to get better positioning. So clearly, as we spoke about with you at the beginning of the end of last year, we did look at the first two quarters of what we were planning to spend and we have been consistent with that in actual spending. So we do have our ads running now through April and some part of May.  Now, we will go off and lighten up and just use more of some web activity in through the interim period and then we will come back with our advertising as we did last year in the September time frame through the end of the year. Now, with that, as I look at the rest of the year I have the ability for the second half, as Walter said, to determine what I would like to spend in that regard. Now, the positives for us and the reason we’re spending or we did is because our advertising is really hitting a positive note. It is a positive for us both with our advisor channel with clients, etc. and so we do think that we’re generating value from that as a top line awareness for our advisor and client activity. So we will review that but having said that, if we find that we’re going into tough markets or we find that revenue will be squeezed tremendously we have the ability to scale back what we want to do in the media. Having said that, we think we have a good campaign. We’re looking to continue that campaign but we’ll manage the activities. The one thing you will not see is because we do both top line advertising as well as below the line marketing and other activities, we do have ability to manage some of that activity and use different levers in a sense of what we want to put more emphasis on.  So you’re not going to see an increase over last year as we go through the rest of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter as we launched the new campaign. On the other side, we may want to continue that advertising if it does give us some benefits depending on market conditions as well as how we’re doing in the rest of the business.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Just one follow up, can you give us just a rough sense of how the ad spend typically hits the segment? Does a lot of it in advice and wealth management or where does it generally hit?
James M. Cracchiolo : Our advertising right now – first of all you’ve got marketing advertising and what we do at the web, etc., so everything we think is directly attributed to the AWM business we do charge to the AWM business. There’s some of the advertising that’s for corporate and that goes over to the corporate area. But, as we said, depending on what we’re focused on, what we’re communicating, etc., it either is explicitly tied so for instance direct [search] paid, [search] various things go directly and including national advertising, there’s a good portion that goes to the AWM business.
Operator:  Your last question comes from John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities.
John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Jim, I just wanted to follow up on the dividend and capital management a little bit. Is there a payout ratio that you’re aiming for or shooting for?
James M. Cracchiolo : We look at various things in that. I think what we would probably say is we’re more focused on looking at how much of our earnings that we’re going to give back to shareholders. As we said, we’re looking to do a majority of that as we look at the next number of years, etc., right now based on our position and our capital strength, our ability to generate good strong free cash flow. As far as the dividend we wanted to continue to sort of boost that from where we had started originally and so we feel good that we’re in the two plus range and so we’re going to continue to look at the growth of our dividends over time but we’re not going to manage it to an exact yield rate because of the changes in the market, and the stock price and various things. It’s always hard because sometimes you’re over and then you don’t want to raise the dividend and sometimes you’re back. We’re looking more for steady improvements and generating a reasonably good yield for the type of company that we are and in the industry or across the S&P 500 financials. So that’s more of how we’re looking at it rather than a set yield rate.
John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: In response to Jay’s question you sounded a little bit more conservative on the outlook for M&A and the like and I guess in that context you’ve got a lot of excess capital, you’ve got a lot of cash that you’re holding, that represents some sort of earnings drag if the M&A environment is not as vibrant as it might be what’s the need for hanging on to so much excess capital and so much cash?
James M. Cracchiolo : Again, we don’t look at it as purely a current need per say. So if opportunities come along, I’m not saying we’re out of the M&A market, but what I’m saying is we don’t see of the things that are out there anything significant that would be a very large undertaking for us in thinking about using all of our capital versus returning and maintaining a good position depending on market volatility that’s out there.  We’re always going to look to maintain a good strong capital structure. We hope that you as looking at us in that light based on the types of volatility that these one in 100 year events that keep on occurring every year, we want to make sure we don’t have to go to the capital markets in any fashion. But having said that, we don’t want to be overly conservative which is why last year we returned $1.7 billion of capital. So there are periods we will probably increase the return and there are periods that maybe some smaller acquisitions may come along so that’s all we’re saying is it’s not so much I’m negative on M&A, I’m not.  We thought there might be larger ones that might be more important for us coming to light at the end of last year, we haven’t seen that in this sense and so I’m just giving you a signal in that regard as well. But, we’re not stopping M&A from occurring if there are good things that come along, I’m just saying to you that we feel very good about our return of capital to shareholders as one of our priorities right now.
John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Just my final clean up question here has to do with the outflows that you anticipate in the second quarter, the $4.7 billion identified on Slide 11. Do you have any sense of timing in the context of the quarter? Is this out at the beginning of the quarter, or at the end, or roughly on average across it?
James M. Cracchiolo : I can’t tell you exactly. I would say we were expecting this to probably come out in the May timeframe which is sort of the middle of the period. But again, that’s not a perfect science but I think based on what I was aware, sometime in the May timeframe. 
Operator:  Mr. Cracchiolo I will return the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Walter S. Berman : I want to thank everyone for listening to us this morning and for your questions and any other thoughts you have in your conversations with Alicia and Chad. Very clearly again, I just want to emphasize that based on a combination of factors both from a business as well as an environmental, we do feel good about our position, we feel good about the traction that we have and the improvements that we’re making. Having said that, we will experience being in the businesses that we’re in some level of adjustments from quarter-to-quarter, a little lumpiness as we’re getting over with the Columbia transaction hopefully going to be more behind us than in the middle of which will occur over the next quarter or so. So yeah, we’ve got another lumpy quarter to get through in flows but I would still say that we have good underlying improvements in our business. I think we have a great foundation that we built. I think our AWM business again, market climate isn’t great for robust trading activity and large investments but you can see some of the underlying metrics are strong for us and we have a really healthy annuity and insurance business. I do believe that we’re in more of the better end of that slice of the pie for where we’re participating. I think the combination of those things gives us a very good company and gives us that appropriateness that we can return well to shareholders and so we will continue to execute against our strategy. Quarter-to-quarter it’s not perfect science of where you’re going to come in but I think look at us over the last eight quarters, four quarters, look at us in total of what we’ve created over the last two years and where we’ve come from and I think you’ll find a good consistent story even though quarter-to-quarter it won’t be a perfect science. Thank you for both your interest as well as your questions and your comments and we look forward to continuing to have the conversation with you as we go forward.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alicia Charity - SVP, Investor Relations  Jim Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter Berman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Kligerman - UBS Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Schuman - KBW Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Year-end Earnings Call. My name is John and I will be your operator for today’s call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Welcome to the Ameriprise Financial’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe, provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2010 annual report to shareholders or our 2010 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings discussion. I’ll begin with an overview of our business performance and some thoughts about our positioning for future growth, and then Walter will discuss our financial results in more detail. After that, we’ll take your questions.  We finished the year with substantial progress with a solid fourth quarter, despite continuing challenges from the environment. Markets recovered a bit in the quarter, but remained highly volatile, which caused clients to become more cautious and move to larger cash positions, and interests rates remained near zero which resulted in further spread compression. My key message for you today is this, as always, we have ability to navigate through the short-term challenges, and we are focused on the medium to long term, which holds great potential for us. Our financial foundation remains one of the best in the industry, and it continues to give us important stability and strategic flexibility.  We believe our financial strength enables us to weather the current storms and maintain our strong position in the future. We continue to generate significant capital and we are still holding more than $2 billion of excess capital and that after returning $1.7 billion or 135% of our operating earnings to share holders through dividends and buybacks during the year.  In addition, in December we announced a 22% increase in the dividend which will be paid in February, and we now have increased our dividend five times in our six years as a public company.  Even with the significant capital we’ve returned, I believe we are in a stronger capital position now, than we were a year ago. As our business has become less capital intensive, we’ve been able to free up capital to return to shareholders and invest for growth, while maintaining our ratings.  Our many strengthens many our highly diversified and proven business model, to our client focus to our financial position allowed us to generated record operating earnings of $1.23 billion and a record operating revenues of $10.1 billion for the year.  Now I will provide you some commentary on our business segments, and then I will give you my thoughts on the year ahead. First, in our Advice & Wealth Management segment, we’ve delivered another strong quarter and our most profitable year ever.  The market volatility and low rates seem to be affecting firms across the industry, with clients once again seeking safety and moving to cash and other low risk options. Still, our advisors generated good quarterly production and a record 384,000 of annual operating net revenue per advisor. We’ve generated strong client asset flows highlighted by 1.4 billion in wrap net flows for the quarter, and 7.3 billion for the year.  We also recorded our third consecutive quarter growth in the number of advisors. Our long term work to reengineer our advisor platform is largely complete, and has given us the lift in advisor productivity that we anticipated.  At the same time, we stepped up experience advisor recruiting efforts and generated good momentum, with a 105 advisors joining us during the quarter, and a total of 337 for the year. The momentum is continuing in to this year. In fact, January was one of our best recruiting months ever with [new] recruits joining the firm.  In the quarter, our margins in the Advice & Wealth Management segment decreased slightly as a result of our increased investments for growth and slowing client transaction activity due to market volatility. Even in the difficult operating environment, we are investing in the business  Beginning in September, we increased our national television advertising presence, and we are finding that the ads are resonating well consumers. We are continuing to roll-out our new brokerage platform, which is a major multi-year investment. The conversion has gone smoothly for our employee advisors, and now we are in the process of converting franchise advisor systems, which is the larger part of our overall network.  The brokerage platform investment will continue at a fairly high level this year, but we expect the process and related expenses to wrap up in 2012. We’ll also invest in new avenues for long term growth, including the launch of a financial planning business in India. That power with India advisors bringing our holistic approach to the Indian consumer is off to a promising start.  In addition, we will soon open a new operation site in Las Vegas, where we have been able to take advantage of the good labor market and low real estate prices. Our building there will house several functions, including advisors, technology support staff and client service people.  We continue to invest, while we are beginning to tighten our management of discretionary expenses to offset potential market volatility. We are doing that across the firm, and I will comment further on this topic in a moment.  Now we’ll move on to Asset Management where the fundamentals remain solid and our growth opportunity is quite attractive. With the quarter across the segment, we generated 4.3 billion of net inflows. That number includes the 14 billion institutional mandates Threadneedle 1 from Liverpool Victoria, which was one of the largest single pieces of institutional business that went up for bid in the UK in 2011.  Apart from this significant win, as we mentioned during our financial community meeting in November. We experienced 6.7 billion in redemption from low revenue in form of parent accounts. We expect some lump outflows to continue including about $4 billion of former parent-related outflows in the first quarter, and an additional 3 billion of these low margin assets as the year progresses.  We also still expect to loose the previously announced 1.8 billion outflow from the New York 529 plan at some point this year. It’s important to note that the vast majority of the expected outflows from former parent accounts should be completed this year.  Retail assets remained a significant challenge for the industry, with almost $50 billion in net outflows from domestic long term equity funds in the fourth quarter alone. We remain in net outflows and retail funds at Columbia; primarily because of weakness is sub-advised accounts, which accounted for 1.3 billion of net outflows in the quarter.  That said, we are seeing significant improvements in sales early this year, particularly in our focused funds. As a result, we are generating net inflows in certain fund areas that are on significant outflows across the industry.  The institutional business is also making progress especially in third party channels. We have won several mandates that have not yet been funded and our pipeline of potential new business continues to grow.  In terms of investment performance at Columbia, our shorter term numbers dip somewhat, but our longer term record remained strong. We are seeing good improvements in performance earlier this year. In fact Columbia generated very strong performance month in January.  Internationally Threadneedle continues to generate strong results, with excellent investment performance and reasonable flows given European market conditions. I should note that Threadneedle also retained the mandate to manage substantially all of the Zurich assets to a competitively re-tender process. Like Columbia, Threadneedle is off to a good start this year with good net inflows in January.  Overall, we feel good about our position in global Asset Management, and what we created with Columbia. The integration will be complete in this quarter. We have our wholesaling teams fully engaged across the country and they have strong performance to back their efforts; and we are developing new business collaboration between Columbia and Threadneedle to drive global growth opportunities.  Now we move on to annuities and insurance. The annuity business continues to perform in line with our expectations both in terms of sales and risk. In total the variable annuities business generated new inflows of 227 million and the Ameriprise channel delivered net inflows of 442 million.  Overall flows continue to be impacted by our decision to exit outside distribution of variable annuities, and we continue to feel good about that precision given the interest rate environment and the current risk return parameters of the business.  With regard to fixed annuities, we continue to be in net outflows, because we have not put new product on the books due to the low rates. Walter will discuss this in more detail. Overall both the fixed and variable annuity books continue to deliver solid returns and our risk is well managed. That said, we recognize that the economics of this business are changing. To accommodate the changes brought on by the years of near-zero short-term interest rates, we’ve decided to raise fees and new variable annuity riders, and we’ve communicated the decision to our advisors. The higher fees are likely to dampen sales in the short term, but we believe this is the right move to ensure we can continue to meet the long term guarantees of many of our annuity contracts and deliver strong shareholder value from this business.  In addition, in the second quarter of this year, we will introduce new variable annuity products that we believe will meet client needs while providing sustainable economics. In fixed annuities, with low rates continuing and with the Feds operation twist last year, we expect spread compression to continue in 2012.  The Protection segment delivered strongest quarter of the year, primarily from improvements in auto and home results. That business returned to more normal claim levels and is once again generating solid growth and profits. Auto and Homes policy accounts continue their steady increase, up 7% over a year ago.  In the Life business while clients continue to be reluctant to commit cash to long term contracts given the tough economy involved for markets, we have seen some improvement in sales. We generated good sales of our new indexed universal life insurance product, which meets an important client need in volatile markets.  During the quarter, we were recognized by insure.com as the number one life insurer in terms of client satisfaction, and those kinds of accolades served us as good sales [through] for wholesales and advisors. In total, life insurance in force remained essentially flat at a $191 billion  To summarize, 2011 was a very good year for Ameriprise, despite significant environmental challenges. While the economy in the US is slowly recovering, the market environment remains quite challenging, and I think you are seeing the impacts across the broader financial services industry.  Even with a recent bounce back, equity markets are exceptionally volatile. Interest rates will likely remain near zero for three more years, and the regulatory environment is changing rapidly. We are very conscious of the environment and its effect on our revenues.  Expense discipline has long been one of our core competencies, and we are further stepping up our expense management efforts now. We are taking a close look at all discretionary spending across the firm, to ensure we are operating as efficiently as possible. That said, we are continuing to make important investments for the year and beyond. We are focused on a number of initiatives that we believe will drive the business forward.  I like to briefly review just a few of them. We are going to emphasize our retirement capabilities through our advertising and new approach to help our advisors to discuss retirement with their clients.  You all know that the retirement need is very large. We think we are ideally situated to meet the holistic needs of people approaching this milestone. Second; we’ll continue to invest to help advice become more productive and to bring in highly productive experience devices. We are providing the technology and marketing support advisors need to serve clients efficiently in bringing new clients.  Third, in Asset Management, we are focused on flows and broadening our distribution. We believe we have the investment performance to drive improved flows, and we’ve emerged merger related impacts in the US.  Now we are investing to build the Columbia management brand and to promote our investment performance. At the same time, we are broadening our distribution reach to new markets with Threadneedle making inroads in the Middle East, Continental Europe and Asia.
 : We have demonstrated our ability to succeed in good times and bad, and I believe we are in excellent position to navigate this period and emerge stronger, just as we did following the financial crisis three years ago.  Now I will turn it over to Walter.
Walter Berman: Operating earnings in the fourth quarter clearly reflected the challenging environment. While equity markets have rallied about 5% in January, market volatility remains with us in 2012, and it is clear that interest rates are unlikely to increase until 2014. Looking at revenues in more detail; you can see that excluding the hedge fund fees, revenues would have been about flat to last year. The underlying slowdown in revenue growth reflects low client activity from weak market sentiment.  Clients are increasingly focused on capital preservation and generating income. This impacted revenues in two ways; lower transactional volumes and an increase in cash balances. How long the shift in behavior continues is difficult to predict. Revenues were also impacted by low rates, with net investment income down 4% from last year. However, the underlying fundamentals of the business remained strong, with a growing advisor base and good asset growth.  From an earnings perspective, operating earnings per share grew 2% despite lower revenues, as we managed expense levels and continued to make substantial investments in brand and technology. We also realized synergies from Columbia integration and saw a good improvement in auto and home results. Turning to slide 4; operating return on equity in the quarter increased 13.1% compared with 12.9% a year ago. As a reminder, we calculate return on equity on a trailing four quarter basis. We saw a big swing in DAC unlocking and model changes year-over-year. Excluding these impacts, underlying return on equity group from 12.5% to 13.4%. As we look ahead to next year, we are on track to hit the 15% to 18% range we provided in November. Underlying our return on equity is our strong balance sheet fundamentals. Our hedge program is effective; our capital ratios are strong with debt-to-cap of 18.5%; the investment portfolio is high quality. We had only $11 million of impairments in the quarter, and as we have said, we have no holdings of [stopping] debt in financially troubled European countries. Turning to page 5; we ended the year with over $2 billion of excess capital, and about 600 million of debt capacity.  In 2011 we returned 1.7 billion of capital to shareholders or about 135% of our earnings. We received 2.1 billion of dividends for our operating companies this year, with most of that coming from our life companies.  In the fourth quarter, we received 850 million dividend in the form of securities from the Life company. These securities are highly rated and very liquid.  This additional dividend will reduce investment income at the Life company, by about 2%. As for the dividend, the RBC ratio remained strong at 490%, which was our targeted level. Turning to segment results starting with Advice & Wealth Management; operating earnings in Advice & Wealth Management decreased 14%. We continue to see good asset growth and retention, with net inflows of $1.4 billion in the quarter.  However, earnings were impacted by a slowdown in revenue growth from a decline in transactional volumes and from clients holding more cash. This is a trend being experienced throughout the industry. Cash [sweep] accounts increased to $15 billion, and we are currently earning just 42 basis points.  In the quarter, we continued our investments by launching our new brand campaign and the development and implementation of our new brokerage platform. The new platform is expected to be complete by the fourth quarter of 2012.  In total, growth investments were about $14 million higher in the quarter, and we would expect that elevated level of expense to continue through 2012. Turning to Asset Management. Asset Management earnings declined 36 million, primarily due to hedge funds, where earnings were down 21 million year-over-year.  The remainder of the earnings decline reflects the expected impact from both markets and its outflows. Expenses excluding the hedge fund impact were about flat year-over-year, and includes funding additional brand divestments. Adjusted net operating margins were 31.4%. The Columbia integration is progressing well, and we realized net synergies of 130 million, in line with our target for 2011. The technology integration is on track for separation in mid-2012. Annuity earnings were up a bit this quarter. However, we see different trends in variable and fixed annuity books. In variable annuities, operating earnings grew 13%, excluding some favorable adjustments.  On a year-over-year basis, the DAC and DSIC impact was about the same, given very similar market performance in each period. We had client inflows and also had $10 million of favorable items, including improvements to our models and the market impact on our debt [band] of reserves. Variable annuity sales in Ameriprise channel declined 9%, compared to sales a year ago, when we introduced our RAVA 5 product. Net flows in this channel were about 442 million.  In the quarter, we also announced plans to increase fees on variable annuity new business. We believe this is an appropriate action to reflect the change in economics for that product. In fixed annuities operating earnings declined 32%, which includes an unfavorable adjustment to the reserve for indexed annuity contracts.  As we previously indicated, we expect fixed annuity earnings to decline, as we invest asset at lower yields. The incremental annual negative impact will primarily be about 35 million after tax for all Ameriprise, and as I mentioned earlier, the reduction in investable assets at the Life Company will add additional pressure on net investment income. Let’s move on to Protection. Operating pre-tax income in the Protection segment increased 30%, driven by improved earnings in auto and home, and stable earnings in the life and health area.  Auto and home revenues increased 6% over last year, primarily driven by growth in sales through our partnership with Progressive. We saw improvement in trends in auto and body injury claims, which are back to more normalized levels. In closing, we delivered strong results in 2011, and continued to demonstrate our ability to be successful in a range of market conditions.  As Jim said, we are managing for the short-term, but we’re focused on the long-term. We have strong financial fundamentals, and we’ll continue our focus on enterprise risk management to drive shareholder value.  With that, we’ll open it up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). Our first question comes from John Nadel from Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Obviously a lot of margin pressure in Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management this quarter. 9ish in A&WM and maybe just shy of 17x items in Asset Management.  I’m just interested in the 12% target and the 23% target for those two segments respectively. I know client activity, etcetera, pressure points; my question is; are those targets achievable and over what timeframe?
Jim Cracchiolo: John, this is Jim Cracchiolo. I’ll respond first and then Walter can compliment. If I look at the AWM segment, we were hit with a bit of impact due to market volatility. I mean, fees were lower, our Wrap business went down a lot in the third quarter because of market depreciation and our underlying flows are still fine; that started to come back in the fourth quarter. But of course you’re taking the fees for every month during the quarter and they would’ve been impacted. Second, if you look at a number of companies are already reporting, and in the industry a lot of client activity did slow in the fourth quarter, whether you look at the retail firms, the direct firms or wire houses because of the market volatility. It does impact client behavior.  So even though we’re sitting here now in January and the markets are back, during that period if we recollect in August, September things were looking pretty ugly again, and it does give people pause and there was a large amount of volatility in October, November, etcetera. So we’re no different. I mean our client activity is looking at CNBC and the news and looking at how many times that stock index moves up and down and the European crisis and the political climate that’s out there.  Now, will that come back if things start to again continue to show stabilization etcetera? The answer will be yes. But it does your top line revenue. Now in addition to that, what we thought appropriate so is we are investing in our multiyear platform.  We didn’t want to slow that down, and so we started the conversion to our franchisee system, integrating in the full brokerage to all of our other systems and capabilities, and going through that conversion that will continue through this year, as we get to the fourth quarter, it will be pretty much complete. That was a step up a bit in investment. We also were investing in a number of other things to continue to build out our systems, mobile, etcetera, apps and a number of things that funds get committed before and your project work going on before. You can tell with the markets going to do (inaudible). 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: I understand that. If I could just interject. If I think about that $14 million year-over-year higher expenses on those items that Walter had mentioned; that’s about 150 basis points as I calculated on the margin for the segment.  So in other words should we think about the remainder of the difference to your 12%, which is about where you were the last couple of quarters, as being just, we got to watch we got a see consumer sentiment, we got to see transactional volumes, and client activity picked back up and we regained that difference?
Jim Cracchiolo:  We will regain that because remember, our systems development was through the year. We had a little extra in the fourth quarter, but it was through the year. The only thing incremental was the relaunch of our new campaign, which started in September when we had a full year impact.  Now, that we are going to continue that campaign through the first quarter, and then we’ll evaluate how much we spend later in the year. But I would say this. We do have the ability to control some of our discretionary expenses that we’re looking at.  I do believe, again, I can’t dictate the markets and client activity. But I would say we will be in the 12% margins this year in the AWM business. So I don’t look at that one quarter as an issue.  I would actually say there’s strong underlying growth, the indicators are there, advisors are not going to stop their productivity, but clients do have to get a little settled. So I feel good about that segment and I feel good about what we’re doing in it. As I said, the investments we’re making, they’ll start to roll off like that technology this year, and there will be a big upside because we are running two systems, we are converting thousands of advisors and we are doing a lot of systems development.  A lot of that was in last year’s P&L and we still got good margins. So once that rolls off, it will help tremendously. In the Asset Management business, to be very clear on that, we have a level of depreciation. We’ve lost a number of assets because equity markets weren’t best to get flows where we thought we would get.  The parent stuff, I know people look at the volume of those dollars, but we always sort of thought that we would lose them. They are not a lot of fee basis. So I would say that 23%, no, I would probably put more in the 20%, 21% based on just where markets are, because I think that compressed us where we thought things would improve in the market situation.  Again, if markets come back it will be a different sorry, but if we’re thinking about that on a relative sense today, that’s probably more where I would target it. Having said that I do see some underlying things changing around there.  Now flows in the industry aren’t great, but Threadneedle is doing good. I think Columbia is starting to gain some traction through its third party institutional, and retailer’s outflows are slowing.  So we’ll get over the hump of the parent stuff. I identified it just as I told you in my talking points, so that no one’s surprised at it, but those will be lumpy. But at the end of the day again, I think we are making a good underlying traction.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Just one last quick one, is your buyback currently curtailed or is it operating just at a lower level than we’ve been accustomed to?
Jim Cracchiolo:  We did not curtail it. Again, going into the fourth quarter; now looking back you can always say hey, markets why did you do that? But markets were bit more volatile.  We are looking at what it looked like. We did a substantial amount over the course of the year and we are also looking at potential opportunities at the same time.  But no, buyback is not curtailed. We will continue it this year. We just sort of adjusted it depending at the same time. We don’t have a perfect crystal ball on things.
Walter Berman:  Let me just add to that, if you looked at the share price, it went from like 37 to 50 in the quarter, and so is completely volatile. We actually purchased on the average.  But, as Jim said, it was just looking at a pretty volatile market, and in retrospect you can always say could’ve bought more. The reality is I think we bought (inaudible) but no curtailment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please, go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: I just wanted to follow-up on John’s questioning on the margin. I am actually surprised to some degree that you feel comfortable with the 12% Advice & Wealth, and you are sort of lowering Asset Management. The reason is you’ve reaffirmed those targets or those objectives in sort of November at your Investor Day.  From Investor Day to the end of the year, I think the markets were higher in terms of helping the Asset Management. I get the fact that client activity is weaker, but again you’re affirming the 12% in Advice & Wealth.  So I’m just trying to understand like what’s the delta between what you said in November in terms of Asset Management and what you’re saying now?
Walter Berman:  As you talk about looking at it from that standpoint, certainly the markets have rallied, and as we’ve seen the volatility with it, if you’d just take a straight line projection up certainly, as Jim said, you might get to a higher number.  But it is challenging for where these markets are, and the more you get shifts coming in and out of that nature, it does affect us from the equity and fixed income flip.  So I think that is really where the leverage is going to go in and out. It’s just this volatility in the market, it’s just at a pretty steep basis, and so, I think that’s where you’re seeing us be a little cautious on that.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein:  Maybe getting back to Advice & Wealth then, 12% is a pretty big lift for the year. I know you touched on it in answering John’s question, but what specifically do you think gets you from where you are today there?  Is it really a throttling back of some of the advertising expense beyond the first quarter or what are kind of the big levers that you have to get to the 12%?
Walter Berman:  So let’s look at it. From a perspective, again, I can’t predict activity during the quarter in fees. So for instance if you say, and that goes for the Asset Management; if you say the markets are going to just continue to go up from here or even manage stability from here and rise, then we’re talking about a different story.  Our forecasts, our projection is just based on last year was we didn’t take that right. It was up, it was down, and you don’t get on average the fees all the time.  So part of our difference may be from what you’re looking at is that if we’re here and we’re continuing to rise on a nice even slope, that’s one thing. If you got a level of volatility it’s another thing. In regards the margin itself, I do believe we can manage some of the discretionary expenses. I think we’re going to set some internal targets to tighten up on something that’s nice to do and nice to have. But if the revenue is weak, we got to adjust that.  At the same time as I said, we want to complete some of these investments like that technology, get it behind us. That will help our margins in the future. Interest rates also affected us a bit more when the [NACE], we were even using the yield curve last year. That’s a little out so we want to make up for some of that by tightening those expenses. Now will revenue rise as much? Maybe not, but I can still tighten the margin even if revenue is a bit lower.  So we are guarding against the revenue weakness. If the markets come back here and stay stable then I think we’ll continue to show the rise we did in the first few quarters of last year. If it doesn’t then I need to tighten the ship a little bit.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein:  Understood, and one quick follow-up. When you said earlier that you expect to hit 12% margin in Advice & Wealth in 2012, is that for the full year or you staying sort of by the end of the year?
Walter Berman:  That is for the full year. That was the expectation.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein:  And that’s still your expectation?
Walter Berman: With the caveats that you mentioned, yeah.
Jim Cracchiolo:  We can’t guarantee anything. What we’re saying is we’re still trying to shoot that, and we have a number of things that we are working on to help make that happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Just following on that last line of questions, it would imply to get that 12% margin, you need to use these discretionary spending initiatives to maybe cut at least $15 million a quarter in expenses. Is that the objective, and maybe Jim or Walter, a little more clarity on those potential initiatives?
Jim Cracchiolo:  I haven’t done your exact calculation, but it is a combination of, certainly as Jim said, as you look at the revenue on managing the expense based upon that revenue base. So yeah, I think we have degrees of flexibility on that. I haven’t done the exact calculation the way you have done it. But it is a combination of factors that go through.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Anything specific you could lay out (inaudible), Walter?
Walter Berman:  Really what it is across the board is this. We do a lot of technology spend for enhancements, new initiatives beyond the brokerage platform conversion. There are numerous program on the marketing and support levels that we have. There’s a number of things that we truly invested in, enhanced training and setting up new initiatives like onboarding our new advisors and even increasing our advertising there.  So there are number of different things that we’ve done that we could tighten a bit depending on what the market situation looks like that would be helpful in this environment. Controlling some of our staff expenses that get charged in from the different units into the AWM business that we can tighten.  Listen, when we were growing in a number of areas, etcetera. We wanted to continue to invest more heavily. We had a big investment agenda and we might just have to temper that a bit and tighten it, and we’ve been used to doing this.  We’ve always reengineered. We have a number of new initiatives that our resources were consumed with the integration of Columbia that we’re freeing backup; that we can work on again reengineering and moving things and enhancing the way we operate and process. And some of the things we’re looking to do will help in that line. So this apart we need to do, this is part of what we’ve always done. Again, I’m not putting the 12% as a firm thing as the most important objective. I’m just saying I think I have opportunities and we are still believing that we are growing the advisor force, we are growing ways that they can deepen their relationships.  We are introducing things that hopefully will help them deepen and gain more assets. So some of that will come from revenues, some of it will come from expense tightening.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Okay. And then maybe just shifting gears to the Asset Management area, particularly Columbia, where the one-year number for your above-average (inaudible) numbers. It went from 62% asset weighted in 2Q to 56% 3Q, down to 38% in the fourth quarter and that kind of dragged down the three-year numbers well.  Could you give a little color on where you expect that number to go in the near term? What’s causing that struggle in performance, and what you think the implications are for retail net flows going forward?
Jim Cracchiolo:  So there are two things that occurred, and I’ll give you a little more color to it. On the one year performance, what occurred is that we had a number of our domestic equity funds falling a bit low the Lipper medians.  Now the differentials between the second and third quartile were very small in 2011, and while we under-performed and since it was so small, we could make up that ground, in most cases, quickly and January is already showing that, that’s come back around. So we think that we’ll start to show improvements. The big change was we had one of our funds move below, and it was a big fund, move below the median and that was because a good quarter rolled off and the bad quarter rolled on in the sense of hurting that.  But already January performance is good there as well, and we’re hoping that, that will start to turn its colors as well. But we think it has a lot to do with that movement so to speak, and our investment people are feeling good that there’s an ability to continue to see improvements there.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Got it. And then just lastly M&A; it seemed like you were alluding in an earlier question to the fact that you’re looking at opportunities. Do you think that’s the environment [heated] up a bit in terms of opportunities, and in what areas? Asset Management? Advice & Wealth Management?
Jim Cracchiolo:  Well, I think you’re seeing a bit more level of activity out there in the Asset Management world. We’ll continue to look a potential opportunities. It doesn’t mean there was one for us, but we’ll continue to look and see if there is something that’s good that we could potentially do.  We have the flexibility to do that, and incremental to what we’re doing now, we’ll continue to look at the buybacks as I said as part of what we’re going to continue to execute on, and we’re going to continue to review our dividend policy as well. We did another raise at the end of last year. So we’re going to look flexibly of how we can create shareholder value using the strength of our balance sheet and the free cash that we continue to generate.  That’s why as I look at the fourth quarter, it wasn’t what we ideally would want. But having said that, I think if you look at the underlying of what we’ve been able to invest in, what we’ve been able to do, and even though one can estimate what that will always be to next quarter, I think if you look at the underlying things we have just accomplished over the last few years, we want to continue to build upon that. And we’re going to continue to work hard to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs:  So just to go back to the margin discussion and AWM; I understand it’s hard for you to predict environment in the markets and the level of productivity, etcetera. But it does feel like you guys are bringing in higher-producing advisors in the employee channel where planning capacity and incremental margin on that should in theory be higher.  So kind of taking that into consideration, do you think there’s some room for margin improvement from this 9% to 10% level, assuming markets don’t really change from here?
Jim Cracchiolo:  Yes. Complemented to what I said. But yes, that was another thing you just pointed out very clearly. We are adding a lot of productivity from new people joining us. It takes time to ramp up. The ones that were added two years ago are ramping nicely. The one we added last year will help the ramp up this year, and we are accelerated the number of people we brought in towards the latter part of the year.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs:  On Asset Management, you told us about the same redemptions at the Investor Day a month and a half ago. So net-net you are probably seeing maybe $8 billion to $9 billion of [still] redemptions come in that you know of in 2012.  But then you guys also talked about institutional pipeline, that was pretty good and there’s some mended that you won but haven’t funded yet. Can you quantify those, and what you think those actually going to fund?
Jim Cracchiolo:  Well, as I said, we have some fundings already come in like in our Threadneedle area and in the Columbia area. We have some good wins that we won in the fourth quarter and December, etcetera, that we think will be finding in the first quarter.  We have others that were in the pipeline that we’re bidding on; the pipeline is quite strong. So here again, I can’t give you numbers per say right now, but I would just say that the improvements are there. We think that we’ll win.  Again if you adjust for these parent stuff that I just mentioned, I think that this will be one of the areas that we’ll look for improvement in growth this year based on the traction that we’re gaining.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: Shifting gears a little bit on capital management and potential acquisition opportunity for you guys, Jim, on current operating earnings basis you guys spit out, Walter, you pointed at 135% of your total operating earnings between the buybacks and the dividends.  Given the slowdown in the fourth quarter, but I mean maybe we should think about more on an annualized full run rate basis, is that kind of the total payout that you guys are thinking about for 2012?  That’s question number one and then the follow-up to that on the M&A side, I guess, what areas in Asset Management do you guys still feel you have some product holes that you would need to fill?
Walter Berman:  Alex, we don’t set a hard fast target, but we have about, as of the end of December, about $1.450 billion left in the authorization, and that spreads over approximately six quarters. So you can get a pretty good idea what the standard of this playing average is, and then as we said, we’ll be opportunistic about it.  So really, while we bought back a [250 billion] in the fourth quarter, we didn’t feel that was really retreating from it. As I indicated it was extremely volatile markets so we will just gauge that.  But certainly I don’t forecast earnings; as you look at it, we do gear as we understand that as Jim said we’re looking at which way whether its dividends are it’s going to be buybacks.  So I think those sort of indications should give you some comfort zone of where the minimum standards are.
Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And the product holes potentially?
Jim Cracchiolo:  I think we would like to continue to grow our international businesses. I think if we look at the US, it’s not so much product holes per se. Now that we’ve completed and upgrading our systems etcetera and we have good things in place we could probably take on more assets and expand a bit more there and in some of the areas.  So it’s more of what would help us to continue to position ourselves well and gain from the position that we put in place, even gain some more profitability in revenue. So, I think that’s what I would say.  If you are looking at areas to expand in, it would mainly be more international than domestic. If we are looking for more of an ability to consolidate onto something we’ve built, it would be more in the US.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Schuman from KBW. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: I think we hit the Wealth Management margin pretty well. I maybe got a little bit lost on the Asset Management margin comments. In response to John’s question you mentioned 21%. I wasn’t clear if you are suggesting that as possibly a relevant aspiration for 2012 or whether that is the new 23% sort of longer term more basic aspiration?
Jim Cracchiolo:  No. I was just commenting on 2012. Again I am not here to predict or project by actual numbers, because again a lot goes into it. I mean if we had a good read on markets and what goes into happens in equity and whether there’s a shift back around in flows in equity, I’d be able to secure and give you a better calculation.  But I think just off the top of our heads here and thinking about the 23 and just based on what we’ve been seeing and have, we sort of adjusted that in our view right now for 2012 not for the longer term.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Well, that’s very helpful, Jim, because we’ve seen a lot of margins over time and I think for a period we operated under some pretty clear goalposts and you are advancing on those goalposts. I think we were also on the same page and over the last couple of quarters we’ve all got a little bit disoriented. So understanding that things are fluid, it’s still very helpful that you’ve given us some sense of where you could go in 2012.
Jim Cracchiolo:  No, I agree with you. As I said if we go back a few years on the AWM, we accounted on getting a lot of margin from interest rates rising to get to the 12%. As I said to you, we’re trying to shoot for that 12% even in these volatile markets with heavy investment without that interest margin.  So if Bernanke changed their view of the world, you’re talking about a substantial improvement there that we’ve just again put off again for another year and a half because of his latest views.  So these things are a bit fluid, the markets are a bit volatile. When they go down in Europe you lose flows, when they come back you start gain them again. It’s not like it’s a consistent feeling that anyone has, but it’s fluid, but the underlying focus has not changed.  I want to be very clear to you about the analysts and investors, it has not changed. We’re working hard on it, and as I said, we’ll continue to look at using both the balance sheet flexibly as well as some of our current base spending and investments.  There are just some things I won’t entail because we’re halfway through them and I think they’ll pay good dividends after we’re finished.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: That’s very helpful. Just one other thing if I might. It’s pretty clear that you’ve probably gotten some good traction building your brand with customers, and certainly for a while the brand was attracting advisors.  Can you kind of give us maybe update on how the brand is positioned in the advisor world? Are you still kind of drawing people in the same way you were, post financial crisis or has that moderated or how is the momentum I guess?
Jim Cracchiolo:  No. Actually, the momentum is good and we’ve ramped up our efforts last year, the latter part of last year, pipeline has built. We started to even part of the increase in expenses. We started to actually put our name out there in trades as recruiting. We never did that before because we never recruited before. So we sort of ramped up our advertising there.  We have a good pipeline as we said, we’ve added 52 people in January, which is our strongest probably ever productivity. The people we’re adding is higher than it was. Also, just so we know, the brand launch that we did, the advertising and a number of research things that we’ve looked at, it was the number one rated financial services ad in the quarter, and it’s really hitting with the consumer.  So that’s why we want to continue it through the first quarter as well, and then we’ll see where we go. But Tommy Lee Jones in those ads are excellent for us; it’s telling our story and the retirement market is going to be here through this volatility, and the need is going to be there. So even though we can debate as you saw the results, in profitability in the quarter, I’m feeling more optimistic about that segment and business. In the Asset Management business, everything we put in place, I feel good about everything that’s underlying that we have in place. But having said that, you saw the industry flows over the last year, and there are only a few places where people are getting inflows that it’s usually a targeted area or a targeted fund or global bond or something like that. It’s not in any large case across equities or large case across all areas.  Fixed income is starting to pick up again which is good. We’re starting to push that a bit more as part of our focused sales. So listen, if the environment continues to stabilize and improve, we’re in good shape. Nothing has changed fundamentally from what I told you in November, nor what I told you a year ago and I think we’ll continue to gain traction. The one other thing I will tell you and don’t underestimate is the idea that we are freeing up more capital. Our capital requirements are continuing to go down, we’re continuing to work on those things even more, including in our annuity business.  The decisions we made there we think were excellent in that regard and we’re going to continue to put some new products out that will continue to help that in more volatile environments.  So listen, I think the markets will be the markets, the environment is such, quarter-to-quarter I can’t do your modeling, but I would say that if you’re looking at this as an underlying strength in core investment, I think we’re in good shape.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: First question, Walter, just on your ROE guidance on slide 4, 15% to 18% ROE accounting for the DAC change, that implies a range of let’s just call it approximately 570 to 670, pretty broad range.  Is it safe to assume, given what you’re telling us about Asset Management margins that you’re going to be at the very low end of that range? Or can you give a little bit of perspective about sort of the puts and takes there?
Walter Berman:  Can you help me, Tom, a little? When you said the 15 to 18 certainly what we said at the financial committee meeting, but I didn’t catch the point about the 570.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Sure. Walter, I was calculating looking at what you’re adjustment on book value is going to be, assuming some growth in book value throughout the year. I’m just implying 570 would imply a 15 ROE, a little over 670 would imply an 18 ROE.  So my question for you is very simply, in lieu of what you’ve told us about Asset Management margins being below previous range, is it fair to say that we should expect the absolute ROE for 2012 to be at the very low end of the range? Or can you just give us a little bit of sensitivity around expectation, because that range is very wide. Just any light you can shed on that just kind of broadly speaking.
Walter Berman:  Well actually the range is basically it’s the same as we had before is the 12% to 15% to 15% to 18%. Again not forecasting here; certainly with the understanding as we just said the mix of the businesses and things of that; I believe that we’re certainly in a reasonable about the 15 and it’s again depending on what takes place, we should be able to move into reasonable safe territory.  Again, I just don’t want to forecast it, but certainly I feel that making a statement that we’ll be in that range with these challenging events I think is a good statement. So remember we’re still finalizing our EITF and going through there and from that standpoint so factors are coming in.  But the business shift is taking place, and I think that we see a good trajectory to get us into those ranges. And that’s why I said it in the comments.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: That’s helpful. So you feel like comfortably above 15 at this stage in the game?
Walter Berman:  We feel that we could go above the 15.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Sure. The next question I had on the Asset Management margins is; is it fair to say that the reason you’re expecting kind of subdued margins at least relative to plan for this year is really just simply because you’re seeing no momentum on active equity management, which is your [High Sea] business.  So when you are seeing recovery inflows it’s going into low-fee fixed income? Is it really just that simple at this point?
Walter Berman:  I think it’s actually (inaudible) what Jim is saying, because as we know with the volatility that takes place in certainly we are driven more towards equity. We are trying to evaluate the implication of that because when you get this much volatility, we get reasonable share in to fixed income; the profitability for us is higher on the equity side. So in these markets, it’s certainly has not been as conducive.  So that I think is exactly where we are positioning. And again it’s been extremely volatile. Certainly as we indicated, the rates have gone up 5% and you could start saying the world just takes off from here, that’s great.  But that’s not what we’re seeing and it’s difficult to calibrate off that. That’s exactly where it is. As Jim said we are getting close and things of that nature. But the issue is its mix and it’s really the volatility in the market.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then Jim, last question, just circling back on Advice & Wealth Management. I hear everything you said about the dampening impact of client funds moving into cash slowdown in client activity weighing on the margins in 4Q. What have you seen?  You talked a bit about what you seen thus are within Asset Management. What have you seen in Advice & Wealth Management so far year-to-date? Have you seen any kind of recovery in client activity in [shales], and have you seen any kind of mix shift moving back out of cash or is that still likely the pressure things into 1Q?
Jim Cracchiolo:  Well, I think you got again two things. One is you see an increasing back of fees again because the markets have recovered a bit. And as I said we didn’t see people pull money, we just didn’t see as much money continue to investments into the equity funds, etcetera, in the fourth quarter.  So I think if things continue to show what they’re showing, we’ll start to see it move back. I also believe that people today, I mean I don’t think you’re going to see a spurt back in anything. I think you could see some things happening across the industry where things have settled.  But I think it might take a little time for it to start to get back to more normalized in a sense. Well, I don’t even know what normalized is anymore; it’s more of how long are you in a more stable, less volatile period for people to feel comfortable. So January it’s early yet. I really don’t even have all the information for January in for me to give you a better read. I would just say on a fee basis, it should be better because the markets have come back. On a transaction basis, I think it hasn’t gotten worse, so I think it’s starting to stabilize, and maybe it’ll start to improve if this continues. But I think it’s still early in the quarter for me to give you a read.
Operator: Our last question comes from Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets: Jim, I’d like to return first to Suneet’s question, if the markets have been so volatile, affecting retail activity and affecting willingness in people to invest in mutual funds as well as institutional flows. And that was true all of 2011 and it has continued into 2012, why the change now?  In other words, again, my thinking is if that was the case as of Investor Day, so as of your financial community conference, so what has happened between then and now that would lead you to revise downward, admittedly for 2012 only, your margin guidance for the or your thoughts on margin in the Asset Management business? What’s happened in the last few weeks is really what I’m asking?
Jim Cracchiolo:  So, Eric, I think you embedded two things. One is some of the Retail things that I said and the Asset Management so let me separate the two. First of all, I do believe there was nice improvement last year in the level of client activity and engagements with the markets.  I think where we saw a fall-out earlier in the year in Europe that affected European flows in the Asset Management, but didn’t really affect Retail flows here in the US in the AWM business. That sort of changed when the market really collapsed in the third quarter and was collapsing.  So people don’t look at the first time it goes down, they look at the added effect of that, and then, they start to pull back and get concerned but what if it went down another leg and fell from 1100 to 900, etcetera. I think that’s what happened there. I think if you look at all retailers across the industry that have reported, you’ll find 15% down in dots or transactions or fee levels, and I think many of them have commented. So we’re not an outlier there. We probably fall a little less, but it takes us a little more to get back quickly based on just client activity.  But I don’t think we’re an outlier there at all. I think you can see that if you just look at other people and what they’ve said in their reporting and what has been published on the industry. In the Asset Management business, as we looked at the numbers, etcetera, what we’re continuing to see is that there isn’t a big move into equity funds. Now, if that changes, maybe based on what’s happening and settling in Europe.  But when you don’t get a lot more move into equity funds particularly in the Retail business, that’s your higher-margin business, and when you continue to add that up and also when you assume that, and maybe it’s a wrong assumption on my part, but I’m just assuming continued volatility that we saw last year.  So, when you start to think that way, it does impact your fees. You can’t adjust your costs consistent with that up and down; you need to continue to drive forward. So, I think you’ll find that when you do that and you take some revenue out, even though the market may end up higher, you start to compress because you have a fixed expense base.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets: But given that Columbia with RiverSource now is such a broad and vast complex, I would think you’d have sort of what some people have called an all-weather portfolio and that if customers don’t like equity, well you have a broad portfolio of both municipal and taxable bond funds, and I would think you would be seeing strong flows there and that you’d be okay.  That’ll be my last question. Why are we seeing out flows in Retail is my last question. You get my point. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah, Eric, I would say last year, we didn’t actually garner as much in the fixed income, because we got really hit particularly in our tax exempt at the beginning part of the year for places like the US Trust business. I think that’s starting to come back.  As I look at new sales coming in right now, tax-exempt has picked up, fixed income has picked up. We’re selling and focused a lot about selling equity. I think the wholesaling and distribution in the pipeline even institutional has shifted that now to balance that with more fixed income focus.  So exactly what you said occurred, but we did not have that the way it was for the reasons that I just mentioned to you. So yeah, I think we will continue to gain flows there. But when you gain flows in fixed income or an institutional fixed income, you’ve got different margins than if it’s retail equity.
Operator: I’ll now turn it back to Mr. Cracchiolo for closing remarks.
Jim Cracchiolo: First of all, I appreciate your questions today and also trying to better understand what’s happening underlying the business. I’ll just leave you with this. I think that as you look at our company and you look at the quarter, but put the quarter in light of last year. We had nice improvement in profitability in AWM. We had nice improvement in profitability in Columbia and Asset Management with Threadneedle.  We have a continued strong and appropriate base for our annuity business. We have managed risk quite well. Our Protection business has come back where we were having some issues with the catastrophic losses in the auto and home and that has recovered.  We’re continuing and have made stronger investments in the business for future growth. We also have put in place a stronger platform as you mentioned in the total of our Asset Management business. So I can’t predict by quarter exactly what you’ll see, but what I could say is that we’re building even a stronger foundation that we have all the capability and flexibility to ride out the markets.  I do believe over time our margins will continue. I believe our earnings will continue to shift. I believe our capital requirements will continue to come down. The fourth quarter didn’t change anything along those lines. The only thing I could probably say is that we probably didn’t think that the volatile market would affect things as much as it has, but I think it did across the industry and I think you can compare it across the industry to see how that is consistent. So with that in mind, if you have any other questions or comments please call Alicia and Chad and we’ll try to follow-up with you. But I’m just guarding against a continued environment that I can’t predict, and I’m going to continue to make some changes in the company so that we can handle that quite well in the short term.  If the environment improves; and thinking about the equity markets continue to sort of stabilize and go up, then we’re in great shape. So I’m just guarding against this not being okay. Have a great day, and we’ll talk to further as the weeks go on.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Alicia Charity – Head, IR James Cracchiolo – Chairman and CEO Walter Berman – EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein John Nadel – Sterne Agee John Hall – Wells Fargo 
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. My name is Sandra and I will be your operator for today’s call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Ms. Alicia Charity. Ms. Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you, and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial Third Quarter Earnings Call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2010 annual report to shareholders or our 2010 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our third quarter earnings discussion. I’ll begin with an overview of our performance and then Walter will discuss our financial results in more detail. Overall, we generated another solid quarter despite very challenging market conditions and we continue to demonstrate the strength of our diversified business model. In our Advisory business, earnings were up nicely and our advisors remained highly productive. In Asset Management, our net outflows increased primarily due to the equity market weakness and volatility. However, the business still produced solid earnings. At the same time, our Insurance and Annuity businesses generated solid underlying performance despite significant market impacts, the related DAC unlocking and some catastrophic losses in Auto and Home. Our strong financial foundation continues to serve us well. We’re maintaining more than $2 billion in excess capital. We’re continuing our investments for future growth and we’ve accelerated our share repurchases. During the quarter, we bought back nearly 10 million shares, returning $447 million to shareholders. In fact, so far this year we returned $1.4 billion or nearly 150% of our operating earnings through buybacks and dividends. I’d like to briefly discuss the markets and their effect on our business and then I’ll provide some commentary on our underlying performance. Both the equity markets and the interest rate environment worked against us in the quarter. As you know, the S&P 500 was down 14% and the markets were quite volatile. The drop in equities affected our DAC muni reversion and the market conditions also drove an industry-wide pull back in equity investing which affected our flows in Asset Management and wrap accounts. Our overall assets were down as well which reduced our fees. At the same time, long-term rates fell substantially because of the Fed’s Twist action and shorter rates remained near zero. The interest rate movements impacted our DAC unlocking and had a continuing effect on our spread revenue which Walter will discuss in more detail. Even with the fairly severe headwinds we’re facing, the business generated good results and I feel confident about our ability to navigate the markets. Our diversified mix of businesses along with our strong capital position and flexibility gives us the ability to manage through this near-term disruption and accelerate our growth when conditions improve. In fact, I believe we’re in a stronger position today than ever before. To illustrate, I’ll talk about each of our businesses and help you understand their performance apart from the market impacts. First, our Advice & Wealth Management segments generated another strong quarter. In fact, despite market conditions and despite the fact that our third quarter is typically slower for us, the segment delivered record pre-tax operating earnings of $116 million. Adviser productivity remained near all-time highs at $97,000 in operating net revenue per advisor for the quarter. We generated retail inflows, however, overall wrap inflows of $800 million were down from previous quarters as advisors held more cash in their clients’ accounts. We’re continuing our long-term investments in our advisor force and they are providing important benefits. Our experienced advisor recruiting effort delivered its best quarter since the financial crisis in 2009 with 88 recruits during the quarter and 37 in September alone. Advisors across the industry are seeing the benefits of our model. As a result, our pipeline of potential advisor recruits is quite full. In addition, our new national advertising campaign featuring the Academy Award winner, Tommy Lee Jones, has been very well-received by both by advisors and consumers. You can expect to see more of our ads as we move into 2012. We’re also continuing the rollout of our new brokerage technology platform, which combined with all our other advisor support is enabling advisors to be more productive and grow their client bases. All these improvements have led to a remarkably strong advisor retention and satisfaction rates. The retention of our most productive franchisee advisors is up to an all-time high of 97% and as we’re completing the transformation of our employee channel, our employee advisor retention rose to 91%. That’s an increase of 13 percentage points in just one year and it’s up 30 percentage points over three years ago. Now I’ll move onto Asset Management where the fundamentals also remain solid. In the U.S., Columbia Management was in net outflows in the quarter, which was consistent with a very tough quarter for the industry. In the retail business, our net outflows increased to $1.9 billion, however, we did make some progress. We drove net inflows in some categories that are in outflows for the industry as a whole and our market share improved in key distribution channels. In the domestic institutional business, we reported net outflows of $2 billion, about half of which came from a single expected Bank of America Balboa insurance redemption. We have won several good institutional mandates recently and our new mandates are generally producing higher fees than the business we’re losing, so the revenue impact of the net outflows is relatively muted. Given the extremely volatile conditions in Europe, the regular move to net outflows of $1.2 billion in retail funds; however, institutional flows were quite strong and new wins more than offset continued Zurich outflows resulting in net institutional inflows of $414 million. We’re particularly pleased that Threadneedle won several new mandates including several in the Middle East, which demonstrates the expanding global reach of our Asset Management distribution. While the flows picture was challenging in the quarter, both for us and for the rest of the industry, I feel good about our ability to improve flows over time for a number of reasons. First, investment performance remains strong both in the U.S. and at Threadneedle. Columbia Management increased its number of four and five-star funds from 52 to 54, which is among the most in the industry and Threadneedle’s performance remains excellent. Second, we’re making good progress reestablishing wholesaling relationships now that our teams have been in place for several quarters. Third, our institutional pipeline is quite strong and continues to grow. Fourth, we’re dealing effectively with former parent-related outflows that we expected as part of the acquisition and we’re generating good revenue offsets for the outflows. Fifth, Threadneedle is making good inroads as it expands its distribution to Asia and the Middle East. And finally, Columbia integration is essentially complete with only final technology work remaining. Now I’ll move on to Annuities and Insurance. The Annuity business performed in line with our expectations despite the market driven DAC impacts. Net inflows continue to be impacted by our decision to exit outside distribution of variable annuities and by the expected lack of fixed annuity sales given low rates. That said, we feel very good about our decision to exit outside the distribution of variable annuities. It has given us a stronger risk profile while reducing the capital required by the business. We’ve also been able to focus all of our wholesaling efforts on Ameriprise advisors and sales remain quite strong. In the quarter, variable annuity net inflows in our advisor channel were about $400 million as advisors and clients continue to find our relatively new annuity product attractive. In the Insurance business, Life & Health sales remain challenging. Clients continue to be reluctant to commit cash to long-term investments especially in products like variable universal life which has been one of one of our strongest products, but we are seeing some pickup in part because of the introduction of our new equity indexed universal life product. We also benefited from good claims experience in the quarter. In the Auto & Home business, catastrophic claims were higher than usual, primarily because of Hurricane Irene, but the catastrophic losses remain very manageable for a business of our size. Sales in Auto & Home continue their steady upward trend with policy counts increasing 8% over a year ago. In addition, we are in the process of raising auto insurance rates, which should help improve the earnings for that business. To summarize, we certainly are feeling the impacts of the market environment, but the conditions are very manageable for us and I feel very good about our positioning. We’re driving strong improvements in earnings and profitability in our Advisory business. The Asset Management business is holding up well despite very tough conditions and we have a strong foundation to build on in that business. Insurance & Annuities remain solid contributors outside of the quarter’s DAC expenses and catastrophic losses. And our foundation is as strong as ever. Our balance sheet is in excellent condition and we are returning significant capital to shareholders while investing for growth. I continue to believe we have the right strategy, the right market positions and the right foundation to navigate this period in the markets and emerge stronger just as we’ve done before. Now I’ll turn it over to Walter.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. Our reported earnings in the third quarter clearly reflected the challenging environment we’ve been operating in. The S&P was down 14% sequentially, point to point and 7% on average. The 10-year Treasury declined 125 basis points to about 1.9% and corporate spreads widened. And we had some pretty severe weather which impacted Auto & Home claims. The most pronounced impact on our earnings was in the annual and quarterly changes in DAC amortization which resulted from negative market movements. With this as a backdrop, core business trends were solid with earnings growth in Advice & Wealth Management. Underlying results in Asset Management, Annuities & Protection were all within our expectations. Our balance sheet remained very strong and we will continue to shift to low capital-intensive businesses. On slide 4, you’ll see a break out of the different items that impacted results in the quarter, particularly given some of the large year-over-year changes. First, there were two different DAC impacts in the quarter, one from our regular mean reversion that captures equity market movements. The other is our annual DAC unlocking which factors in our other assumptions like interest spreads and policyholder behavior. As you can see, the combined impact of the DAC items reduced year-over-year earnings by $0.42. The mean reversion in the quarter was a negative $0.17 compared to a positive $0.10 last year, reflecting declines in the equity markets. The DAC unlocking was a negative $0.10 compared to a positive $0.05 last year. The annual DAC unlocking was primarily driven by lower interest spreads offset partially by continued strong persistency. Excluding DAC impacts, there were a few unusual items in the quarter that were largely offset and aggregate to about $0.01 per share benefit. Now let’s look more deeply at the drivers for Ameriprise in each segment. We generated 8% revenue growth and are driving a hard contribution from our less capital demanding businesses. Management and distribution fees had a double-digit growth while we had a 1% growth in net investment income reflecting lower portfolio yields. Overall, we continue to shift our revenue base to our less capital-intensive businesses of Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management which represented 58% of the revenues in the quarter. Turning to Capital on the next slide. During the quarter, we repurchased 9.9 million shares for $447 million. Between both share repurchase and dividends, we have returned more than $2.1 billion to investors since we began our repurchase program in the second quarter of 2010. This represents about 110% of our operating earnings. At our Life companies, the estimated risk based capital ratio is over 600%, well in excess of the required amount. We are planning to take a fourth quarter dividend of around $850 million and intend to manage RiverSource Life over the long term at an RBC ratio below 500%. Our hedge program is effective and the quality of our balance sheet is strong. The investment portfolio is high quality and had $2 billion of net unrealized gains at the end of the quarter. We have no sovereign debt in Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain and only $50 million of holdings in the U.S. subsidiary of a financial institution in Spain. We are very confident with our holdings in Europe and you can find additional detail on these holdings in the Appendix of this presentation. Before I move into the segment results I want to touch on two special topics, the adoption of EITF 09-G and the impact of a prolonged low interest rate environment. Let’s start with the DAC accounting changes that will be effective in January. We will adopt EITF 09 on a retrospective basis. We estimate that this will result in a reduction to our DAC asset of between $2 billion to $2.2 billion which represents about 45% to 50% of the current DAC asset. On an after-tax basis, this is estimated to reduce book value between $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. It is expected to have a slight favorable impact on earnings in 2012 and the reduction in book value will increase our return on equity going forward. The amount of DAC that we are writing off is primarily a result of our distribution model and not due to having an aggressive deferral policy. We have sold the vast majority of our products to our advisor versus using a third-party distribution channel. Since this is an affiliated distribution model, there are sales-related expenses that we can no longer capitalize since they are not linked directly to a successful sale. Examples of these selling costs include certain compensation and benefits of employee advisors, field leadership and wholesalers, as well as some branch office selling costs and support staff. This change has no impact on our statutory accounting and therefore will have no impact on our excess capital position. Importantly, the reduction in the size of the DAC assets should reduce equity market-related quarterly earnings volatility. Now let’s move to the potential impact from low interest rates on the next slide. Clearly the current rate environment is not the best for our business. The biggest impact is in the Fixed Annuity business. However, the pressure we would expect to see on earnings if the 10-Year Treasury remained low is very manageable. We estimate that in 2011, low rates will reduce earnings by an estimated $30 million. If rates remained where they are now, it would impact us by an incremental $35 million in both 2012 and 2013. This evaluation is based upon a static view of the business currently on our books and does not project new business growth. We do not anticipate low rates to have an impact on reserves or our excess capital during this period, and like I said, we view this impact as very manageable. Now let’s take a closer look at our operating performance starting with Advice & Wealth Management on the next slide. Earnings in Advice & Wealth Management increased 30% and margins increased to 12.4%, up from 10.7% last year. We continue to improve Ameriprise advisor productivity and grow client assets. Client wrap assets net flows were over $800 million despite the weak equity markets during the quarter. We saw a 10% increase in the brokerage cash to $14.1 billion and these balances currently earn only about forty basis points. Turning to Asset Management, Asset Management earnings include about $10 million of project-related expenses at Threadneedle relating to a change of transfer agents. While this resulted in additional expense now, it does reduce expense over time. Excluding these items, earnings in the segment increased 7%. Adjusted net operating margins were 32.7%. If you exclude the higher expense at Threadneedle, margins increased to 35.1%. The Columbia integration is progressing well, with all the fund mergers completed and net synergies on track for our target of $130 million for 2011. The technological integration is taking a bit longer than we anticipated and we are now targeting a complete separation in early 2012. Turning to Annuities, operating pre-tax income was down year-over-year. As you can see, most of that was related to the $183 million swing we saw in DAC. In addition, earnings benefited from about $33 million in higher investment income. This was associated with an adjustment we made to the recognition of prepayment income on some structured securities. Adjusting for these impacts, earnings decreased by about 16% primarily from lower fixed annuity earnings reflecting spread compression and lower account values. The fixed annuity book continues to experience net outflows reflecting low client demand in the current interest rate environment. From a sales perspective, the Ameriprise channel continued to generate strong sales of our RAVA 5 variable annuity product. As Jim said, net flows in this channel were about $400 million. Overall, variable annuity deposits are down 10% given our decision to exit outside distribution last year. During the quarter, we also announced plans to increase the fees on our living benefit riders and variable annuities to reflect current market realities. Let’s move onto Protection. Operating pre-tax income in the Protection segment was also impacted by DAC as well as $23 million of higher weather-related losses in the Auto & Home business. If you exclude these items, earnings increased 3% year-over-year as underlying results in both Life & Health, and Auto & Home were good. Auto & Home revenues increased 5% over last year, primarily driven by growth in the sales through our partnership with Progressive and we have seen improving trends in the auto bodily injury claims. In the Life & Health businesses, earnings were consistent with our expectations given improvement in the overall claims levels. Turning to the trends in the firm’s return on equity, returns in the quarter declined to 13.4% from a high of 14.5% last quarter. Since we calculate the return on equity on a trailing four-quarter basis, this does reflect the year-over-year swing in DAC unlocking as well as higher catastrophic claims in the Auto & Home. Given the challenging market environment, returns are holding up well. In conclusion, our underlying business performance this quarter was solid. Earnings were affected by the markets and we continue to invest in our businesses so we are well positioned for growth when the equity markets come back. We are facing some headwind from low rates yet as we look ahead, the impact of prolonged low interest rates on earnings is quite manageable. Our risk management discipline is paying off under these conditions and we continue to prudently run our business. We have an effective hedging program against our variable annuities liabilities and our balance sheet is strong. The business mix continues to shift to lower capital businesses, which provide a strong source of excess capital. As we have demonstrated, we are prudent capital managers and will continue to return capital to shareholders as appropriate. Now we’ll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) The first question is from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you and good morning. I guess I have a couple of questions. First on the RBC ratio and the excess capital of $2 billion, and the RBC ratio of over 600%, my understanding is some of the improvement from last quarter came from the increase in value of the hedges that you have on the books, for your variable annuity business. So if that’s the case, and markets rise, obviously, in the fourth quarter then some of that benefit will unwind. So I guess what I’m trying to get at is how much of this excess capital that you’re talking about is really sort of redeployable or cash that you’re comfortable taking out of the life subs to support redeployment going forward? Thanks.
Walter Berman: It’s actually totally because the hedges actually just offset the basic liability that we had and so they act in unison with it so it actually provided the protection we needed and so it is totally available for distribution.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. So just to be clear, the increase in the RBC ratio from last quarter to this quarter was not driven by the change in value of the hedges because that change in value is offset by something else?
Walter Berman: That’s correct. They go in lockstep.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Got it. And then moving onto the share repurchases, obviously, you were more opportunistic in the third quarter. How are you thinking about the pace of buybacks going forward? And does this 09-G impact which obviously is not a statutory event but it will change things like debt-to-capital on a GAAP basis, will that influence the pace of redeployment?
Walter Berman: I do not believe it will. We have discussed this and reviewed this with the rating agencies and as again, it is a non-cash event and on that basis they’ve viewed it and they feel that we’re within the ranges that could allow us to continue on the repurchasing.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: And would you say that kind of current pace is about what you’re thinking?
Walter Berman: Suneet, we’ll continue to review the opportunity for repurchase as well as other forms of redeployment. What we would say is that we’re trading way below our intrinsic value so we saw it is a good opportunity in the third quarter and we’ll continue to review it appropriately as we move forward.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Great. And then my last question is just on interest rates. I appreciate the earnings discussion in Walter’s presentation but I was a little curious that the equity allocated to long-term care, as one example, actually fell in the quarter by a fair amount. So I was curious about some details in terms of that especially given the low long-term rate environment. But I guess the bigger question is, how are you guys thinking about when the rate environment, if it persists, sort of moves from an earnings drag issue, which you sort of quantified, to something that might be a little bit more serious in terms of either statutory reserves or DAC or anything like that. That would be helpful. Thanks.
James Cracchiolo: On the long-term care, that was a reserve adjustment based upon actuaries evaluating it, they made a statutory reserve adjustment and that was something that has been evaluated and was implemented in the third quarter. On the interest, we are continuing evaluating that, and obviously, we do not see it having a significant impact as the schedules indicated and we will then have to evaluate it if it does continue beyond the two years that we discussed, ‘12 and ‘13. But we certainly feel our capital and our earnings capacity, we’ll be able to deal with it in the near-term and then we’ll have to evaluate what changes have to be post that.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Just quick follow-up on the long-term care statutory reserve release, was there a GAAP earnings benefit from that in the quarter?
Walter Berman: No, there was not. It was strictly statutory.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. All right. Terrific. Thank you.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Suneet.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question is from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Hey, good morning. Two questions for you, if I could. In Asset Management, can you help me with the distribution fees and distribution expenses? If I look at distribution fees, they fell 12% quarter-over-quarter, I’m looking at 3Q versus 2Q and that’s about what I was expecting, but distribution expenses remained flat and I thought there was supposed to be a relationship there where there was almost a direct function of distribution fees. But that clearly wasn’t the case. Can you help me understand what happened there?
Walter Berman: I think it is that while certain of the parts certainly fluctuate with it, there are elements that don’t as it relates to some are tied to account fees, some are tied to wholesaling and other factors. So it will eventually, you get the timing differentials so we anticipate that timing differential will adjust itself, and as you saw, the net change was about $13 million when you take the distribution revenue minus the distribution expense, we had an additional $13 million. We don’t see an issue with that; it will adjust itself.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: So that will come back to you and how quickly does that happen, Walter?
Walter Berman: It will come back in next – it depends on what happens to the markets and other things of that nature, but it will – it’s more of a timing – I don’t have the exact elements of it, but certainly it will be driven by the market and it will happen obviously depending on how markets move, because it’s not a perfect correlation.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. Maybe I’ll just follow up off-line on that one.
Walter Berman: No problem.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: And then just thinking about the asset – again on Asset Management, just where you guys are on integration, gross and net saves. I think you made the comment about $130 million on target for that for this year. Can you just reset for us where you guys were coming out of this quarter, how much you have incrementally and what we should be expecting in 2012?
Walter Berman: Yeah, as I indicated, the bulk of the synergies will hit the $130 million range as we talked about for 2011. With the delay on the reengineering, that will carry over into 2012 as we implement the one-time charge activities and we do complete the final integration and we are on track to be through 2012 in the $140 million range on our synergies.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Are they one-time costs? I forget what that was originally expected to be, but given the timing and the push out on the system side, are you expecting that the one-time costs related to the integration process are going to be a bit higher?
Walter Berman: Yes, they are. Obviously, take a look through the third quarters, about $182 million and they will be higher and we are assessing that right now.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you very much.
Walter Berman: You’re quite welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Hall from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Hall – Wells Fargo: Good morning, everyone. I have a few different questions. The first one has to do with the dividend that you indicated you’re going to pay out of the Life companies in the fourth quarter, that $850 million. Is that encumbered in any fashion or is that free and available?
James Cracchiolo: Well, I think we get – the majority of it is not encumbered. We will get permission from the Superintendent of Insurance and we are in the process of doing that. We do not see an issue with that.
John Hall – Wells Fargo: Okay. On the DAC write-off, just wondering if you could comment because we’ve been seeing a number of other companies report similar types of things, and at this juncture the size of your write-off relative to your DAC balances on the higher-end of things, I was just wondering if you could comment on what it is about either your book of business or perhaps your DAC policies that would lead to that result?
James Cracchiolo: Sure. First and foremost, it is totally appropriate the level that we’re doing, write down from that standpoint and it primarily focuses on the nature of the business and written through the inside channel, and certainly if you look at the components, if you look at the comp component and then the selling rate as it relates to the DAC that you would have in those two components, the impact relates to an inside channel. Those elements under the new rules of being a successful sale are more subject to reversal from that standpoint of the policy that was in effect prior. So since we have the bulk of our activity through the inside channel, that’s where the impact is coming on the reversal of that DAC; whereas if you sold in an outside channel, most of that is absorbed through the comp rate and which is again tied to a successful sale, so therefore it does not get reversed. So we’ve been through this, we’ve reviewed it, we’ve reviewed it with our auditors and certainly have been evaluated it and we feel it’s totally appropriate based upon the type of business and the focus in the channel that it evolved from.
John Hall – Wells Fargo: Great. And then just moving on to fund flows, Jim, I was wondering if you could just comment on the momentum that Threadneedle is showing in the Middle East. Is that – what’s all of a sudden driving that or is it not that sudden and is there sustainability around it?
James Cracchiolo: Yes. As you are aware, we had mentioned over the last few quarters that we’ve been expanding our distribution with Threadneedle to the other regions of the world and one of the ones that we started to really develop last year was the Middle East, and over the course of the year we’ve been winning mandates coming from the Middle East. We’ve also expanded recently to Asia and we think that, that will start also come to bear some fruit as we move to the next number of quarters as well. So we do believe that it is something sustainable. Threadneedle has excellent product. As you know, based on what we’ve experienced in Europe and the sovereign debt crisis, we experienced some lumpiness in redemptions et cetera, because of what has occurred, but that come back quickly again as we saw previously when that picked up again as an issue in Europe earlier in the year. So we do feel like the pipeline for Threadneedle is good, it’s strong, and we can continue to win good mandates. Their investment performance over the cycle has been quite good and they have really good product. And so we think that that will continue.
John Hall – Wells Fargo: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions. Mr. Cracchiolo, I will turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
James Cracchiolo: Thank you. We appreciate you listening in this morning. As I opened the call, even though we’ve experienced another impact from the market environment, stock market being down a lot in the quarter, we do feel like the fundamentals of our business remain quite solid. And as we look across the businesses, we feel very comfortable with the position and the hand that we have. We feel good that if this environment continues, we can navigate even stronger than we did the first time out and in addition to that, we do believe that as markets continue to repair and stabilize, the foundation we have in place, the investments we continue to make and the traction we’re gaining including with the Asset Management businesses as we have really integrated and stabilized them, will bear fruit as we move forward. We have derisked the business, we feel very good about our capital position, volatility is lower, we really have an excellent book in our Annuity business and we have, even though there are the normal exposures from market declines et cetera, on a relative size and scale, it’s very manageable for the size and scope of our business and the diversity of our business and the capital position. So we will update you even further as we talk at our financial community meeting which is November 16 at 8:00 a.m. at the New York Stock Exchange and we look forward to having a very good conversation with you and outlining how we’ll continue to make progress as we move forward and also to discuss any of what you might think as issues or concerns in the environment so that we can actually quantify that for you and qualitatively give you how we think about it so that you can make informed decisions. So we appreciate your time, and thank you very much, and look forward to speaking to you further.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Alicia Charity – SVP, IR James Cracchiolo – Chairman and CEO Walter Berman – EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities LLC John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital, Inc. Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co. Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse 
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. My name is Sandra and I will be your operator for today’s call. (Operator Instructions) Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Miss Alicia Charity. Miss Charity, you may begin.
Alicia Charity: Thank you. And welcome to the Ameriprise Financial Second Quarter Earnings Call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Following their remarks, we’ll be glad to take your questions. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2010 annual report to shareholders and our 2010 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, during the call, you will hear reference to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our Web site. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our second quarter earnings discussion. I’ll start by giving you my high-level view of the business. Walter will discuss our financial results in more detail and then we’ll take your questions. Let’s begin. Overall, this was another very good quarter for Ameriprise Financial. In our Advisory and Asset Management businesses, we build on the momentum we’ve been generating over the past several quarters and delivered strong growth and profitability. In fact, for the first half of this year, Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management contributed about half of our operating segment earnings, demonstrating our ongoing shift to earnings from our higher-returning businesses. At the same time, our Annuity business delivered good earnings and our insurance fundamentals remain solid, despite higher claims, especially in auto and home. The good performance across our franchise drove our operating return on equity to 14.5%, which is an all-time high and continues to move us closer to our 2012 objective of 15%, which we outlined in 2009. Our strong foundation presents opportunities and gives us flexibility. We are maintaining a large excess capital position, we are investing to accelerate business growth and we’re returning significant capital to shareholders. During the quarter, we returned over $400 million through buyback and dividends. And so far this year, we returned well over 100% of our earnings to shareholders. Now, I’d like to provide some commentary on our performance in each business. First in Advice & Wealth Management, we delivered strength in all of our key business metrics, as well as compelling profitability. I’d like to take a step back here and reflect on the upward trajectory we put our Advice business on over the past two years. Since we started emerging from the financial crisis in the second quarter of 2009, operating earnings in this segment have increased by a factor of five and operating margins have increased dramatically. At the same time quarterly revenue per advisor has grown from $65,000 to a record $99,000. And remember, we’re generating strong earnings, even in a continuing environment of very low interest rates. While the market improvements of the past two years have certainly helped, I want you to understand the significant changes we’ve made to drive up the profitability of the Advisor business. Years ago, the Advisor business was regarded primarily as a distribution platform and not a profit center. We brought in a large number of novice advisors and trained them from scratch with a field leadership and infrastructure to support them. As a result, the employee channel was a significant expense. Today, we’ve transformed the business, both from an economic and operating perspective. Our 2008 acquisition of H&R Block financial advisors gave us a big boost in our efforts to re-engineer the employee platform. Since then, we’ve put in place a much more efficient leadership model, lower producing advisors have left the firm and we instill the sharper focus on productivity. In addition of the more than 1,000 experienced advisors we recruited over the past few years, the majority of them have joined the employee channel. As a result of all these improvements, our employee advisor productivity is at an all-time high and our retention rate for this group has increased by 16 percentage points in just two years. The franchise channel has always been highly productive with long-tenured advisors and very strong retention. Those trends have continued throughout our time as a public company, but we haven’t rested on our laurels. We continue to enhance the platform and its leadership to ensure franchise advisors remain motivated and satisfied. We made very significant investments in our advisors and we’re continuing to do so. We’ve consistently supported them with national and local marketing. We’ve offered new products and enhanced existing options, and we’re delivering a number of important technology upgrades, including the new brokerage platform that we’re rolling out now. Overall, our advisor force and field leadership have undergone extensive positive change and the transformation has helped us deliver earnings growth and notable improvements in all of our important metrics. To review, record advisor productivity, good experienced advisor recruiting, excellent advisor retention, and increasing client assets, including a record level of wrap assets. Just as important, the strong and efficient operating platform I just described gives us significant leverage for continued growth, especially as webegin to increase our advisor force. Now, I’ll move on to Asset Management, which is also performing well, both in the U.S. and internationally. We’re generating quarterly pre-tax operating earnings in the neighborhood of $150 million in this segment, and we have $467 billion of assets under management in the segment, which makes us one of the largest and most profitable asset managers. In the U.S., the Columbia integration is near complete with only final technology work left to do. Columbia’s investment performance remains very strong with 52 four- and five-star funds, which is among the most of any fund family. At Threadneedle, investment performance remains exceptional and the firm is creating increased traction in Asia and the Middle East. Overall, our asset flows are improving. Across the business, we recorded net inflows of $450 million in the quarter. We generated $257 million in U.S. retail net inflows, which included re-invested dividends. Retail sales and flows have improved across all distribution channels. Of course, June was challenging with the weak and volatile markets leading to a sizeable, industry-wide outflows from equity funds. That trend seems to have stabilized in July. I feel good about the progress we’re making. Our fund merges were essentially completed during the second quarter so our wholesalers no longer having to discuss pending merges. Now, they can discuss a very high-performing, very diverse fund family. At the same time, we started promoting our investment performance in a new advertising campaign. And we entered a new and promising asset class during the quarter with the launch of absolute return funds. In the Domestic Institutional business, we reported $256 million in net outflows, which is a significant improvement over both a year ago and sequential quarter. We’re winning important and attractive mandates and our pipeline of unfunded mandates continues to build. Of course, the Institutional business is lumpy, so a single redemption can have a significant impact on net flows. But overall, we’re pleased with the trends we’re seeing in this business. Threadneedle returned to strong retail net inflows of over $2 billion in the quarter with sales remaining strong and redemptions declining substantially. Flows turned around after one-quarter blip that was caused by the crisis in Japan and the Middle East. The Institutional business at Threadneedle also generated good net inflows apart from the continuing and expected runoff of low-margin Zurich assets. Threadneedle won several nice mandates around the world, including its first ever Institutional win in Asia. Now, I’ll move on to Annuities and Insurance. We generated another good quarter in the Annuities business. The decision to focus our efforts on the Ameriprise channel where the risk and profitability are more attractive, and to exit outside distribution of variable annuities is working well. While total flows are impacted by the run-off in outside variable annuities, we drove $400 million in net inflows in the Ameriprise channel during the quarter. The overall economics in the business, including its risks characteristics, are in very good shape. Fixed annuity sales remain slow due to the interest rate environment. Both annuity books, variable and fixed, continue to generate strong returns. Like many other insurers, our Protection segment was impacted by increased claims from the storms that hit the Midwest and the South this spring. Still, our second quarter catastrophic claims were manageable, just $15 million, and the claims in the auto business are improving nicely. Walter will provide more detail on this. In the Life & Health Insurance businesses, sales are still challenging across the industry, but we’re seeing some improvement. Overall, our Life & Health Insurance business continues to provide reliable earnings and solid returns. To summarize, Ameriprise is continuing to perform at a high level. We have transformed the Advisor business into a highly-profitable, efficient contributor to our earnings. Our large and global Asset Manager is generating strong profits and performance, and our Insurance and Annuity businesses continue to deliver good returns. At the same time, we continue to manage our resources prudently. Our balance sheet and capital are extremely strong and returning significant capital to shareholders. Overall, I feel very good about both this quarter and the trajectory of the company. The business is generating record revenues and very strong earnings, and our returns have improved substantially as we’ve grown and shifted the mix of earnings through our higher-return businesses. In fact, our returns compare favorably by segment and overall against the industry. I believe we have the right strategy and the right market positions and the right foundation to continue to drive growth and higher returns in the years ahead. Now, I’ll turn it over to Walter.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. We generated strong earnings across all measures with operating EPS up $0.27. As Jim covered, core business trends are strong, and as a result, we are delivering double-digit revenue growth. Earnings growth was very good across our businesses, with the exception of Protection. I was pleased overall with the earnings in the quarter. There were a few non-reoccurring items, both positive and negative, which largely offset. Importantly, our low capital-intense businesses, Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management, continue to drive our growth and earnings mix shift. That shift, combined with prudent capital management, resulted in an operating ROE of 14.5% this quarter. Now let’s look more deeply at the drivers for Ameriprise and each segment. We’re generating strong 14% revenue growth and driving a higher contribution from our less capital-demanding, fee-based businesses, where revenues increased 12% and 34%, respectfully. We are seeing slow revenue growth in Annuities and Protection. In those businesses, we maintained our price discipline and focused on the Ameriprise channel where the economics and risk are more balanced. Turning to Slide 5, we are seeing similar growth from an earnings perspective. In the second quarter, we generated strong 30% growth in the pre-tax operating earnings, and more than half of that was from low capital-intense businesses. This is great progress towards our goal of approximately 60% over time. As we shift the business mix, we are generating significant excess capital. In fact, about 90% of our operating earnings are available for capital redeployment, even though we are growing the company at a strong rate. Our excess capital has grown to over $2 billion, even after buying back 761 million of shares so far this year. This change is the result of a number of factors, including the rate of shift in the business mix to low capital-intense lines, as well as the exit from selling variable annuities in the third-party channel. On the next slide, you’ll see a bit more detail on our capital position. We continue to prudently manage our financial foundation, which has enabled us to return capital to shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased 6.1 million shares for $366 million. We recently announced an additional $2 billion repurchase authorization, bringing our total to $2.2 billion at the end of the quarter. At our Life companies, our risk-based capital ratio is over 585%, well in excess of the required level, even after paying a $400 million dividend to the holding company in the second quarter. We intend to bring that ratio down by year-end to below 500%, which is still in excess of the required amount. The quality of our balance sheet is strong with good liquidity, $1.3 billion of free cash, and a low debt-to-capital level. We ended the quarter with $1.7 billion of unrealized gains and our variable annuity hedging program continues to be quite effective. Now, let’s look at the performance of our business segments in more detail. In Advice & Wealth Management, earnings were up 26%. Margins remained strong at 11.3%, up from 10.1% last year. As Jim described, we are improving Ameriprise advisor productivity and growing assets under management. Client wrap assets were approximately $106 billion, with net inflows of $2.3 billion for the quarter. Interest rates remain a headwind in this segment with over $13 billion of brokerage cash earning low spreads of about 44 basis points. Expenses continue to be well-managed. As we invest in the Advisor business, we are also realizing the benefits of our re-engineering in the prior periods. Turning to Asset Management. Asset Management had strong 40% operating growth in the second quarter. We had a full three months of Columbia results this quarter compared to last year’s quarter which only reflected two months, as the acquisition closed to May. Normalizing for the extra months of Columbia’s results, earnings would have been up 25%. As Jim detailed, we had $450 million of net inflows and net revenue increase of 34%. The 19.4 operating margin includes the impact of reporting transfer agent fees on a gross basis versus net and the impact of Portfolio Navigator program modification. As we discussed in the past, we show transfer agent revenues on a gross basis. We have also modified our Portfolio Navigator program, which also grosses up revenues in this segment. We did not anticipate these changes when we originally provided the 25% margin target for 2012. These non-economic changes reduce our margin by approximately 200 basis points, and therefore a more appropriate target operating margin would be 23%. The adjusted net operating margin, which nets out the impact of these gross-ups, increased from 33.8% to 34.9%. The Columbia integration is progressing well with most of the fund merges complete and net expense synergies on track for our target of $130 million for 2011. We’re expecting net synergies in 2012 of approximately $145 million. Now turning to Annuities. Operating pre-tax income increased 46% compared to last year. As a reminder, last year’s earnings were impacted by about $17 million of unfavorable items, including mean reversion, DAC model updates and the Portfolio Navigating modifications. On an adjusted basis, earnings increased 23%. The current level of earnings in the Annuities segment represents a good quality run rate for 2011. Of course, earnings will vary based upon DAC unlockings and mean reversions. Since there was little impact from these factors this quarter, we wanted to ground you with a run rate. The Ameriprise channel continued to generate strong sales of our new variable annuity product, RAVA 5. Net inflows in this channel were about $400 million. Overall growth of the variable annuity business will be lower given our decision to exit outside distribution, but profitability remains strong, reflecting the differentiated performance of business sold through our advisor network. The fixed annuities book continues to experience net outflows reflecting low client demand in the current interest rate environment. Returns for fixed annuities remained strong with an operating ROE of 20.3% and a 250-basis-point spread this quarter. Let’s move on to Protection. Operating pre-tax income was down 35% compared to last year. Auto & Home continues to grow with revenues up 5% over last year. Results in the quarter were down $20 million and were impacted by severe storms in April and May. Our catastrophic losses were $15 million, which is reasonably good given the severity of the storms and compares well to the industry. Our 91% reported loss ratio reflects these higher losses as well as the continuing higher reserve for auto policies. We have seen improving trends and will closely monitor claims. In the Life & Health businesses, earnings declined $26 million on an operating basis. Earnings in each quarter had several unusual items. So on a normalized basis, earnings were essentially flat year-over-year. As we noted last year, we had about $9 million of favorable items, including mean reversion, DAC model updates and the Portfolio Navigator modifications, as well as unusually-low claims. This quarter, claims were $7 million higher and in line with expectations. We also put up a $7 million higher reserve on a year-over-year basis for universal life guarantees, which we started in the third quarter of 2010 and will be ongoing. Looking ahead, this level of Life & Health earnings represents a reasonable quarterly run rate for 2011. To wrap, we continue to drive a steady increase in operating ROE, reaching 14.5% this quarter. We generated strong earnings as a result of solid underlying business performance and the investments we have made to drive growth. Our mix continues to shift to lower capital businesses, which is providing a strong source of excess capital. We are prudent capital managers and we’ll continue to return capital to shareholders. Together, this is driving up return on equity toward our target of 15% in 2012 and we see further opportunity to increase ROE beyond that. Now, we’ll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) The first question is from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities LLC: Great. Just a couple quick updates. First, just the Securities America. Could you give us a quick update on whether that’s close to closing? Or could we be waiting a while on that?
James Cracchiolo: Hi, Andrew. Jim here. The Securities America process for the sale is actually proceeding well, and so we’re continuing to move that along. And in fact, yesterday, the court approved our class-action settlement on the Med Cap issues, and so that’s also something that was good to get completed. So we’re making good progress and we’ll announce something in the near future based on continuing to move forward with the deal.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. I thought I heard Walter say he wants to get the RBC ratio down to 500%, which would be a pretty big move given that you’re kind of spending down the equivalent – you’re moving down earnings a fair amount each quarter with these buybacks. Do you expect to do it all with the buy back? Or is there some M&A plans down the road?
James Cracchiolo: I’ll let Walter speak first to the dividends that we’re looking at for the Life company. And then I can come back on your last part of the question.
Walter Berman: Yes, Andrew. It’s Walter. We are anticipating that we will bring that ratio down to under 500. That’s correct. You heard it. And the amount is probably going to be in the area around $850 million as we work through it. We just have to get the approval from the state, but we don’t see any problem.
James Cracchiolo: From a capital, overall capital position, Andrew, as you know, we’re continuing to buy back. And we’ve got a new buyback authorization approved and we’re continuing to execute there. But we also have, as you know, some flexibility if a good or right opportunity that would fit in that we can get a good return or strategic capability from. But having said that, we’re going to continue to maintain some good flexibility but also return to shareholders. We think our stock price is pretty low right now.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities LLC: So M&A is is kind of quiet right now then? You don’t really see much?
James Cracchiolo: There are opportunities that are coming in about in the marketplace, so we’re going to continue to look and explore. But those things are – they come along now and then, so you have to be ready, and we have the ready capability if we need to.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then just two last quick ones. Are the synergies on Asset Management over with? No more of that effect on net closing retail with Columbia?
James Cracchiolo: Well as we announced, first of all, one of the big ones was really the mergers that occurred in the second quarter. So we haven’t seen any major – any disruptions actually from that, so we’ll see as it settles in if there’s any flow adjustments. From that perspective, it gives us an actual opportunity now to really hit the ground a little harder and consistently, and that’s why we even stepped up our new advertising in the marketplace. I hope you saw the ads. We think they’re pretty good and we really have something to talk about. So from that perspective, we think a large part of those – the synergies, there’s a few that will come about that we know about institutionally, et cetera. But other than that, I think that the large part of the front end of what we needed to do in the business is done and integrated. And so right now, we want to get really back to work and make sure that we can gain back our sales momentum and book some more business.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities LLC: So if I’m understanding what you’re saying, Jim, then any net – any outflows would be very modest going forward with respect to the synergies?
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. I mean for what we might have caused from a disruption. But as I said, there are some larger entity, parent legal entity type of business that we know will come up and do from these arrangements when we did the deal, but again, those things we know that we’re gaining new business in the Institutional channel with higher fees and mandates, as we did in the second quarter. And so we’re looking over the next number of quarters for that to be offset and start to grow again.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Like Bank of America or something. All right. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Nadel from Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everybody. A couple of quick ones for you. Walter, I think you mentioned in your opening remarks that one-time items in the quarter largely offset, but I guess I was wondering if we should really be characterizing all of the items that you guys mentioned this quarter as non-recurring. This is the second quarter of higher Threadneedle comp expense. It’s the fourth quarter of higher UL reserving. It’s the second or third quarter of higher auto liability reserving. I’m just wondering if you can help us understand where to think about all of those going from here.
Walter Berman: Hey, sure. John, as it relates to Threadneedle, the Threadneedle pattern is different than we’ve experienced because basically we’ve reconfigured the plan, working with the management at Threadneedle to allow it to not be mark-to-market, and you’ll see that impact in 2012. But there were certain amortization accelerations that are taking place and also a higher amount was granted on the conversion of the older. So you’ll see that pattern continuing possibly for the next quarter and then it’ll go back. And candidly, it’s not really resulted in appreciably-higher economic outlook; it’s just changed the characterization of it. On the bodily injury, the Auto & Home, yes, it’s continued. And there, we are seeing encouraging signs, both in severity and in frequency, and we’re monitoring that situation. We are however still booking at the high loss rate, reserving at the level that was from 2010. If this trend continues, we will obviously revisit that.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay.
Walter Berman: On the SOP, that is something – actually that is continuing, and we indicated that from that standpoint; it would continue. And the other factor, of course, was the cat losses which took place, which was way above what we thought, but again, certainly versus industry stands quite good.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. So just a final one – so just a follow-up, on the UL reserving one, I mean we’re at the point where we’ve lapped that higher level of reserving, correct? So from here, it’s just sort of a run rate.
Walter Berman: That’s right. It started in the third quarter (inaudible).
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. Then just a quick question. I’m curious on the Annuities segment. It looks like your allocated equity to the VA business increased about 10%, maybe 11% quarter-over-quarter, but VA account balances increased less than 1% quarter-over-quarter. I mean why the big disconnect there? Is that just a matter of retaining earnings and the timing of dividends?
James Cracchiolo: No, it’s more Med we’re adjust on the risk profile on the living benefits, and that was just the way the calculations ran when we did them this quarter. That was strictly based upon that.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. And then the last one for you is just looking out to 2012, I realize you guys will have an Investor Day in a few months, but just an initial view. If other than upside from the equity markets, if we were to think about upside relative to your 15% ROE objective, where should we be focusing?
James Cracchiolo: Well overall, as you said, we’re going to come forth in a few months and talk to you about how we’re going to move our strategy forward now that we’re going to be in 2012 shortly. And from that, as Walter mentioned in his opening comments, we do see the ability to grow our returns above 15% and we’ll be putting in place a plan that will show how we’ll look to do that. But we see greater opportunity, as we would say, in the Advice & Wealth Management business. We think we have a good, strong capability overall in our Asset Management. Our returns, as we de-risk some of our variable annuity business for the outside distribution, will start to reflect some of those opportunities as well as we move forward. And the business will be more, I think, refined. So again, as you’ve seen in the quarter, we’re getting good growth – good net flows in the Ameriprise channel, but we’re in outflows. But as we reconfigure that business, it’s not going to be growing as quickly because we’re not going through third-party channels, but it will be growing more profitably. And so there are things such as that as we continue to shift the companies mix. Hopefully, there we’ll also see some changes. Interest over time will have to start to percolate if we have a growing economy and that will give us a lot of benefits. So we’re going to come back to you. But we have an opportunity here to build the business, and clearly, based on what we’ve been able to accomplish and execute so far, we wanted to truly show you that we can get and we wanted to deliver to get to the 15% hurdle. As you can see this quarter, we’ve made some really good progress in executing against our plan. And so the next plan I put together is going to take us into another level. Okay?
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. And if I could, one more quick one. You guys are obviously gigantic money managers, both on the general account side and on the pure asset management side. Just wondering, Jim, yours or Ted’s perspective on what does it mean to Ameriprise if our folks in Washington don’t get it together and the U.S. is downgraded?
James Cracchiolo: Well, I think first of all, we’re in uncharted territory as a country. When you have a risk-free rate of return that everyone benchmarks off of and we have some of the lowest rates here in the United States for government debt, as well as what that triggers off of around the world, I think we’re going to see some change, particularly if we went into default. Now hopefully, what we’re talking about now which is not reasonable, even from those standards as I mentioned, is a downgrade. So I think if I apply that to Ameriprise, clearly, we have good liquidity situations as we look at the capital markets with debt, et cetera, we’re in a good situation. That’s nothing that we have to fund on a short-term basis. We have good flexibility in our portfolios where necessary, if various clients are needing liquidity or get concerned. But our clients actually handled the financial crisis, which was much more we think was much more significant than that regard well, and we maintained strong asset flows and maintained stability. So we’re not expecting anything along those lines. But you know what? We’ve made sure that some of our portfolios have moved a little to the shorter-term and the investment philosophies that Ted and his team, they’ve taken a conservative posture in the quality of assets that they’ve been investing in. We feel good about the owned assets that we have. So we’re going to be like everyone else really monitoring the situation and adjusting when necessary. But we don’t see anything significant, particularly as we see this unfolding right now. Longer-term I think is a larger issue for the country. And that will depend on whether Congress and the President come together with something that’s meaningful rather than just lifting the ceiling. But I think that’s going to affect all of us, not just financial companies, but the overall economy. And you know that from your own analysis and working with the industry.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: I appreciate your views. Thanks very much, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jay Gelb from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could talk about the sustainability of the net inflows in the Asset Management business. There was some benefits there from the reinvested dividends and you’d mentioned that the Threadneedle sales can be lumpy. So just wanted to get your sense on that going forward.
James Cracchiolo: Okay. Well, one of the things – let me start a little with Threadneedle. I know in the first quarter, we had to really comment on how that moved to a bit of outflows. There was some increased redemptions that we saw out of the European area, as well as holding on mandates for investment based on what was happening in Japan and the Middle East. And so we had mentioned that we saw stability coming and we saw improvement as we moved out of the April timeframe. And so that’s what we’re seeing now. And so Threadneedle continues I think to gather good mandates. We’ve got our first mandate in Asia this quarter. We’re ramping up our activities there. We think there’s good opportunity. Same thing with flows coming in now from the Middle East again. So the activity has increased. Now third quarter’s always a little slower, as you would know, and but having said that, we didn’t see the volatility that we saw and Europe is settling a little more with what happened in Greece. So hopefully, that will be a bit better as well as we move forward. Retail flows picked up strongly, and so you can never predict that because you’re working through intermediaries, et cetera of what that is, but that looked nicely as a turnaround from the first quarter. With Columbia, as we said, we were actually picking up sales nicely and sales were growing in June; became a bit more of a volatile period for equities and I think you saw that across the industry. July looks like that stabilized again and improved. But you know, listen, we have some things going on right now in the economy and with the country, and so I can’t predict what the flows will be as we look over the next quarter or so. But I feel good about the progress we’ve made with the fund families. We’re now putting the advertising, the wholesalers are to work with one set of group of funds. Their clients don’t have to deal with the proxies and the mergers and et cetera. And we’ve got to be hard at work here. So this is going to take some time to gain the ground that we want. So again, I can’t predict that we’re going to be in inflows and retail in the short-term, but I’m hoping that we’re going to show continued improvement quarter-to-quarter. Institutional, I do feel good about the pipeline there. We know that we’re going to lose some mandates from what we had previously. But we know that going in and so we’re really working on mandates that have good fees, mandates that we have strong investment performance. We have a much bigger and better lineup than we ever had with the combination of the two. We have a stronger Institutional sales team on the ground now gaining traction. We’re off held – we’re out of the hold period on the consultants across the board, so we’re seeing things pick up, but those things continue to take time to build and get in front of people. But so far, the tractions been pretty good and I think you saw that in the second quarter building from the first quarter. So I can’t sit here and tell you I can predict the flows; I can just tell you that I think what we have in place is great, great capability, terrific performance, a motivated team and we’ll deal with the economy and the markets as they unfolded. But again, I think we are someone that could be successful in the marketplace.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you. And then next issue, on the property casualty personalized insurance business, can you give us a sense of strategically why it make sense for Ameriprise to be in that business. It appears to be subscale and has added some volatility in recent quarters.
James Cracchiolo: Okay. Well, I think you have to look at the components of – so this is a direct affinity-type model and asset level. It is not subscale. And in fact, it’s come over the last few years into a scaled situation. It’s actually one of the better and larger providers in that light and it’s a very attractive space. And if you look at many of the large companies, they’re starting to figure out whether they need to be there looking at Progressive and others. We were just rated in the top five and that’s ahead of all the majors in Auto & Home in client satisfaction, which is pretty significant and there’s only a few names there that are more smaller and probably less visible to the broader public there. We actually have a very good model, a good underwriting model. So even if you look at the major storms that hit the Midwest and the South and the billions that it cost the industry, we had $15 million in cat losses, so that’s again quite manageable through a very volatile period. In the Auto area, just so you know, in certain areas, you do get spikes in bodily injury or PIP, et cetera. It’s across the industry. We’ve actually now put in rate increases in those areas and we’ve adjusted where we underwrite even a bit more. But Walter said the claims have come down. That was sort of a quarter, quarter-plus blip, so we don’t know whether that’s – it didn’t look like or realize to be at this point based on the next two quarters. So I wouldn’t say that one blip should be a big black mark because we had good earnings from this business over multiple periods. We scaled it up. We’re getting good returns on capital there. We got good underwriting. We save our clients as they take these policies on average $500 a year based on and we have very high satisfaction. And so we think it is a complement. It’s not necessarily an integrated part of the court to point you reference. So strategically, we do have flexibility as we think about it, but we think it’s a nice complement. It gives us some diversification and we think it does provide a good consumer benefit that we can gain relationships over time with. But as, of course, we’ll always evaluate it if things change, but outside of this sort of blip period, we got a good business here and I think one that as we continue to invest and scale up will be worth a lot – and it worth a lot of money today.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you for the answers. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey guys. Good morning. So Walter, wanted to kind of go over some of the margin numbers for these one more time. So I think last quarter in Asset Management, you guys already had sort of the transfer agency arrangement in place as gross versus net, as well as the Portfolio Navigator change. Yet, I think last quarter, you kind of stuck to the 25% operating margin goal for 2012. So what’s changed sequentially?
Walter Berman: I don’t think anything has changed. I think we just are making you aware of the impact factor of those two items. And we’re just trying to – just recalibrate from that standpoint. Nothing has changed. It’s just as these are big gross-ups and they have an impact on margin. That’s all we’re letting you know.
James Cracchiolo: One thing I’d just add to that. Walter’s 100% right. If you look at the gross-ups, it’s in revenue and the same amount goes into expense. There’s no PTI. But when you look at the margin, particularly off the business as it including grew from even last year, it actually squeezes the margin more because of that as an in and out. Columbia used to have that as a net. And finally, as we looked across the industry, again, we adjusted it to be industry standard. But when we actually came out with a GAAP margin, we didn’t have that factored in. We didn’t realize the significance of it. And the same thing as we adjusted the EPN. Now having said that, as I mentioned to you and Walter, that’s why we’re starting to look at adjusted margin as the key number. And when we look at the adjusted margin, that comes out. So as you said, like this quarter, we’re at 34.9. We have not adjusted the goal or anything that we want to get that to close to 40%, even though the GAAP margin. But we noticed that many of you are tracking the GAAP margin against the 25. So we wanted to highlight that as the business grows, we would actually get more squeeze based on that gross-up of just revenue and expense. And it’s just a net wash to zero margin. But on the adjusted, we haven’t changed anything, because that gets washed out and so we’re still striving to get to that 40% mark rather than where we are today at the 35%. Does that help you?
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. That’s very helpful. Thanks. And then on Threadneedle, so I guess you guys eliminated the mark-to-market impact in comp? And starting 2012, it’s going to be more of a fixed number? Is that higher or lower from the run rate this year?
Walter Berman: No. What’s going to happen, it’s going to take on the characterization, like options or anything of that nature. It’s not going to be in a mark-to-market category. So it would be substantially muted. And we’ll still have the amortization expense, but that has always been in there. But you’re not going to have that lumpiness as you saw back in 2010, 2011. So that’s what we did. We just redesigned the program to allow us not to go to mark-to-market.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And maybe shifting gears a little bit, net interest income, it sounds like so obviously short-term rates is a big drag for you guys and a lot of other folks. If you look sequentially, some of the bigger drags I guess came from AWM as well as Annuities business. If you think about the risk I think going forward, as long as the short-term rates don’t go up and the shape of the U-curve doesn’t change, how low do you think this could go? What’s the risk over the next year-plus?
James Cracchiolo: Well, on the short-term side, on the sweep accounts, I believe we’re at a reasonable level where it’ll stay at that. And the long race is where the problem is on our asset earning rate. Obviously, as we replace and redemptions take place and maturities take place, we’re investing at lower AURs. So that will continue and will build. And again, if the U-curve does not change. So it’ll continue. As we’ve indicated I think previously, we will have an impact that’s manageable, but we will have an impact. And you’re seeing some of that in this quarter.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Have you guys ever quantified it?
Walter Berman: Alex, we didn’t hear that.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Have you guys ever quantified the impact, so let’s say again, like knowing what you know about reinvestment and the rates going out, let’s say they stay the same, what would be the impact?
Walter Berman: I think – actually I don’t think we’ve quantified it, but as again, it depends on how long it goes and what level. But you would see, and I think we’ve talked about it in the $30 million, $40 million range.
James Cracchiolo: And we’ll update all of that based on what unfolds here over the next quarter. So definitely by the analyst meeting, but maybe probably by the next time on the third quarter.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. And then last one for me –
Walter Berman: You know that’s an annual number I was giving you – I just wanted to – okay.
James Cracchiolo: That was an annual number Walter said, and that was done a while ago.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, thanks. And then just a last one from me on capital management. Jim, so you obviously think the stock is pretty attractive here. How do you think about the pace of deployment in the new $2 billion buyback? Same run rate, kind of $300 million to $400 million a quarter? Or do you think there’s an opportunity for you guys to step up a little more?
James Cracchiolo: Well, what I would say is, you know, as you saw, we started when we started the program, and we started where we saw an opportunity. And then we slowed that down during the latter part of last year, and then we accelerate it again based on what we saw happening with the value of the company as well as the flexibility we have. So I’m not going to pigeon hole it to a quarterly number. But what I would just say is the stock is attractive. We have capital. We also will make sure that we look out for good opportunities. But we have the flexibility to do what we think is appropriate to return to shareholders. So let me just leave it at that, not to be tied to anything that won’t give me the flexibility to operate.
Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Thanks and good morning. A couple of questions. First, I just wanted to follow up on Alex’s question about the Asset Management margin. Clearly, the reason that a lot of us model to GAAP results is because that’s the way that you report it and that’s also the target that you’ve established. So I’d just like to be clear, is the message that we’re getting today that because of these I guess changes, that the new 2012 Asset Management pre-tax margin target on a GAAP basis is 23%? Or are you saying that these changes are causing a 200-basis-point drag but you still think you can hit the 25%? Thanks.
James Cracchiolo: So I’ll start, Walter wants to complement. Based on this extent of the gross-up that we’re doing with the TA, which is pretty significant, and I don’t think we realize that impact against the margin target when they made this adjustment to tell you. It is a 200-basis-points change against that goal from 25% to 23%. So if you look at it now, if you pull that out and we’re doing it the way when we set up the goal even last year, you would find that the 19.4 number would go up adjusted just by pulling out the gross revenue and the expense based on making that change. So the goal in itself hasn’t changed. The accounting based upon what we made the change has caused the GAAP margin to get compressed. But the range of improvement from when we started, if you pull out that accounting change, would still get you to 25%. So we can look at it one of two ways. We can report to you every quarter what that gross-up is and adjust for it so that we can say 19.4 becomes 20 some, 21-plus percent against the 25, or we can say to you that’s the way we’re going to report it and the 25 is really 23. Now over time, what I would hope we would do is talk about the adjusted margin number and I would hope to say to you that 35% I want to get to 40%. But you can see the difference even there on a grosser net is due to that in and out. So I would say, Suneet, if it was helpful, we would say to you if you want to track it based on reported, that the 25% is 23%. But again, I have no problem, or Walter has no problem, if you want to stick to the 25% that we try to identify what that gross-up is every quarter and report it to you. So it’s one of two ways, but –
Walter Berman: The only thing I can really at this end point, is when we did set that up and we disclosed it all, those programs were not in – understood certainly EPN was not there. So when we evaluate it, and while we are tracking, and certainly we are beginning to see the drag of that. And as Jim said, we’re going to certainly try and go from the 34.9% up to 40% and certainly increase our margins, but if the EPN program is quite a large program, and the transfer agency we announced, we made the alignment last quarter. But the EPN is the larger of the issue, and that is large. And as it’s large, it certainly is very beneficial for the company, but it does have an impact on the margins. So we’re just giving that information.
James Cracchiolo: I just want to be clear for someone. If it’s not clear, maybe we have to do a little spreadsheet on it. We have not changed the goal from when we started against the base business as it was done when we acquired Columbia. EPN came in last year, and when we actually acquired Columbia, we realized that their accounting was not including it on a gross basis the way it is that we want to adjust it like we used to do it. So that’s really what occurred after we set the target. Remember, we set the target before we ever closed on Columbia. And so we’re just trying to be clear with you, but the goal and the improvement over what was the core of the business has not changed.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. I guess I’d vote for more detail just until we get to maybe the Investor Day this year, and then you just give us the adjusted margin target so we can all kind of talk about what I think you guys are referring to as the more important measures. That would be kind of my advice.
James Cracchiolo: Well we’ll be happy to do that. We understand that this is something we’re introducing. So we’ll wait for the financial community, we’ll show you what everything looks like there, but we’ll continue to report with the adjustments that we’ll provide you as commentary.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. Excellent. And then I guess on the capital side of the picture, I think the prepared comments – in your prepared comments, Walter, you talked about 90% of your I think operating earnings being sort of re-deployable capital. I guess should we view that as sustainable? Presumably, what that would imply is that all of your Asset Management and Advice & Wealth earnings are re-deployable and a pretty good chunk of your other business earnings I think maybe upwards around 75% for the Protection Annuity business is re-deployable. I mean is that really sustainable? Or should we expect that 90% to come down because you think at some point, you’ll start to reinvigorate some of the sales growth?
Walter Berman: All right, okay. Let me answer the question this way. I do believe it is sustainable and what drives it is the shift that we are seeing as we continue to generate substantial earnings growth in our AWM and our Asset Management business. We also are gaining the benefit the markets being where they are, are certainly lowering the requirement for the Annuities business. And so from that standpoint, if the current trend line stay was the market staying in these ranges, I believe that is sustainable with the shifts we’ve seen in our mix. And that’s why we report it that way because we used to talk you about as new business is actually a lot of activity going on, the total business which creates that 90/10 situation. So I do believe that it is sustainable in the current external environment.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. My last question for Jim is, so given the pieces that we’re talking about here, significant amount of excess capital generation every quarter, a significant amount of excess capital on the balance sheet, even with the capital re-deployment that you’ve done, and then a stock price that’s obviously a lot lower than where it has been earlier. Would you consider doing something like an accelerated buyback on the assumption that you still have debt capacity if you came across an acquisition opportunity, given where your debt-to-capital ratio is? Thanks.
James Cracchiolo: Excellent question. We, as we said, we’re continuing to analyze our situation. I mean the stock has pulled back a lot in the period. We’re looking at the market environment, looking at opportunities and these are the things that we have cross-discussed with our Board to make sure that we’re taking everything into account for the best overall return over time to the shareholders. So, Suneet, your hypothesis, your evaluation, is right on. Those are the things we think about and those are the things that we’ll continue to have discussion on. So I’d like to probably leave it at that at this point in time knowing that I’ve received good input from people such as yourself.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead
Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much, good morning. I have just one question. I think earlier, Jay was mentioning that, and I noticed this too, that the Columbia close on the retail side were helped in a very big way by this reinvestment of dividends, a level of reinvestment that was much higher than what we saw I think in most of the other quarters, certainly than in the year-ago quarter. Now I understand that this is something to do with again VPN, VP – variable annuity product, as well as with the timing of dividends. Two questions. What is really going on here? And can we suspect – can we anticipate that this will be sustainable? Thank you.
James Cracchiolo: Well, Eric, I’ll start, then Walter. I think on the dividend side, it is sustainable based on many of our clients have reinvestment plans appropriate, particularly as we look at the VIP funds in the Annuity area, et cetera. And you know we have a very good business there. So that’s a real positive versus the industry that there is a higher level on those distributions that come out. And so that’s one thing. As far as the number by quarter, I’ll ask Walter because he can probably answer that a little better from what we’re tracking.
Walter Berman: Yeah, the majority of that is the variable annuities and it is concentrated more in the second quarter. And that is pretty much an automatic from that standpoint, so certainly is sustainable. And as you’re aware, we actually do earn money on this, so it – but it is something that we anticipate. The other – the ones coming from a non-VPO spread, but again, the concentration is in the second quarter and a little bit in the fourth quarter.
Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: So, Walt, are you saying in other words, if I could just check my understanding of the response, are you saying that we will see it in the future but it is, let’s call it, seasonal meanings tied to the quarters two and four?
Walter Berman: Yes.
Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Walter Berman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The last question is from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Good morning. Just a few Asset Management questions. The – so Walter, I just want to make sure I got the margin numbers straight in terms of the 23% target. So the corresponding number this quarter would have been the 19.4% margin, which then if we normalize the Threadneedle unusually-high expenses, would have been 20.4%? So you’re expecting 20.4% this quarter to get to 23% by the end – is it by the end of 2012 or is that the average of2012? I just want to make sure I have that math correct?
Walter Berman: All right. So obviously on the math, the 19.4% is the start point. And then we talked about the 200 basis points that is relating to the gross-up, which if that wasn’t there, would have been 200 basis points higher. The Threadneedle, I haven’t actually done the calculation on the seven, I’ll be candid. But it looks approximately right from that standpoint. As I indicated, we’ll get a little bit of carryover into the third quarter on the Threadneedle again. And then it will dissipate and go into a normal pattern. So if the math is right on the seven, yeah, I guess you can take it and add it to that point.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: And when would you expect to get the 23% by? Just from a timing standpoint?
Walter Berman: The 23% was, we were going to achieve that in – if we’re using 23% now versus 25%, we said we would achieve that in 2012 timeframe.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Would that be the average in 2012?
Walter Berman: It’ll be the annual return in 2012 on the PTI margin.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay. And just to clarify, the change that we’re seeing here, that’s resulting in higher revenues but not lower profitability? So the profits are the same as you thought, but the reported GAAP revenues are higher? Is that the main difference in terms of the (inaudible) accounting?
Walter Berman: That’s exactly – we grossed it up. That’s right. We grossed it at revenue; PTIs did not change at all.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just on the flows. Jim, you had mentioned in July things had gotten a bit worse in June, but then you saw it stabilize in July. By stabilize, do you mean things have improved from a net flow standpoint from June into July? Or are they running at the same level? And also just wanted to clarify, was that a comment on just the U.S. or was that broader? Because I’d be curious if you’re seeing any changes in Threadneedle just because of what’s going in in Europe particularly into July. Thanks.
James Cracchiolo: Great. So thank you for asking for the clarification. Yeah, I guess it could be misinterpreted, as you actually just said it. When we meant it went back to the way it was prior to June. So it was improving again and not getting that ratchet effect of what we saw in June. And that was really talking domestic. From an international perspective, in July, we don’t – I don’t have a lot of that information yet. But it looked like it continued good flows through the June period. It didn’t look like June had the effect that we had in the U.S. And so I can’t tell you what July looks like in Europe, but I’m not expecting any radical change. And hopefully based on things settling down in Europe with Greece, hopefully that will become a little more stable.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks a lot.
James Cracchiolo: Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Cracchiolo, I’ll turn the call back over to you for final remarks.
James Cracchiolo: I want to thank everyone. I know we had adjusted the time today. We know that there was a number of other earnings releases coming out, so we wanted to give you an opportunity in case that you were double booked. And we hope that we’ve been clear with the information we’re providing. We’re trying to give you more. You can look at what we’ve given you in the supplements so that you can do your analysis. Alicia is going to be around working with you if you have any other questions or comments. I will leave you with this thought. I know it’s always hard quarter-to-quarter and there’s a lot of ins and outs last year. So for you to crack some of those against this year, I can understand some of the questions and some of the differences. So we’re going to try to get better and be clearer. Last year, there wasn’t a lot of going on with the DAC unlockings and the mean reversions and the market changes. But we feel like we’re getting to a more normalized period now. We feel the business is operating quite well. As I said, you can’t market-to-market, day-to-day. There’s always going to be variations in the businesses that we’re in, but the trend line if you look over the quarters, if you look at what we said we wanted to do and how we’re doing it, we are executing. We are getting good results. The profitability in these segment, whether even at the margins were at, et cetera, are quite good compared to the industry, quite good compared to generating and the type of scale businesses we now have. And so we feel good, and as we’ve said, we try to communicate to you that we have good flexibility. We’re one of the few people buying back stock at this level if you look at our cap level and look at our capital, and having the flexibility that we have today, though the environment has proved out there. So we’ll continue to look at the best ways to deploy that, the best ways to continue to invest for growth. We don’t want to stop at where we are. We feel we are on a good trajectory. We want to continue that, given markets are reasonable and hopefully our government will do their work as we’re all trying to do so that we can get back to a good step. So thank you and if there’s anything else, please let us know and we’ll continue to try to communicate as best we can. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the first quarter 2011 earnings call.  My name is [Sandra] and I will be your operator for today's call.  At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.  Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session.  Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Chad Sanner.  Mr. Sanner, you may begin.
Chad Sanner: Thank you and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial first quarter earnings call.  With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we will take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations.  Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance.  These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release and related presentation slides, our 2010 annual report to shareholders and our 2010 10-K report.  We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning.  Thanks for joining us for our first quarter earnings discussion.  This morning, Walter and I will update you on our performance and then we'll take your questions. This was another strong quarter for Ameriprise financial.  We continue to make good progress in growing our high-return Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses highlighted by record advisor productivity and client assets and by strong investment performance in fund sales. At the same time, our insurance and annuity businesses continue to generate solid returns.  For the quarter, on an operating basis and excluding the Securities America legal expenses, we reported earnings of $347 million, an increase of 54% over a year ago. Revenues increased by 22% to $2.6 billion and our return on equity increased to an all-time high of 13.6% for the trailing 12 months.  Our strong financial foundation continues to contribute to our growth. Our balance sheet and capital are among the strongest in the industry and we have the ability to return significant capital to shareholders.  In fact, during the quarter, we repurchased 6.5 million shares for $395 million. Since starting our buyback program last May we have repurchased nearly $1 billion of our stock.  Today we also announced the largest dividend increase we have ever made.  The quarterly dividend will increase 28% to $0.23 per share. While we're focused on growing the business, we are maintaining our long-time commitment to expense control and reengineering.  We're on a run rate to achieve our reengineering targets for the year and we will continue to use the proceeds to fund our growth and to improve the bottom line. Overall, we feel very good about the trajectory of our results and the position we're in.  Before I discuss our performance by business, I'd like to give you some detail on our decisions regarding Securities America. As you're probably aware, Securities America has been involved in a legal process related to sales or private placement securities issued by [Medical Capital] and [Providence Shale].  Both of those companies have been accused of fraud by the FCC and are in receivership. After careful consideration we determined that a reasonable and expeditious solution to this unfortunate situation was in the best interest of all constituents.  The $150 million comprehensive settlement includes the $40 million previously reserved. The net after-tax charge, as we reported in the earnings release, was $77 million, which includes the settlement and related legal fees.  Our value proposition is centered on our Ameriprise branded advisor force and that is where we will continue to focus our energy. As a result, we intend to identify an appropriate buyer for Securities America.  Just to be clear, the sale process will not affect our commitment to complete the settlement on its current terms.  I should also note that this move will have a [deminimous] impact on our results. Now, I'd like to talk about our segment performance.  First, Advice & Wealth Management delivered another strong quarter wit operating pretax income increasing by 94% over a year ago to $99 million.  We continue to make progress in improving margins. For the quarter, the segment's pretax operating margin reached 10.8%, which is approximately four percentage points higher than last year.  We remain focused on improving advisor productivity and we reached our highest advisor productivity ever. Several factors are contributing to the improvements.  First, client activity has continued its steady recovery.  Given the depth of the financial crisis it is no surprise to us that retail clients have been reluctant to take on risk. Now, risk appetites are gradually returning as clients recognize the need to generate returns.  As a result, transactional activity increased and our branded retail client assets reached an all-time high of $315 billion, highlighted by strong growth in wrap products. We recorded wrap net inflows of $2.8 billion for the quarter and total wrap assets reached $103 billion. Second, the long-term work we've done to strengthen the economics of our advisor force is paying off.  We surpassed 1000 experienced advisory recruits since we cranked up that effort the end of 2008 and those advisors are highly productive.  Many of them have joined our employee channel, which has led to much stronger profitability in that part of the business. Now that we've substantially reengineered the advisory force, our total advisor count has stabilized.  While we will continue to experience attrition of lower-producing advisors, we will also continue to bring in better producers. Advisor retention is very strong across the force with retention of our franchisees increasing to 94% and with employee advisor retention reaching 87%.  The employee number represents a very large improvement.  It's up 14 percentage points in just one year. We're also acquiring valuable clients at a better rate, both from experienced advisor recruits bringing over their clients and from client acquisition work by our advisors. Finally, we continue to make investments in the business.  Our brand building and training efforts continue and so does our work to roll out a new industry standard brokerage platform. The Asset Management segment also delivered a strong quarter with pretax operating income of $136 million.  Compared to a year ago, revenues essentially doubled to $737 million and the segment's adjusted pretax operating margin was 33.6%. Next week will mark one year since we closed the Columbia transaction.  The integration remains on track and the combined business is performing very well.  Our strong performing fund lineup is generating increasing sales and we further built out the lineup during the quarter with new absolute return funds and by acquiring active ETF capabilities. Overall, assets under management increased to $465 billion.  Moving to flows, we continued to experience net outflows with $2 billion in net outflows at Colubmia and $3 billion at Threadneedle. As we look into these numbers, some of the trends are improving significantly.  I'd like to give you some detail. Columbia retail net outflows of $0.5 billion reflects a significant improvement over the past quarter since the acquisition.  While we still saw redemptions in fixed income, particularly in tax exempt, we drove strong retail sales growth, mainly in equities. We distribute Columbia products in many advisor channels and we identified a number of firms that we want to provide with a strong focus.  Sales store focus firms are especially promising.  In fact, for the quarter, sales of long-term retail mutual funds were at the highest levels since before we announced the acquisition. In our domestic institutional business, net outflows in the quarter continued to come mostly from the loss of low-margin assets.  In fact, the higher margin institutional mandates sold recently will offset revenues lost from the higher institutional outflows.  The pipeline of institutional sales continues to look promising. Threadneedle reported net outflows of $0.6 billion, which was largely from increased volatility due to geopolitical events.  The Japan crisis and the unrest in the Middle East have raised investors' desire to safety and caution. As a result, redemptions increased during the period.  Sales remained consistent.  Threadneedle also had $2.4 billion in institutional net outflows with more than half coming from expected and low-margin [Zurich] outflows. The international institutional flows picture looks considerably better so far in the second quarter with sizeable mandates coming from international markets outside the UK.  Threadneedle's financial performance was impacted by higher expenses from and industry-wide regulatory levee as well as the annual enterprise valuation adjustment expense that we recognize in the first quarter of each year. Assets under management at Threadneedle increased to $107 billion.  In general, our investment performance remains strong.  Columbia has 52 four and five star funds out of a total of 120 that are rated by Morningstar and the trend in domestic performance remains solid across asset classes. At Threadneedle, performance has returned to its historically strong levels.  In annuities, we reported pretax operating earnings of $174 million, up 30% compared to last year.  The business continues to perform well with continuing strong sales of new variable annuity products we introduced last year. For the quarter, we drove $347 million in net variable annuity inflows from the Ameriprise channel.  Overall, net flows in this business were $104 million reflecting expected outflows from outside distribution channels where we have stopped sales. Outflows from contracts sold outside the Ameriprise channel will continue.  Overall, our decision to exit outside distribution of variable annuities positions us to generate better returns on capital with lower risk. Fixed annuities continue in net outflows, which will continue as long as the interest rate environment remains unfavorable to new contracts.  The book we have continues to generate good spread earnings and good returns and asset persistency remains high. The protection segment produced pretax operating earnings of $106 million, which was down 10% compared with a year ago.  While industry-wide sales of insurance products remain challenging, we continue to feel very comfortable with the condition of our insurance business. Our underwriting performance has been strong and our $192 billion book of life insurance and force continues to provide solid recurring returns.  We have a number of initiatives underway to turn around the sales trends and life insurance products. As our advisor force has changed through acquisition and recruiting, we brought in a lot of advisors who were not previously focused on selling insurance.  We're working with them to help them understand the products and to train them to have insurance-related conversations with their clients. At the same time, we work to simplify product descriptions and the process for entering into a contract. The auto and home business continued to grow policy counts and premiums, driven in part by continuing strong sales through our partnership with Progressive.  Auto and home losses and loss frequency improved sequentially and in the quarter returned to more normal levels. However, we continue to reserve for an 85% loss level in the quarter.  If losses continue to more normal levels we will be able to adjust reserves downward. To summarize, we continue to make solid, steady progress with driving higher margins for our less capital demanding businesses and the four businesses are working in complement with each other to drive growing consolidated earnings and returns. We continue to believe we have further room to expand our returns.  At the same time, we continue to manage our financial foundation prudently.  Our balance sheet and capital positions are exceptionally strong and we are staying true to our expense and risk management philosophies and we are returning significant amounts of capital to shareholders both through our share repurchase program and through our $0.05 per share increase in dividend. Overall, this was a very good start to the year and we feel good about our ability to continue making progress.  Now, I'll turn it over to Walter and later we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim.  We generated strong earnings across all measures with reported EPS up 16% from last year, operating up 24% and operating excluding Securities America legal expense up 59%.  The SAI legal charge was $77 million after tax or $0.30 per share. In addition to the legal charge we took during the quarter, as Jim said, we have made the decision to pursue a sale of SAI.  As a result, we have moved SAI results from the Advice & Wealth Management segment to the Corporate and Other segment. Beginning in the second quarter, we intend to present SAI as discontinued operations for all prior periods.  Our loan capital businesses, Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management continue to drive our growth and earnings mix shift. That shift, combined with prudent capital management, resulted in an operating ROE of 12.8% or 13.6% when excluding the SAI charge.  In addition, our balance sheet fundamental remain strong in all areas. We have substantial liquidity, a strong excess capital position and our debt to capital ratio remains conservative.  I'll go into more detail shortly.  On the next slide, I will provide some detail on the quarter. As you likely saw, we enhanced our operating earnings definition to now exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed living benefits.  Operating net revenues grew 22% to $2.6 billion in the quarter while net operating earnings, excluding the SAI expense, were $347 million, up 54%. Operating earnings per share, excluding the SAI legal charge, increased 59% to $1.35 reflecting growth and improved margins in Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management.  Our results were impacted by both positive and negative items but we believe the EPS of $1.35 is a good measure that reflects the strong underlying fundamentals of our business. We did have a tax time benefit this quarter, which brought our effective tax rate to 23.2% versus our targeted 2011 range of 26% to 28%.  We also were impacted by a regulatory levee at Threadneedle as well as the higher G&A expense as result of the annual Threadneedle valuation. In addition, the first quarter had two fewer business days than the fourth quarter of 2010, which lowered earnings by $10 million after tax.  We continue to make progress in shifting our earnings mix to greater contributions from our low capital businesses. In the first quarter of 2011 these businesses generated 59% of our operating net revenues, up from 51% in the first quarter last year and 56% from the full year of 2010.  Management distribution fees in AWM and Asset Management increased 49% driven by the Columbia acquisition, positive markets and increased client activity. Continued strong revenue growth, combined with margin expansion, AWM and Asset Management resulted in 46% of our operating earnings from our low capital businesses, up 23% a year ago and 41% for the full year of 2010. We feel good about the progress we're making and the actions we are taking to continue this trend.  Now, I'll move on to our segment performance. In Advice & Wealth Management, which no longer reflects SAI results, you can see that our PTI nearly doubled year-over-year with net revenues increasing 19% and operating margins improving to 10.8%. Ameriprise advisor productivity was up 23% over last year as client activity improved and assets under management increased due to market appreciation and client net inflows.  Branded client wrap assets exceeded $103 billion with net inflows of $2.8 billion for the quarter.  This activity is in line with pre-crisis levels and reflects clients shifting back to equity-based products. Interest rates continue to negatively impact our earnings in this segment with our brokerage cash spreads still at a low level of 46 basis points.  On a sequential basis, operating earnings were also impacted by approximately $6 million due to two fewer business days than the fourth quarter of 2010. Expenses continue to be well managed.  As we invest in the advisor business, we are also realizing the benefits of our reengineering in prior periods.  On the next slide I'll discuss Asset Management. The Asset Management segment had another strong quarter with operating net revenues doubling year-over-year and very strong PTI improvement.  Overall, we saw improved net flows sequentially. Columbia had improving retail sales and net flows along with better institutional flows.  Threadneedle net flows were negatively impacted by the dislocation in the Middle East and Japan as European investors took a more defensive posture with their investments while the majority of institutional outflows continued to be from low margin, including [Zurich] accounts. Asset Management operating earnings were also negatively impacted by $10 million sequentially due to two fewer days than in the fourth quarter of 2010.  Adjusting for this impact as well as the Threadneedle expense items, adjusted net operating margins were 37.1% and operating margins were 20.8% compared to 33.6% and 19.7% respectively in the fourth quarter of 2010, excluding hedge fund performance fees. Columbia management integration is proceeding according to planned and we feel very good about the business synergies we are realizing.  We realized savings of approximately $106 million since the acquisition closed and we are on an annualized run rate of $124 million. Integration expenses remain on track as well.  In Q1 we expensed $29 million and since announcement we have expensed $136 million.  Let's move to annuities. Operating pretax income increase by 30% year-over-year.  In the quarter we modified our operating earnings definition to exclude the market impact on variable annuities guaranteed living benefits. Our treatment is now consistent with the majority of our peers.  The guaranteed living benefit expense was $17 million in the first quarter, the same as last year.  Included in our operating results is the market impact on separate account balances or mean reversion, which was a benefit of $16 million this quarter versus $7 million last year. The Ameriprise channel continued to generate strong sales of our new variable annuity product [Rabber 5].  Net flows in this channel were $347 million.  Redemptions in the outside distribution channel were consistent with prior trends but since we stopped sales we had net flows of approximately $250 million. The fixed annuity book continues to experience net outflows reflecting low client demand in the current interest rate environment.  We feel good about the business we book and the spread is strong at 2.6%.  Now, I will discuss the Protection segment. The life and health business continues to generate consistent results.  DI and long-term care claims are in line with expectations and we continue to reserve at higher levels for our UL product with secondary guarantees. Auto & Home continue to grow with premiums increasing 5% over last year.  The aggregate loss ratio was 85.6% in the quarter, which included $8 million in higher auto liability reserves.  However, in the first quarter, our reported losses and frequency have improved to the levels prior to the increase in the latter part of 2010.  We will continue to monitor our claims and re-examine our reserve levels in the second quarter. Expenses remain well-controlled with the expense ratio at 15% for the quarter.  Aside from those items, the insurance businesses continue to generate good results.  Please turn to the next slide. We continue to manage our financial foundation well, which has enabled us to return capital to shareholders.  During the quarter, we repurchased 6.5 million shares for $395 million.  At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $531 million remaining on our current authorization. As Jim said, we also increased our dividend $0.05 per share, or 28% to $0.23.  We continue to hold more than $1.5 billion in excess capital and our cash flow remains strong at $2.5 billion with $1.5 billion of free cash. The quality of that balance sheet will also remain strong.  Our preliminary estimates of [Riversource] risk-based capital ratio is above 585% and our unrealized gain position is $1.4 billion. Our balance sheet ratios continue to remain conservative, both in terms of leverage and coverage ratios.  Finally, our variable annuity hedge programs continue to be quite effective. So to summarize, we generated strong earnings in the quarter as a result of solid, underlying business performance.  We continue to drive our mix toward lower capital businesses, managing our excess capital effectively and driving our operating returns to a higher end of our on-average, over-time targets. Our balance sheet remains strong, including our capital and liquidity positions and we are managing our risk exposures prudently, positioning the company for continued growth.  Now we will take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).  Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: First question, just with buybacks -- substantial step up in the level of buybacks this quarter.  Is it possible to provide some color as to whether we should expect this level of buyback this quarter to be a good run rate as we look out over the course of the year?
Jim Cracchiolo: We actually stepped up, as you said, the buy backs in the quarter.  We thought that was appropriate based upon the cash generation we had, the excess position and what we wanted to achieve overall, including with the dividend increase. So I think we're going to continue to be proactive in this area.  I can't say exactly that we will trend line it exactly as you saw in the first quarter based on current economic or business circumstances on the market but I would say that we will be at a bit higher level. We achieved roughly about a $1 billion since we announced the buyback and we will be going to our board to talk about an increase to a buyback program at the end of the second quarter and that would be earlier than we would have normally when we asked for the original buyback approval, which was extended over two years.
Nigel Dally: Second question is with [by] the productivity, clearly very solid improvements this quarter.  I think you talked in the past about when you hire veteran agents it takes time for their productivity to improve and certainly being evident in their results.  But is most of that now being realized and so are we reaching a level where productivity gains [are actively] somewhat leveling off?
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say for two reasons we wouldn't expect that we would be looking for increased productivity gains as we continue in the future for probably two or three reasons.  One is the one you just mentioned. As people come into the network it does take them time to transfer the book to become fully productive again.  We're still going through that maturation process.  So people who were added last year need to ramp up.  The people who were two years ago are ramping up but they've still got a little ways to go.  So probably when you look at hitting sort of a two, 2.5 year cycle, they probably get closer to what their full -- the total prior production was. So we will see ramp up for people that we previously brought on, including those that we're bringing on or brought on in the first quarter.  I would also say that we, ourselves, have always driven productivity improvements based upon our channel helping our advisors grow their practices. So we're continuing to do that this quarter.  We will be conducting comprehensive training programs again throughout our network and helping our advisors to concentrate on areas to improve their practice management, to how to grow their book, how to acquire higher level clients, etc cetera. So we will continue to focus on productivity improvements.  We don't just look at, as others do particularly in the independent channel, just bringing people onboard.  We have probably the highest productivity increases against our core network of advisors on an annual basis and that's where we'll continue to focus. Then Walter mentioned, again, retail activity has come back a bit more as people are continuing to get more settled and to reinvest.  So some cash has moved back from the sidelines, back into the products such as wrap and now annuity products, etc cetera.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb: I wanted to touch base on the net flow activity.  First, on Columbia -- well, I have two questions.  First, on Columbia, do you anticipate the net flows could turn positive this year overall for Columbia?  Then for Threadneedle, I think, Jim, you talked about in the opening remarks how institutional flows in the second quarter for Threadneedle could be better than the first.  Could you give us a sense of magnitude there?
Jim Cracchiolo: First, on the Columbia, I can't predict moving into a net inflow, particularly on an annual basis, but maybe on a quarterly basis.  I think it has more to it some of the lumpiness that we may experience, again, on some of these parent relationships, or ex-parent relationships, that we and Columbia had that may drive some lumpy outflows. But what I could say to you is this.  Our timeline, particularly in retail, that are higher margin products is trending very nicely with a significant increase in the first quarter in sales activity.  Again, we're still in a new outflow and that's mainly due to the redemption particularly in some of the fixed income product but that seems to be improving, particularly as people have moved more back to equities, which is one of our strong suites here. So that could be a positive that can turn.  I can't predict the exact quarter for it.  The next thing I would say is on the institutional side, even if the outflow doesn't turn -- and, again, I would say there will be some lumpiness on that and there may be some other larger contracts that do not renew. I would say that on a revenue basis, as we said for the first quarter, that could be positive because we are winning mandates and higher fee products in areas that we're really concentrating on.  So on a dollar volume, maybe not, but on a revenue, yes.  I think that could be a possibility as we continue to move forward. But, again, we're building the pipeline, we're executing, we're very focused and this will come, we think, in time. Threadneedle, yes, Threadneedle was a bit lumpy in the quarter.  If you go back to second quarter of last year when there was the volatility in Europe, we experienced a similar thing.  Retail flows changed very quickly and institutional mandates didn't come in immediately.  The costs of it were put on hold. But then it ramped up later on with that pent up demand and we got positive in the third and fourth quarter.  So I would just say that I think we experienced some of that in the first quarter. We are seeing more mandates come in on the institutional side as we started April.  I can't dictate what will be outflows.  [Zurich], for instance, was $1.4 billion roughly of the $2 billion we mentioned.  There was also another low-margin mandate that we lost during the quarter for -- it was on a pension scheme.  So it wasn't a lot of revenue but the dollar amounts are higher. But we are seeing more mandates as things have settled in Japan and the people are seeing how the Middle East works out.  So we'll see how that goes.
Jay Gelb: Then a quick one for Walter on the tax rate, 23% operating in 1Q.  Your guidance of the full year is 26% to 28%.  Could that guidance end up being conservative?
Walter Berman: Well, I think it's appropriate because we are seeing it -- we're anticipating a lift in PTI as it relates to the way we started the quarter.  So that's why I raised it from the 25% to 27%.  Again, we had the discrete items that took place.  We told you that we have them. They took place in this quarter, so I think when you do the math of it and you do on the run rate whatever way you want that you should probably anticipate that that's a pretty reasonable estimate.  Again, I can't narrow it any better than the 26% to 28%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman - UBS Securities.
Andrew Kligerman: Just quickly following up on Jay's questions -- and so if the tax rate was 23% and the guidance is 26% to 28% -- you're staying with that, Walter -- that implies that I should be modeling for at least 27% for each of the next three quarters, correct?
Walter Berman: That's, yes, probably the low end.  Again, if you go to the upper end of the guidance you'll get into a higher -- again, it's all driven by the marginal tax rate as the profitability increases and then we could get some other anticipated discrete items coming through.  But, again, I can't tell you which quarters they're coming in.
Andrew Kligerman: Now the Securities America; I was a little surprised that you announced publically that it's for sale.  So just a little background data, can you remind me of what you originally paid for it, number one?  Number two, what is the reaction of the advisors at Securities America?  Are you having any issues with departures or anything in light of the announcement?  Thirdly, what is the interest level in acquiring that business?
Jim Cracchiolo: I will handle a little more on the announcement side.  Walter can talk to your first question regarding what we paid or exactly what the book value. From our perspective, we think overall this would be appropriate for Securities America so they can continue to build their model.  They actually have a quite strong network of 1800 advisors.  Their actual advisor account went up in the first quarter from recruitment.  But they've been under attack because of this legal issue and with the settlement, which we think will be appropriate to resolve this issue, it should settle things down there. This does present an opportunity for Securities America and their advisors because I think the independent space, as you know, has attracted interest.  Some people -- one company recently went public with it.  Others are trying to put together various networks appropriate.  So this could end up being appropriate for them to continue to build what they stand for in the independent space. So I think they just made the announcement.  The reason we went public with this is because we are putting together a sales process for it and over the next week or two it will be out public or in one sense or another to the public channel.  So we think it was appropriate of us to announce it, for Securities America to actually talk to their people and their advisors. We're looking to do this in appropriate fashion that would be both positive for Ameriprise as well as potentially in the way this is orchestrated for them to come out in a strong way.  So we think it could be a positive on both counts.  Walter?
Walter Berman: Yes, on the latter one, rather than the price to pay, on the books right now it's approximately -- good will, intangible -- approximately $60 million.
Andrew Kligerman: Then just following up on the inflow, outflow question, you mentioned the lower margin products are going out the door and higher margin products are going in the door at both Columbia and Threadneedle.  Could you provide a little detail around what those margins are? I think you had talked about potentially providing that down the road, some detail on the margins and what products are you selling later that are higher margin, what specifically around the products, getting those margins up?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I think what I would say is, first of all, listen, we always try to keep as much business as we can and we also try to win as much business as we can.  So even when we have redemptions, it's not that we don't lose some contracts that have some higher fees but when you look at the size of the assets that we're talking about on a net flow negative basis. They are being driven by higher asset levels for some of the lower margin products.  Now, those margins range anywhere from roughly four or five bips to 11 bips roughly on the low end and then on the high end you're talking in the high 20s to the 40s. The ones that we've been concentrating on, as you would imagine, would be more of areas such as some of the equity areas, particularly small, mid caps, some of the large cap areas, such as certain debt vehicles, like high yield, etc cetera, floating rate. So there's a number of places that you have higher margins in the particular mandates that you get based on the type of assets that you're managing.  That both goes for Columbia as well as Threadneedle.  So that's where we have put a stronger focus and that are some of the focused areas that we are marketing out there.
Andrew Kligerman: What were the sales at Threadneedle in retail?  I know you said that they were constant q-over-q, so I was just curious on a breakout number, retail sales.
Jim Cracchiolo: We don't break it out, Andrew.  So I don't know.  Chad, is there anything he could look at?
Chad Sanner: I don't think we have anything available right now.  We'll follow up, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel - Stern Agee.
John Nadel: I have a couple quick ones of the Asset Management division.  First, Walter, you gave us an update on where you guys are to date on run rates, savings as well as expenses.  Can you just give us a sense for how much incremental savings was there in 1Q versus 4Q?  I guess I'm just a little bit lost on where exactly you are.
Walter Berman: If you look at the gross savings, all right, on the gross savings we had a run rate as we exited the fourth Q of $112 million.  In the first quarter -- .
John Nadel: Exactly, fourth Q and then -- .
Walter Berman: First quarter went to $124 million.  That's on the run rate.
John Nadel: The target there was $170 million to $180 million, if I recall.
Walter Berman: The target for the gross is $150 million to $190 million.
John Nadel: Then a question on the -- when distribution expenses in Asset Management this quarter, they seemed higher this quarter, if I look at it both on a percentage of average assets or even just relative to distribution fees.  Was there something that changed there that we should be aware of or was there something one-time in nature in the distribution expenses in the Asset Management division?  That was really a big delta relative to what I've been expecting.
Walter Berman: No, it did go up and that related to when we were evaluating how Columbia handled their transferred agent and they were netting and we had a different approach on [Riversource].  So we researched it and we went to a grossing up.  So what you saw now, we increased revenue, increased the expense associated with that and that was around $27 million, I think, which basically raised it. Again, it doesn't affect the, obviously, the profitability.  It did affect the margin and that will be ongoing as we go forward.
John Nadel: That $27 million, that's $27 million in the distribution expense line?  How much in the revenue line?
Walter Berman: It's basically -- it pretty much neutralizes [inaudible] expense line that's impacted a small amount.  But P&L impact is zero.  We have a little [loss set in number of line] but the majority is on the amount I told you.
John Nadel: So no real bottom line impact but we had sort of a mechanism to put on the same basis.
Walter Berman: Right [inaudible] we just evaluate it and we made that change.
John Nadel: Then just a quick one on Advice & Wealth Management; with Securities America now moved out of that division, it was clearly a drag on the margin.  It looks to me like it was about 100 basis points.  I guess for Jim or for Walter, should we expect that your targeted margin for that segment, that 12% target by 2012, should we expect that that's now 100 basis points higher?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, what I would say is that the margin on Securities America, you're 100% correct, is at a lower run rate margin.  So if you take out legal fees, etc cetera, it would be at a lower margin than what we were looking for and striving for on our branded channel.  So that would have reduced the weighted average by an amount but Securities America is much smaller than Ameriprise's brand. Having said that, I think the question is the 12% yes.  We would be looking for it to go up but not necessarily -- I can't say for 2012 only because the interest rate environment, as you know, hasn't recovered yet and people are projecting that's going to take a bit longer before rates go up.  But off the margin, I would say yes as a targeted number.
Walter Berman: The only thing I would say -- .
John Nadel: I understand the short end of the cure pressure, yes.
Walter Berman: The only thing I'll add to that is when we did the calculations on the 12% obviously Securities America margin is lower as a general rule but it certainly has generated a higher margins than you've seen.  It's been absorbing a lot of legal expense.  So its profitability is [seasonally] good and so it was impactful but it will not be that large.  As Jim said, it's proportionate is not that great relative to the overall AWM segment.
John Nadel: Just a real quick one to sneak in, the 5 million shares that have been issued for compensation, in the last two quarters, is it fair to assume that that's a seasonal thing and we shouldn't be expecting that kind of issuance again until at least the fourth quarter?
Jim Cracchiolo: The issuance, yes.  Obviously, when people are exchanging shares you would get an impact on that, which that happens and that's what you saw in the fourth quarter on the options.  Part of it was also the issuance we also do on the franchisee channel for the deferred comp that also occurs at the beginning of the year.  But the majority roughly is a first quarter event.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath: A couple questions on the Advice & Wealth business if I could; first, I acknowledge the improvements in the productivity per advisor.  But if I look at the branded financial plan cash sales, which you provide in your supplement, it looks like that statistic has been relatively flat, I guess, for the past couple quarters, which suggests to me that a lot of the productivity improvement you're getting is market-based fees as well as reducing the advisor count. So in your prepared remarks you talked about wrap accounts.  You talked a shift to more equity products.  I guess I'm trying to understand what the disconnect is between that activity and what we're seeing in terms of branded financial plan net cash sales and then what's your outlook for that statist and when do you think that might start to show some progress?
Jim Cracchiolo: So I think there's probably a few other dynamics that are occurring that drives a little detachment in those trend lines from the past.  One is we did shift, as we spoke about, from bringing in our own novices and training them on planning and requiring them to do planning as every part of their new client acquisition. That drives up a level of plan count and fees.  As we transformed the employee network now and brought in over 1000 recruits, it takes us a bit longer to get them to really understand the aspects of the planning to actually start to do financial planning as part of their business curriculum, so to speak, and their practice management.  So that's what we've been focused on but that will be more of a gradual build. They are interested in it.  That's part of the reason they came over but it's also not natural for them to all of a sudden start the relationship or take a relationship they already have and make it a financial planning-based relationship versus adding a financial plan to it.  Then on the fee structure that they feel comfortable with based on how they actually sell today and how they charge today. So part of the disconnect that you're seeing is in the past we required a lot more -- and got a lot more -- financial planning from our novice channel in the employee side and that has changed.  In the franchisee channel actually financial planning has picked up and continues to grow a bit and penetration. Now, from a fee basis, I think our advisors are also a little bit sensitive on the fee basis so far based on the market cycle, so they haven't been raising their fees.  In some cases they are, but not necessarily across the entire channel.  So it's a combination of those factors. But to the point you referenced, retail activity was actually slowed down even though we actually charged financial fees during the crisis.  The activity under those financial plans actually slowed and now that activity is picking up again.  So that's part of probably what you're seeing if you just look at a straight trend line.
Suneet Kamath: I guess I didn't appreciate the new advisors coming on and not doing as much financial planning.  So I would imagine that that's a considerable point of leverage given your comments in the past about the revenue per advisor -- sorry, revenue per client being significantly higher for those that do financial planning versus those that don't.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, and we are showing that to our new recruits and also trying to help them to actually change a bit of what they do.  Now, I think, again, it's slow, as you know, to change behavior and it takes a long time but we're getting some good results from those people who did it, so that will show others what that would look like.
Suneet Kamath: Then my second question on Advice & Wealth has to do with the products that you offer.  Clearly in the past couple quarters you started to roll out third-party variable annuity product. Given this new fiduciary standard that we're learning more about more and more every day, do you think that you're going to have to open up the channel a little bit more to a third-party product in terms of, say, the protection side of the business where you don't currently offer third-party products, a whole life insurance as well as fixed annuities?  How should we think about that going forward?
Jim Cracchiolo: So what I would say is, first of all, we will continue to look and explore other areas and products to put onto the network.  But in the insurance protection area we actually have a full range of competitive products on our network.  They're not wholesaled into the channel but they are there, our advisors use them, they have ability to actually pick and choose what they want from a whole bunch of different carriers. We will look into continue even in the annuity area to possibly down the road expand that.  Right now it's actually having an impact in a sense that people have the additional choice.  We still have very good product there with very good pricing.  So for the client and it still makes sense for them to evaluate our product against that. But we will continue to expand that choice as we go down the line but we're doing this in a gradual way because we think that's appropriate.
Suneet Kamath: Then my last question is on the Columbia retail side.  I think, Jim, in your comments -- and correct me if I’m wrong -- I think you said 52 out of 120 funds are four and five star funds by Morningstar.  So my first question is that accurate. Then, second, if it is accurate, does that reflect the fund mergers that you're currently pursuing or what would that 52 number, if that's the right number, look like once you are done consolidating the funds that you are in the process of merging.
Jim Cracchiolo: The 52 is the correct number today of the 120 that we -- Morningstar rated.  I don't have an exact of what -- in front of me right now but we can get it to you of what it would be after the mergers.  So I don't have it right in front of me so I don't want to give you something inaccurate.  But I don't think it will materially change but we'll try to get a better number for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher: Just one follow-up on the fund mergers; can you give us the approximate AUM on the funds that you're going to be closing and talk about timing on those again?  Are those largely going to be done by June of this year?  Then, also, Walter, are there -- you've talked about the overall synergy benefits.  Can you talk about are there any dyssynergy costs that you're modeling in and the timing?
Walter Berman: I'll start with the dyssynergies.  Yes, as we do the mergers and which will go through the beginning, I think, of the third quarter, you will then realize the dyssynergies that we said would occur.  From that stem the $20 million to $40 million because those will be when we start realizing majority of that but we are still tracking to be in the number actually improving on the number a little.  So that will start occurring and so from our standpoint we'll see that through the third quarter. But as we go to the amount that we said, between the 130 and the 150, our net synergies will be at the upper end of the benefit on that.
Thomas Gallagher: Just in the AUM on the funds that are closing?
Walter Berman: I don't have that.  Maybe we'll get back to you on that.
Jim Cracchiolo: The fund merges will be completed by the end of June.  Yes, most of them.  I think there may be a few [stragglers] but mostly by the end of June.
Thomas Gallagher: So I just want to understand what this practically means, $20 million to $40 million of dyssynergy costs.  I understand the gross savings side that you gave before, $150 million to $190 million.  So are there just loss revenues of $20 million to $40 million when you shut down certain funds -- or, sorry, when you merge the funds?  What exactly is coming out the $20 million to $40 million?  Is that a recurring loss revenue stream?  Is that the way to think about it?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, because you get the compression on the revenue.
Walter Berman: You get the lower -- consolidating some of the funds, some of the funds we're consolidating to have lower fees and then also based on the scale of the funds there are some break points.  So what it is -- now the $20 million to $40 million was all of the revenue, which includes some institutional that we would lose [in the thing].  So the $20 million to $40 million is not solely due to fund mergers.  So we'll try to identify that a little clearer for you.
Thomas Gallagher: So if I roll forward today, Walter, you said there's $124 million of cost saves that are now run rated into 1Q.  So as we think about going forward, the net impact is probably going to be modest if I consider the upper end of the dyssynergy expense of $40 million and then I true up to the mid point of the $150 million to $190 million, which is $170 million, which would get me to another $40 million to $50 million. So it looks -- is it fair to say that we're not -- when you net all this out we're not going to see -- we have the full benefit in this quarter that we're likely to see going forward or am I not doing that math correctly?
Walter Berman: No, I think we -- you're being a little conservative on that.  We anticipate that as we look -- let me start with the net.  On a net basis today, the equivalent on the net of the gross $124 million is $120 million.  Therefore, as we run rate out of 2011, that number will appreciate and head towards the upper end of the $130 million to $150 million.  So there is room for additional benefits as we exit 2011 on a run rate basis.
Thomas Gallagher: So you have some pickup left but I guess the numbers I'm looking at would suggest maybe it's $10 million to $20 million but the vast bulk of it is behind us.
Walter Berman: I'll leave that -- .
Thomas Gallagher: Is that directionally correct?
Walter Berman: Yes, that's a good number.  I would concentrate probably at the upper end.
Thomas Gallagher: If I can sneak one more in on capital, I just want to understand the $1.5 billion plus of excess capital.  Can you talk about where that resides?  Is most of that in the insurance company or can you just explain where the pieces are?
Jim Cracchiolo: Tom, just one thing; when you say $10 million to $20 million and Walter said the high end, Walter was giving you that the $124 million today is run rate, not that it was realized in the P&L fully yet.  I just wanted to clarify.
Thomas Gallagher: So, Jim, that's by the end of the quarter but we shouldn’t assume we saw that all in the quarter.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, that's correct.  That's why it's run rate.  Actually realized exception to date is $102 million on that number.
Thomas Gallagher: Then just on capital?
Jim Cracchiolo: Oh, on the capital, the capital is distributed throughout.  Obviously, as we reported, we have an excess of 585% RBC, so obviously there's an amount sitting in the insurance and annuities.  There's an amount sitting throughout all the subsidiaries and certainly in corporate.  So we have it and certainly readily available as we talk about it from that standpoint. So it's spread throughout but the insurance company is sitting in a good position and so is the parent and several of the Asset Management and the Advice & Wealth Management.  So well represented across but certainly insurance annuity has its share of excess.
Thomas Gallagher: Walter, do you have a variable annuity captive set up that's backing your life insurance business?  If so, how much of a benefit is that?
Walter Berman: No, we do not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hall -- Wells Fargo.
John Hall -- Wells Fargo: For quite some time now we've seen assets go out of Threadneedle.  A lot of them have been a function of [Zurich].  You mentioned $1.4 billion this quarter.  How many assets are actually left with [Zurich]?  I guess just give us what the runway is.
Jim Cracchiolo: We have roughly $49 billion or thereabouts.  I don't know exact but that's probably in the vicinity of total assets.  Now the components of [Zurich] are broken down by what are retail contracts and things like property that are [loan] tenured or based on it's part of their individual account holdings. Then there is the owned asset part of [Zurich], which is really similar to ours, our insurance book and those are the ones that have the lower fees and that you see the larger volume of outflows as they have closed books and drawn down contracts, etc cetera.  So that's the two components. We know that with working with [Zurich] to continue to keep a strong focus on their business but we also know that when we purchased this there will be a continued outflow and that what we've been using is then reusing that capacity to win these other mandates.  One of the whole reasons was to diversify Threadneedle and win a lot more intermediary retial and institutional mandates rather than just manage the [Zurich] book. So therefore, [Zurich] has become less than 20%, I think thereabouts, 19% of the revenue today versus 49% of the assets.  Part of that revenue will continue, which is the larger part, which has to do with the retail contracts of the [Zurich] book.
John Hall -- Wells Fargo: Of that $49 billion that you referenced, what is the amount that's vulnerable low-margin asset that keeps moving off the books?
Jim Cracchiolo: I don't have that in front of me but I think on the dollars it's still probably more of the majority in dollars but not on the revenue side.  On the revenue side it becomes much smaller.  Again, now remember when we purchased Threadneedle, the book was almost 80% in assets and more than 50% in revenues.  Now the revenue is down to 19% and the assets are down to 49%. So as we've actually grown the overall asset base of Threadneedle, it's really been now in the diversified retail assets and the other higher margin institutional mandates.  But if you look at the total of the assets you say, well, it hasn't grown that much but the diversification and the fee basis has grown nicely.
John Hall -- Wells Fargo: On the VAs, how many variable annuities in dollars did you sell through third parties that I guess are now subject to withdraw over time?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think last year -- do you have that number of what we sold?  I think it was a little over $1 billion or so.  Does that sound -- or a little less than $1 billion.  I think we'll pull that out for you. So what you see is right now you have about $230 million of outflows, so roughly we're in slight inflows with that business on a net basis, so slight marginal based on the market had slowed down over the last two years, etc cetera. So as we actually move to outflows, we put more concentration on our channel again and so that's in nice inflows.  The margins on our business are much higher than on the outside distribution business because that the retention of those assets are longer.  The selling cost is lower because we can sell more per wholesaler, etc cetera. Then the return is actually much higher, so on a net income basis, we're not losing a lot on a PTI basis but we will be picking it up nicely on return as well as less capital deployed.
John Hall -- Wells Fargo: Finally, the two days that we lost this quarter, do we get them back?
Jim Cracchiolo: Sales was $760 million just as a basis for you.
Walter Berman: Yes, what happens is in the second quarter there will be 91 days and then in the third and fourth quarter there will be 92 days.  So on a year-to-year it's the same but it's the sequential we gave you number because in the fourth quarter it was 92 days last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg: First, Jim or Walter, is it your sense from talking to the advisors that the public's anxiety about municipal bonds continues?  Is this anxiety getting worse and we're seeing this in increasing outflows and tax exempt funds or stable or getting better?  Just what is your anecdotal sense of the level of the public's anxiety about municipal bonds?
Jim Cracchiolo: So I would say that I don't think it is getting worse.  I think it's starting to temper a bit and improve.  I know we feel strongly that there isn't this larger issue in the muni bond.  Again, it depends on what part of the market you're playing in.  There's always risk in subsets of the market. But we are feeling pretty good about the overall muni market and its positioning.  The flows have not increased but when you look at the first quarter, remember, this mainly occurred starting as a ramp up. They underperformed in the fourth quarter.  Then you've got some of the scary messages coming out namely in the December timeframe that really impacts January and February because retail, unlike institutional don't react immediately that moment.  So that's what we saw low through the first quarter. I don't think it's increasing.  I think it's starting to slow.  There hasn't been as strong a focus now as equities again.  So that's really I think where the mindset has shifted a bit.  But hopefully the muni thing will settle and maybe turn around a little bit because there are some improved spreads in that business versus, apparently, in some of the other fixed income areas.
Eric Berg: Second, could you offer a view -- just conjecture I guess it would be, informed conjecture -- as to why these geopolitical factors that you referenced, the crisis in Japan and the crisis in the Middle East, had a more profound affect in Europe and didn't seem to affect flows nearly to the same extent, at least based on your prepared comments, in the US?
Jim Cracchiolo: Again, this will be my opinion.  Just like last year, with the European issue on the [debt side], it's closer to home there.  The Middle East is closer to home in Europe and the impacts that it could have and disruption to those markets.  You also have mandates coming out of the Middle East itself that was slowed in the first quarter because of some stuff. To be very honest, Japan is maybe -- it is a more important mix to the international weighting than it is here where the US has been negative on Japan for a while.  So I think there's a combination of factors.  It seems that particularly in institutionals they move a bit quicker based on some adjustments in the international market than we see necessarily in the US because, again, the US international and the US is not as significant in the weighting of assets as it is internationally.
Eric Berg: Finally, my question on recruiting is as follows.  I think in the past you have taken a spigot approach.  Turn it on and then occasionally turn it off, with respect to recruiting of high-priced teams and very, very senior experienced, highly productive but expensive to acquire producers.  Where do you stand now in terms of your willingness to make such acquisitions of these higher-priced teams?
Jim Cracchiolo: Eric, I would say that prior to 2008 we brought over a few experienced people, never high-priced teams at all.  It was more that people want to associate because they heard about us.  We never proactively went out and marketed ourselves.  We never had a recruitment area in place that would actually be proactive in that regard because we really concentrated on novices. So beginning in 2008 we said with shifting that, with slowing down because of how we want to drive productivity and make the employee channel more of a permanent channel, and so we did that first with the Block acquisition and then we went and did it to add recruits into these offices that would become more productive offices rather than training offices. We still today are playing more in what I would call the average production of around $300,000, not necessarily in the million dollar plat.  But we're finding that a number of people in the $1 million teams above that are interested in who we are and so, yes, we welcome them.  We would like them onboard and we bring them onboard. But I would also say that we haven't really started and stopped it.  We started to ramp this up.  We got a bigger influx in 2009 because of the disruption that occurred.  Before that we were actually ramped up in our own recruiting. We slowed that down only because we had to actually transfer the employee system onto a new system and so we couldn't do both at the same time.  But now we're building the pipeline last year again.  We're concentrated on bringing people in in a consistent fashion and we're getting good traction and good results for the levels that we're focused on. The market has heated up a bit compared to when you're talking about 2009 but I would also say that we're concentrated more in the probably $300,000 to $500,000 range.  Then we still attract people at the $1 million but that's not our focus as a primary.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: On Columbia's redial, so it looks like [rose] inflows were probably the best ever at about $11 billion.  Jim, can you talk a little bit about the source of those inflows, how much of that was coming in through Ameriprise channel versus third party? Then as a follow-up to that, it seemed like you guys talked in the past about the fact that some of the financial advisors are not actively promoting the funds partially because the mergers haven't been completed yet.  Is that still the case and do you think we should still see a little bit of a pickup in demand on the gross sale side once the mergers are done?
Jim Cracchiolo: So today Ameriprise, when you look at $11 billion in sales for a quarter, Ameriprise is not any longer -- when we just had [Riversource] and primary, that was our main channel of 85%.  So Ameriprise is a very important client of Columbia, one of its largest but it's not a majority or a substantial part of that makeup today. It is an important part as one of the key clients and one of the largest ones but the majority of activity does come from a combination of third party and Bank [America]'s channels like US Trust. But now third party is becoming larger and larger as they're more important.  The recovery in sales is occurring in Ameriprise as you've seen a pickup in sales.  So that's recurring nicely.  It's starting to pick up to get back to the levels that we previously really would want from Ameriprise but there's still more work to do because I think even our advisors going through this change are re-acclimating to what are the funds, what are the performance, what's the mergers coming through. So we're seeing an activity pickup there and as it has refocused more to equity again, we're seeing the interest increase based on the performance of a number of those funds and factors there. So I am hoping that our focused efforts in a number of these key businesses will continue.  We saw a nice improvement in the first quarter.  We want that to continue.  So overall, I would like the sales to continue to grow and at least be at least strongly consistent to what I saw in the first quarter and I'm hoping that some of the redemptions will continue to slow as things like the munis, etc cetera, hopefully get to play out a little more.
Alex Blostein: If we go back a year, you guys talked about -- and this is going to be on the old metric -- but the 25% pretax margin in Asset Management.  In your assumptions, I believe you assumed 8% equity markets.  It seems like you're at the higher end of your net savings from the merger.  Equity markets are up 20% from that.  So can you tell me why, I guess, we wouldn't see an upside to that 25% margin target?
Walter Berman: Well, as we said, there were -- we are tracking.  If you look at the number, which I normalized on the GAAP basis, it's almost 21%.  It's 20.8%.  So I think we are making progress.  From that [stemoids] the combination then would be the four factors were the market, which is certainly ahead; the synergies, which are certainly tracking; the Columbia base; and now it's the net flow.  That will be the change. So I would say that we're on trajectory to get there.  At this stage, to forecast would be over it.  I think it's premature to sit there and say.  But certainly if we continue it should give us the capability.
Jim Cracchiolo: Again, when we said that, we put out for a -- the timeframe.  So as we extend the timeframe then the answer is, yes, it could be higher.  So we'll go back and relook at those various components but one was also based on hitting within a certain timeframe.
Alex Blostein: The timeframe was first quarter 2012.
Walter Berman: Actually, full year -- .
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, it's full year 2012.
Alex Blostein: If you look at the rate pressure, up across all your business.  I think we have a decent understanding on the broker dealer cash spreads.  But is there anything else being compressed due to the low rate environment?  I don't know, maybe either money market fee waivers or some of the costs that you're sharing with money market funds that are being distributed through your channel.  Or is it really just the cash price and the broker dealer channel?
Jim Cracchiolo: It's the cash but also I think we're holding a lot more assets in the very shorter term rather than investing them out further because of where the market is right today, Walter, that is probably having some compression on earnings.
Walter Berman: Yes, we're having compression now that we're having because obviously our investment rates are lower.  So that's the other area that we are being impacted.  I’m going to say obviously it impacts the hedging to some degree because of the lower interest rate but it's -- the prime one is on the sweep accounts.
Operator: The last question comes from the line of Colin Devine - Citigroup.
Colin Devine: So is the tax benefit this quarter a dividends received deduction, is the first one?  Secondly, given I guess the changing focus of the securities industry and regulators on this, can you just let us know what percentage of the advisors' fund sales and VA were proprietary?  Then lastly, because, as you mentioned, the BofA channel, it's such an important part of Columbia.  How has sales been tracking through BofA post the merger or since '04?
Walter Berman: Colin, can you repeat the question on the taxes?  I'm sorry.
Colin Devine: Was the tax benefit just a dividends received deduction that came through this quarter?
Walter Berman: What happened was it was a discrete item with a settlement with the IRS.  That was the main thing of a prior audit situation.  It had to do with [DRD] but it was referring to an older item that came through.
Jim Cracchiolo: On the VA, I would say that I think there's a bit over 90% that is still [Riversource] versus external.  Again, that has -- in a sense we have launched that in the end of the summer that has creeped up but it's still over 90% that is [Riversource]-based. Then I think that your last was around the Bank America.  As we mentioned to you over the last quarter, we've seen some lumpier outflows from the Bank America where their institutional client, the bank clients that we've gotten mandates as part of the relationship with Bank America, we saw some of those things. We saw as Merrill Lynch was selling [Balboa], that contract went in December, so that was on the institutional side, so we'll see those.  On the retail side we're actually seeing a pickup again in sales in the Merrill Lynch channel but we're seeing continued weakness in the US Trust, particularly in the muni area because that's where there was a heavy focus for those type of clients. I think overall -- I think the US Trust channel, some of the sales have not come back but I think sales are a bit lower in US Trust to begin with I think based on some changes going on there.  So it's a combination of those things.  So that's really maybe to give you a little color. Did we answer -- was that it, Colin?  We're going to close then the call.  What I'd like to end just with is I appreciate your continued attention to Ameriprise.  What you see and we're trying to do is give you more detail and color underlying some of the flows and some of the activity and the business of what we're seeing today. Again, we're dealing with our business mix.  We're dealing with the environment.  We're dealing with some adjustments that will always occur.  But what I would say is as you look through those, last quarter, this quarter, etc cetera, you'll see a consistent focus that we have.  You can see a continued strength of our business and continued changes that we're continuing to make in that business that would drive higher returns, better margins, better sales activity, better net flows. So that's where we're going to continue to concentrate.  We can't say every quarter.  Based on the complexity of the businesses, all of the models that you run that everything will be exactly as you think about it going the quarter before but I think if you look through those adjustments you would say, hey, what we're doing, including whether it's overall tax rate, overall revenue, overall margin profitability, cash flow, our total cash that we generate continues to improve because it requires less to reinvest in the business and that's why we can return more to you as shareholders and raise dividends and still have a good flexibility in our capital base. So that's what we're continuing to focus on.  We feel good about the first quarter.  We felt good about how we ended the year.  We think we're on track to what we had told you that we were looking to achieve for 2012.  I think if we can continue along this way with the environment, there will be continued improvements beyond that that we're hoping based on reenergizing our channel with our remix of businesses that we will give a better return to shareholders overall. So we appreciate your time and attention.  If there's any other questions please call Chad and we'll try to follow up with some of the ones that you had asked for if we didn't complete the information to you. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference.  Thank you for participating.  You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Laura Gagnon – VP, IR Jim Cracchiolo – Chairman and CEO Walter Berman – EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein John Nadel – Sterne Agee Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse
Operator: Thank you for standing by for the Ameriprise Financial fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. Your conference will begin shortly. Thank you for your patience. Welcome to the Ameriprise Financial fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today’s conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Laura Gagnon. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial fourth quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we will take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the Company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials available on our website. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release and related presentation slides, our 2009 annual report to shareholders and our 2009 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning. I know a lot of companies are holding their earnings calls today, so we appreciate your taking the time to join us. This morning, Walter and I will update you on our performance for the quarter and for the full year of 2010. Let’s begin. We reported good fourth quarter earnings and we finished the year with our best full-year results ever as a public company. For the quarter, we generated $2.6 billion in operating net revenues, a 19% increase over last year. Our operating net income was 312 million, which was up 30% over a year ago. I should point out that the earnings includes two notable items. A $28 million expense related to FAS 157 impacts in variable annuities and $7 million in auto and home claims from a single hailstorm in Arizona. For the year, on an operating basis, we recorded earnings of $1.2 billion or $4.47 per share, and we achieved record net revenues of $9.6 billion, an increase of 24% compared with 2009. Our return on equity reached 12.6%, an increase of 340 basis points over the last year. Well, that’s also an all-time high. We focused on driving further improvement in our returns. We’re making continued progress towards generating a higher percentage of our earnings from our less capital-demanding, higher-returning businesses. For the quarter, we generated 54% of operating earnings from advice and wealth management and asset management compared with 30% a year ago. Given the environment, we’re pleased that we have already surpassed our previous high watermarks which we reached back in 2007. Remember, the S&P 500 was 20% higher then and interest rates today remain extremely low, so we feel good about the path we’re following. We came through the crisis untarnished and in excellent condition. And we’ve used our relative strength to grow the company both organically and through the Columbia Management acquisition. Owned management and administrative assets reached a new record at $673 billion, which was 47% higher than a year ago. Our prudent operating principles continue to serve us well. Our balance sheet and capital are stronger than at any time in the past, which gives us a competitive advantage and allows us to return capital to shareholders. In fact, we’re still one of the very few firms in the industry that’s buying back stock. For the quarter, we brought back 3.8 million shares for $200 million, and since we’re starting our buyback program in May, we repurchased a total of $573 million. Including dividends for the year, we returned two-thirds of our earnings to shareholders. We intend to continue the buyback program in 2011. At the same time, we’re maintaining our expense discipline. We achieved over $240 million in re-engineering savings across the company in 2010, and we used a portion of the savings to fund investments for growth while delivering much of the savings to the bottom line. While expenses have increased as a result of the stronger business activity, we remain very comfortable with our expense management. In total, we feel quite good about the position we’re in. The business is performing well and we have good earnings leverage for improving conditions. Now, I’d like to discuss our segment performance. First, advice and wealth management delivered another strong quarter. The segment generated a record $1 billion in operating net revenues and $90 million in pretax operating income, nearly triple its earnings over a year ago. Margin improvement has been an area of focus for us in the segment, and we made good progress in 2010. In the fourth quarter, the segment’s pretax operating margin was 8.9%, nearly 5 percentage points higher than a year ago. Advisor productivity is an important measure of our progress in this segment and is improving nicely. Operating net revenue per advisor reached new highs at 88,000 for the quarter and 326,000 for the year. Several factors led to the stronger productivity. First, client activity continued to tick upward. While clients still haven’t returned to pre-crisis activity levels, clearly confidence in the markets and the economy is improving. You can see the stronger activity in our client asset metrics. We continue to generate good net inflows into wrap accounts and our total retail client assets reached a new high of $329 billion. Second, over the past several years, we’ve significantly strengthened the advisor force and its economics. We had good success at recruiting with approximately 800 experienced advisors joining us over the past two years. It takes a while for new recruits to bring over assets and clients, and now we’re starting to realize the benefits of their established books of business. The transformation of the employee advisor continues. Advisor retention has increased dramatically and we reduced cost substantially even as we continue to invest in the business. So while a total number of advisors has continued to decline, we’re more than making up for it with stronger advisor productivity, both on a per advisor and total basis. In fact, on average, the advisors we’ve added had five times the trailing productivity of the advisors who have left. Finally, we’re continuing to make major investments in the business. We’re building our brand through advertising and we’re continuing to add to the tools and technology available to advisors. In fact, we’re in the process of our multi-rollout of the new industry standard brokerage platform, which is one of the largest investments we’ve made in the advisor technology. I should note that our financial performance in this segment still faces the headwinds of extremely low interest rates, which obviously depresses the spread we earn on client deposits. We don’t expect rates to rise sharply any time soon, but an increase in rates would give us nice additional earnings leverage. The asset management segment also delivered another strong quarter. We generated pretax operating earnings of $163 million for the quarter, more than double a year ago and 35% higher than the sequential quarter. The segment’s pretax operating margin was 21.1%. These results, which includes $22 million of net income in hedge fund performance during the year, demonstrated the improved profitability and scale of our combined asset management business. Global retail flows improved sequentially and was essentially flat for the quarter. Strong retail net inflows at Threadneedle were offset by retail and institutional outflows in the domestic business. Domestic retail flows improve with the sequential quarter, but we remain in net outflows. While we’re starting to see a pickup in equity fund sales, we saw our outflows in municipal and taxable funds. In our institutional business, flows were eschewed by the loss of two relatively large but low-margin mandates. In fact, of the 5.7 billion in global net institutional outflows, approximately 4.7 billion came from low-margin pools of insurance assets including Zurich outflows. While we expect some of the outflows of low-margin institutional assets to continue, the pipeline of more profitable mandates is solid. In fact, the Columbia mandate sold in the fourth quarter that we expect to be funded early this year were more than offset revenues lost from the fourth quarter’s net institutional outflows. Threadneedle reported another strong quarter with revenues, assets, and profitability, all increasing significantly compared with a year ago. European investors began to return to equity funds during the quarter, and as a result, Threadneedle’s retail flows improved substantially. Investment performance remained strong with particular strength in equity funds. Threadneedle continues to manage its expenses well even as revenues have increased significantly, so the international business is generating increasingly solid margins. The Columbia Management integration remains on schedule. Fund mergers will mostly be complete by the end of the second quarter and the new lineup will include strong performing funds in every style box. In fact, on a pro forma basis, our funds are performing above the 60th percentile in Lipper performance rankings in every category. We believe the combination of strong performance and a clearly defined fund lineup will help us to start the turnaround of asset flows as we move through 2011. In annuities, we reported pretax operating earnings of 128 million which represents a 9% decrease compared with a year ago. The decline was driven by the impact of FAS 157 which has no impact on the underlying economics of the business and which we recognize in operating earnings. Walter will explain this item in more detail. The underlying business continue to perform well as our new variable annuity product helped us generate variable annuity net inflows of approximately $400 million. We continue to feel good about the variable annuity business, especially now that we have focused our efforts and resources on our advisor force where we have a very good understanding of client behavior and can generate strong returns. During the quarter, we made a strategic decision to stop selling variable annuities to clients of other firms. The decision was based in part on the fact that our outside distribution generated 12.5% of our variable annuity sales with a count of over 25% of the equity we invested in the variable annuity business. Just as important, we knew that achieving scale in outside distribution of annuities will require substantial additional capital, so we chose to focus our resources on our system where we can add real value to the client’s long-term financial plans. The fixed annuity business remains stable with net outflows resulting from our decision not to rate new business because of the rate environment. Lapse rates remain low and asset persistency high in the fixed book which continues to generate stable spread earnings and good returns. We’ll continue to pursue opportunities in fixed annuities when market conditions become more favorable. The protection segment produced pretax operating earnings of $86 million, down 26% compared with a year ago. We had weaker performance during the quarter due to claims from the hailstorm I mentioned earlier and because we increased reserves related to bodily injury coverage claims. The results also include 10 million in higher variable universal life reserves related to SOP 03 which Walter will explain. Aside from these impacts to the quarter, we continue to feel good about the health of our insurance business. Our underwriting performance has been strong and our large book of insurance business generates solid recurring earnings. In auto and home, policy counts grew by 9% over a year ago, driven in part by a promising partnership we’ve established to provide homeowners insurance to customers of Progressive Insurance. In the life and health business, clients across the industry continue to be somewhat reluctant to commit cash required for new insurance contracts. That said, our advisors are finding their clients are beginning to be more receptive to a conversation about insurance. As a result, our full-year cash sales were up 14% compared to 2009. To summarize, I feel very good about the progress we’ve made and the results we’ve delivered, both in the fourth quarter and for the full year. We’re succeeding at driving higher margins and a greater percentage of earnings from our less capital-demanding businesses, and we’re deriving real benefits from the scaling trend of all four of our operating segments. Our asset management and distribution acquisitions are paying off. At the same time, we continue to manage our finances prudently, our balance sheet and capital positions are as strong as ever, and our expense disciplines will not waver. These actions are contributing to higher returns, which is a long-term focus for us. We’re pleased with the upward trend in our ROE and we’re confident that we have the right strategy as well as the business and financial strengths to drive increasing returns. Overall, we produced an excellent year with record results and we feel good about our ability to continue making progress. Now, I’ll turn it over to Walter and later we’ll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thank you, Jim. We continue to report strong performance with operating EPS of $1.21, up 33% from the prior year. The operating earnings include some notable negative impacts which I will describe shortly. These negatives were offset by strong growth in our low-capital businesses and continued solid performance of our annuity in life and health businesses. Our low-capital businesses, advice and wealth management, and asset management, generated 54% of operating segment pretax income compared with 30% a year ago. That shift, combined with prudent capital management resulted in an operating ROE of 12.6% of 340 basis points from last year. In addition, our balance sheet fundamentals remain strong in all areas. On the next slide, I’ll provide some detail on the quarter. Operating results exclude the impact of consolidated investment entities realized gains and losses, as well as integration and restructuring charges. These items and the segment impacts are detailed in our certificate supplement. Operating net revenues grew 19% to 2.6 billion in the quarter while net operating earnings were 312 million, up 30%. Operating earnings per share increased 33% to $1.21, reflecting growth and improved margins in advice and wealth management and asset management. Our results included $0.12 per share in mean reversion benefits and hedge fund performance fees trimmed primarily by the markets. We believe this $0.12 is embedded in your estimates, whereas, there were three unanticipated negative items included in the $1.21 that we believe are not reflected in the sell side analyst expectations. First, we recorded $0.11 for the negative impact of credit spreads narrowing on our variable annuity liability. Its impact is not economic, and consequently, we do not hedge it. In fact, many of our insurance companies do not include it in their operating earnings. Excluding this, earnings were $1.32. Second, we recorded a $0.03 for auto and insurance claims related to an unusual hailstorm in Phoenix. And finally, we recorded a $0.04 loss for increased auto and liability reserves in the quarter. Our results were also impacted by increased general administrative expenses which are booked in each segment. We had to catch up in our (inaudible) due to strong business performance during the year and we incurred some increased legal expenses. On a full-year basis, we reported record operating earnings. Operating net revenue grew 24% to 9.6 billion and operating earnings were up 56% to a record 1.2 billion, which includes eight months of Columbia acquisition results. Operating EPS grew 45% to $4.47 for the full year, which includes the impact of the higher-weighted average share account for the equity we issued in June of 2009, partially offset by the share we purchased in 2010. In the fourth quarter of 2010, low-capital businesses generated 61% of our operating segment net revenues, up from 54% compared with the fourth quarter of 2009. This strong revenue growth, combined with margin expansion, AWM, and asset management, resulted in 54% of operating segments earnings from our low-capital businesses, up from 30% last year. Now, I move on to our segment performance. In advice and wealth management, you can see that we generated a nearly threefold increase in segment PTI year-over-year. The segment reported record revenues surpassing 1 billion. These strong results were driven by recovering (inaudible) activity, growth in assets under management from markets and inflows and retail client assets, as well as continued good expense management. Interest rates continue to impact our earnings with our brokerage cash spreads marginally down sequentially. Expenses also continued to be well managed on a sequential basis. G&A expenses increased mostly due to higher business volumes and an increase in compensation expenses, reflecting strong overall company performance. We also incurred higher than normal legal expenses as a result of our ongoing litigation at Securities America. On the slide, I’ll discuss asset management. The segment had another very strong quarter with operating net revenues up 66% year-over-year and with a pretax operating margin of 21.1%. Net (inaudible) revenues, margins increased to 34.1%. Hedge fund performance fees primarily from Seligman generated 22 million of pretax earnings in the quarter compared to 30 million last year. As Jim described, we saw our increased net outflows driven by low-margin insurance portfolios in the institutional business. Retail net flows improved sequentially. The Columbia Management integration is proceeding according to plan. We remain on track to deliver our financial projections we provided when we announced the transaction and we feel very good about the business synergies we are realizing. Let’s move to the next slide. For annuities, operating pretax income declined 9% year-over-year. However, the underlying performance was strong. In the quarter results included a $43 million expense relating to variable annuity living benefits. This expense resulted in a FAS 157 impact which we do not hedge, namely, non-performance risk, and which many companies do not include in operating earnings. The business continued to generate strong sales while our new annuity product, RAVA 5. The overall book of business continued to generate strong, stable earnings and returns despite absorbing the volume-driven increased course of distribution. We believe these returns will be further enhanced by our decision to exit outside distribution of variable annuities which Jim described. Our next slide will discuss the protection segment. The life and health segment business continue to generate consistent results. DI and LTC claims returned to expected levels after a higher-than-expected third quarter and we continue to reserve at higher levels for our universal life products with secondary guarantees. As a reminder, I mentioned on the third quarter call that we’re expected an increased run rate in these reserves. That said, our results for the quarter were impacted by several notable items, including the hailstorm in Phoenix. We’ve already reached our retention limits and are 100% reinsured for any future development from the storm. We also increased our auto liability reserves by $16 million in the quarter. Aside from those items, the insurance business continue to generate good results with increased VUL sales during the year and good continued growth in the auto and home business. On the next slide, we continue to manage our financial foundation well, which has enabled us to return capital to our shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.8 million shares for $200 million. This brings our total repurchases in 2010 to 13.1 million shares for $573 million. Including dividends, we returned 756 million to shareholders this year for over two-thirds of our net income. We continue to hold more than $1.5 billion in excess capital while our cash flow remains strong at $2.9 billion with $1.8 billion of free cash. The quality of our balance sheet also remains strong. Our preliminary estimate of the RiverSource risk-based capital ratio is approximately 67% and our unrealized gain position is 1.5 billion. Our balance sheet ratios continue to remain conservative, both in terms of leverage and coverage ratios. Finally, our variable annuity hedge program continues to be effective. So to summarize, we generated strong earnings in the quarter as a result of very good underlying business performance in a challenging economic environment. Our actions have resulted in increased operating leverage and we are making good progress. We are driving our mix towards the lower-capital businesses, effectively managing our excess capital, and driving our operating returns through the higher end of our on-average overtime targets. Our balance sheet remains strong, including our capital and liquidity positions. And we are continuing to manage our risk exposures prudently, positioning the company for continued growth. Now we’ll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. Good morning, guys. Well, there’re a couple of questions on expense, I guess, just to start. If you look at your G&A and asset management, even if you strip out, kind of like a normalized margin on performance, you basically take out the good amount, quarter-on-quarter. So, yes, number one, can you tell us how much the catch up was due to, I guess, fourth quarter comp accrual? And then where do you stand with respect to savings and how much is already in the run rate today?
Walter Berman: Yes, Alex. On the G&A expenses for AWM – I’m sorry – I’m sorry, but you’ll have to repeat the question because I –
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Yes. So, if you look at the asset management, G&A expense jumped up quite a lot, quarter-on-quarter. And then even if you stripped out, I guess, an assumption for comp associated with performances, it’s still up a good amount. So can you try to quantify maybe if there’s a catch up, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks? And then on top of that, how much of the savings is already in the run rate as of today?
Walter Berman: It’s actually both because there was a catch up on the comp in that segment, about 5 to $6 million. And then we did have pass-through coming through as related to which really drove the main expense. And as a run rate, it’s obviously geared towards the growth that we have on performance. So at this stage, I would say that it’s representative.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just how much of the estimated cost savings you, guys, already have in the run rate? I think last quarter you said there is about maybe 50 of the 150 to 190 sort of range in the run rate, so where does it stand today?
Walter Berman: Yes. Right now, in the quarter, we hit a run rate that’s like a 112 in 75, if you take a look through the year to date’s gross synergies and we’re on target to achieve the 130 to 150 run rate that we talked about. Now, we said that will be total and some of that will carry into 2012, but certainly, we’re on target.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Got you. And then, Jim, a question for you on just a little bit of bigger picture. The SEC put out a study, I guess a couple of weeks ago, on the role of investment advisors versus broker-dealers and the fiduciary role within that. How would that impact your business, if at all, and if you could just kind of update us where you stand on that issue.
Jim Cracchiolo: It does not impact our business because we sort of follow the fiduciary rule across our franchise today and we already have in place all of the compliance, controls, procedures, supervision necessary and appropriate for that. It actually makes it on an even playing field for us with others, and so I think it will impact others more than us. I think it will do it in two ways. One will be the wirehouses will have to move to that standard that will change the way they operate a bit. And then independence, because there’s been a call in now, if people did move to that, to have greater reviews by either the SEC or FINRA as well as the states, and in many cases, we have consistent level of those reviews because we’re a big house, but others sort of are able to dock a little bit below the radar and that may change as there is a call in for more of actual reviews by the regulatory authorities as we move to the standard. So I think, for us, it will be favorable.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Got you. And then lastly, just to close, could you quantify, I guess, how much are the retail outflow in Columbia was due to the anticipated sort of fund merger versus core outflows due to either performance or just client reallocating? And then you mentioned pretty strong pipeline in institutional, I was wondering if you could quantify that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. What we have seen is a bit of a pickup in some sales and equities and that’s actually continuing in January. I think as the industry felt a bit in the fourth quarter, one of the new outflows had occurred more in the tax-exempt area, particularly in a number of our portfolios with the US trust business and so that had affected some of our flows. Overall, we see an improvement, but it’s not necessarily where we want it to be yet. We still experience some outflows in some key funds, some (inaudible) one or two of our that were Columbia funds that lower their star ratings last year or the year before. Now, that performance and those funds have improved dramatically over the last year, so hopefully we’ll see a slowdown in some of the outflows there. But we have really good performance, I mean, over 51 funds now four and five star. As we merge the fund families, the overall performance will even improve. I think if you look at some of our statistical supplement on (inaudible) basis, we’re well above 60% in a number of areas already. The merges will actually clean up that fund lineup a bit more for us, but we’re not through the fund merger yet. Having said that, we did declare the new funds, that things are moving to the proxies are already starting to be nailed, et cetera. So I think it has some impact. It’s hard for me to tell you after that’s over and we’re through that process what the full effect is, but we just announced the fund lineup in the fourth quarter and we have put the wholesalers on their territories as we adjust the activity. They’re very focused now. We had our kickoff meetings. So, we’re going to try to work hard to improve the flows, but I think it will take some time, but we’re optimistic that we can get a turnaround. The institutional side, you know, that’s a bit lumpy. Because as we said, we’ve lost these two large accounts domestically. There were only a few (inaudible) in account. One was Bank of America or Bank Cline (inaudible), another was insurance from the Columbia. So I think, the revenue side of that is not going to be material but on a volume basis, it looks significant. On mandates, are starting to come in institutional now that the consultants are getting more comfortable that we’re making our way through the process. We’re picking up some nice winds. There’s a lot more to do but the pipeline is building. So we hopefully will start to see some traction there as well as we go into the New Year.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities: Good morning. Do you hear me?
Walter Berman: Yes.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities: Good morning.
Walter Berman: Yes, good morning.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities: Okay. Sorry about that. Just two quick ones just to make sure I understood it. Walter, when you were talking about the run rate getting to 130 to 150 in sales, do you add 50 or 112? I just wasn’t clear on that.
Walter Berman: Right now, if you just take a look at where we are at the quarter in the fourth, it’s about a 112 run rate. As we talked about when we did the transaction, we’d be, on the net basis, 130 or 150, and I’m saying we’re on track, but that is, as I related, for the full run of the program and that will carry – some of that will carry into 2012. Bulk of it will be realized in 2011, but you’ll get the normalization factor coming into 2012. So, we’re on track, and I just gave you the run rate right now.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities: That’s perfect. And then, could you quantify the total amount of comp accrual adjustments that you experienced throughout the company? I think your answer before was just for the assets management division. I was curious, you know, if throughout –
Walter Berman: Yeah. Andrew, quarter over quarter, if you look at the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, it is about $20 million of incremental as we’ve looked at the performance and we accrued of , that’s what the impact was in the fourth quarter over the first to third quarters. About 20 –
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities: Got it. And then just in terms of excess capital, the RBC, I think it rose at like 590 in the quarter. Yet every quarter, Walter, you say that your excess capital remains at 1.5 billion plus. So my question is, what’s the real excess capital number? I mean, is there a certain capital margin of that that you has to absolutely keep? What is that? And then what are you planning to do with the excess capital? Is it to keep pushing this buyback or I continue to read about your interest in asset managers. I think I read about Pioneer recently, so what’s your interest in buying an asset manager and at what size? I know I throw a lot of questions, so what’s the excess capital? What’s the capital margin you absolutely need to keep? And thirdly, what are you going to do with it? Is it buy asset managers, is it to buy back stock, and if you buy asset managers, fourthly, who are they, what’s the size?
Walter Berman: All right, so let me take those questions. The plus has gotten bigger, and yes, if you look at the RBC and you do your calculations, from that standpoint you can see that using, obviously you don’t want to use the 350 because there’s (inaudible) see the full logic on it, if you would calculate that there’s approximately a billion dollars in excess sitting at the insurance company level. And throughout the company, we have, as we indicated, excess in certainly at corporate. We are certainly on target as we’ve talked about to do our repurchase within the levels of authorization. And we’re evaluating the circumstances as we look at the environment and certainly the opportunities to best return that to shareholders. As Jim had said, we certainly explore our potential acquisitions as they come along and we’re optimistic about it. And certainly in the category of asset management, that would be one of the categories in distribution.
Walter Berman: But we are now just progressing to have our share buyback program look at other ways to return that effectively to our shareholders.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities: So, Walter, just in terms of that 1.5, so you’re not going to give me how much the plusses. But how much do you need to keep? Do you need to keep 500 sitting there? Do you need to keep a billion of it sitting there and never use it? How much do you need to keep?
Walter Berman: Listen, it’s a great question. It is about situation-driven and you evaluate it. As a definitional issue, you would say that, technically you use the excess, but you will assess it as you evaluate situation review at that particular time. And on this particular – the way we look at it today, the excess is getting, as we moved out of the OD, certainly that will put less pressure on having any sort of contingent element within it and so we are – we evaluate it. And at this stage, I would say technically it’s all usable and then, depending on when we go to use it, we will assess the environment and assess the best use of sharehold and how quickly we can replenish. And I think you know that where the earnings are coming from, it’s less capital-intense, so that gives us capability and that all goes into the evaluation of it. And that’s why we talk about the plus because you really do have – it changes the circumstances but certainly, within our definitions, it is that we have excess that is usable.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities: So the last clarification on it would be then, so you could indeed or you would be comfortable this year using up your authorization which I think is around a billion, or if the right asset management operation came along, you could use a billion toward that. That would not be something out of the realm of possibility. Is that a fair observation on my part?
Walter Berman: I think that’s a reasonable observation.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities: Excellent. Thank you much.
Walter Berman: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks and good morning. Just a couple of questions. First for Jim on the property and casualty business, the auto and home business. I don’t want to make too much out of one quarter but clearly, your higher-margin, lower capital-intensive businesses are increasing. I think that’s a big positive from a shareholder’s perspective. I’m just wondering at some point, does it make sense to retain this auto and home business? I know that in the past, the returns on it were accreted to your consolidated return, but I think that was in part because some of the asset management advice and wealth management businesses weren’t quite at their full earning potential. But as those businesses get there, is it time to maybe reconsider whether or not you need to keep this auto and home in-house? And then I have another question.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. It’s a good question. Up until, again, you have a freak hailstorm. I should note that we have coverage so above $10 million that’s reinsured and handled, and so there’s a cap to what that is, but again it was a loss in the quarter. I would also say that over the last few years, not that we didn’t suffer this as a little bit of a setback, but over the last number of years, we’ve had very good loss rates. In fact, we are releasing reserves all the time based on what the accounts needed for us to do. So, we did have a pickup here. We think we have a very good, reasonable and appropriate book. We have good underwriting standards. We have a low-cost model. I think as you look across the industry, it’s one of the very good, strong direct players out in the industry that I think is a very good asset. I think it’s complementary in a number of areas. We are deepening our penetration within our own client base a bit more. The client profiling we’re picking up from our affinity partners. I think it’s quite good, so I think from a perspective of the company, we don’t think it will be a drag. We think the returns have been pretty good and reasonable and appropriate against where we want to take the total returns for the business. But having said that, we always have flexibility long-term if that doesn’t work the way we think it should. Walter, do you want to –?
Walter Berman: Yes. Also, we did increase our reserves for the bodily injury. We noticed a trend on severity that took place and the actuaries they decided to take the reserves up. I can say that in the fourth quarter, the trend lines improved, but again, we felt it was prudent to take the reserves up. The business does return a good return for us and is a good diversifier.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. I guess I just kind of look at where your stock is today, and I think one of the big reasons it’s down despite pretty good trends in your asset management advice and wealth is because of this noise at P&C and we’ve seen this with other life insurance hybrid models before when something goes wrong in the insurance side, the stock tends to take a hit. So, I would just, you know, put in my vote that you could reconsider that at some point. My second question is related to this non-performance risk FAS 157 thing. Walter, I think you referenced in your prepared remarks twice that other life insurance companies put this below the line. Clearly it’s very difficult to model. Is there anything that you can do to help us think through how to model this on a quarterly basis such that it doesn’t become a surprise to us because obviously, it’s non-cash, non-economic as you say, and I think it’s a pretty big distraction.
Walter Berman: You know, we are really thinking about that and evaluating it because it is a non-economic impact and certainly as you look at the implications, it swings with the interest rates going up in the change and the liabilities. So we’re going to be discussing this quarter to come out and we are going to look at all options, potentially excluding it or giving some sort of indication as we get later into the quarter. Because it is – there’s no way of estimating it until you get towards the end of the quarter, and – but you’re spot on. It really is problematic and it does drive differentials and the way people ask me, and so we will work at that and certainly pull and talk to people about what the best way of doing that. We do believe there’s, as we said, this is the non-economic aspect. There are obviously transactional cause and other factors that we will reflect, but this is the one that we’re focusing on and now we’re going to work pretty hard to try and see if we can get the noise out of it and be able to get better transparencies so people can have an idea about what the impact is in the quarters. So, we’ll get back to you.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Great. Very helpful. Just one quick follow-up to your prepared remarks. You had mentioned when you were talking about the annuity business that I think a larger percentage of the equity allocated to VAs is in the third party sales, those products. Why would that be the case?
Walter Berman: I think that is the case because of the percentage of living benefits that are actually acquired or sold on the outside channel and that is the main driver of it. It was much higher percentage and that’s what drove it up and obviously, that is the prime reason in behavioral patterns to a degree.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: As a reminder for question, please press star then 1 on your touchtone phone. The next question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Hi. Good morning everybody. I have two questions for you. The effective tax rate, Walter, in 2010, it was just under 24%. I think you’ve guided us in the past to think about the marginal tax rate, there’ll be in 35. Clearly, some of your tax-planning strategies are working a bit better than maybe you guys anticipated. I guess my question is where should we be expecting that effective tax rate to move in 2011 and beyond? Walter Berman. Okay. Yes. As I indicated, I think actually it was in the second quarter and maybe in the first quarter also. As we looked out and determine that in 2011 that the range, we’re giving it 25 to 27, and certainly it will probably be towards the lower end of that as we look at it now. It is difficult to forecast it on a quarterly basis. We have a better idea on our annual and we did get an adjustment coming through from – we’ve thought it was a little sour-rated but certainly we feel the rate for next year will be 25, 27 and at the lower end of that.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. And then, a question on asset management. I know you guys don’t want to give us necessarily the split of the revenue and the expense offset around the performance fees. Any help you can give us as to thinking about the pre-tax operating margin excluding the performance fees? I know those performance fees are real, I get it, but there are also on- quarter events, so I’m sort of thinking about how do we look out to the next few quarters?
Walter Berman: That’s – okay – fair question. Yes. If you back that out, it should be about between about 19.7.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you very much.
Walter Berman: You’re welcome.
Operator: The final question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Hi. The first question is, Walter, if I understood you correctly, if 112 million of Columbia Synergy benefits are already in the number, that means, only 38 million remain in terms of the getting us to the 150. So, to say it in another way, we only have 38 million of benefits still left on asset management margins related to expense synergy. Is that the right way to think about it?
Walter Berman: Well, that’s gross. And the other thing is, as we said, the year-to-date gross synergy was 75. If you do a run rate on that, that’s a 112 as you look at the change between the quarter. So, that’s what we’re just trying to do, give you the run rate. We said that we would do on the gross range between 150 and 190.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay, so you’re talking about gross when you’re using that 112, not net.
Walter Berman: Yes.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: So I can take 190, subtract 112, and that would be the better way to think about what’s left to come? Is that (inaudible)?
Walter Berman: Again, it’s the range, 150 to 190 remember.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Right. If I assume you hit the top end to your range. I could have another – okay. And the timing on when you expect to get those, will those be front half loaded, back half loaded in 2011?
Walter Berman: They are actually, as we did in (inaudible), it’s certainly as we go through it. You could expect there will be a factor that would carry over because of, as we basically bring on the transitional changes and the elements of that. So, there’s a back-loaded element to it which will have a carryover in 2012.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, just a question on advice and wealth management margins there. I know you had mentioned there was increase in legal expenses there. But if you look at just how strong revenue growth has been there, assuming there is a corporate objective to improve those margins into the double digits. How should we think about timing? Assuming your revenue growth remains the way it was this year, do you think we will get to double-digit pretax margins in 2011 or is that further out?
Walter Berman: Again, did not forecast, but certainly as you look at the items that came in the quarter as we talked about the legal, the marketing, the bonusing, one could expect that you will get into double digits.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay. Yes. Just purely on – because it was definitely a higher expense load this quarter which suppressed margins despite the fact that you had strong revenue growth. So part of that is just seasonal with comp accrual or something like that?
Walter Berman: Yes, you had that as related to the bonusing and certainly we started up the marketing program and then we had the legal that I mentioned. Again, the legal, we would evaluate as we go through, but certainly those were the elements that came through in the quarter. But we did have to catch up on the bonusing.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay. Last question is, I think, if we try and at least identify the synergy related in that outflow in asset management which I think from a revenue standpoint if I remember correctly, it was expected to be 30-million loss approximately? Where are we on that and should that all be behind us soon or how should I think about timing? Just, I understand you haven’t wanted to give any outflow guidance from an asset standpoint, but I know you’ve given in on revenues. So I just wanted to know where we’re at on the revenue side.
Walter Berman: We’re still working through it. It’s still going through as related to the basis of emergency and in yield to client. So that’s still working through and right now we see it within its ranges, so it’s on target.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: But Walter how, from a revenue standpoint, are we halfway done? Are we more than that? I just, I don’t know if you can give some guidance on that.
Walter Berman: I just don’t have on that side of it, if you’re telling me, because the difference of the 20 to 40, I don’t have the exact numbers. I think, I don’t want to speculate. I will get back to you on that, but the issue is, I think it is on target, but there is certainly more to come. And that was more on combining of funds and things of that nature, and not on dealing with the outflow, so Jim will give you some feedback.
Laura Gagnon: Before, let me clarify. We did say that 20 to 40 million in revenue decline is going to include the lower fees we expect to receive on the funds as they merge. And that’s going to happen through the first half of this year. So that impact, that portion of the 20 to 40 is still to come.
Jim Cracchiolo: But there is a portion that has come, it’s because it relates to it. But that’s why it will still come.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: So would that – maybe I misunderstood. Did that 20 to 40 not include any anticipation of net outflows as a result or did that also include that?
Jim Cracchiolo: There were some outflows that were definitely assumed that we knew as we combined at the very beginning and had overlapped in portfolio managers and some institutional accounts that would leave once we did the combinations. Some of that did take place in the third and fourth quarter. I think what Walt is referencing as the other piece of it is mainly a merger of the funds that takes place that we will move to lower breakpoints based on level of assets or that the funds that the assets are going into may have lower fees in the accounts because there are larger funds. And so, with that, that’s the other piece of the tranche within the 20 to 40. Regarding whether we suffer full outflows that we experience or not, we didn’t dictate every account, but we feel comfortable, with where we are today and the assets, et cetera, that we’re within those reasonableness as far as what we expected. Now, having said that, we would like to move into inflows to grow the business rather than continue to be in sort of the outflow area, and that’s where we’re going to work hard to try and turn that around. But from what we originally estimated, from what we knew at the time, I think we’re within those bounds, with the last piece coming as we merge the funds.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Got it. And then, I just have one last detailed question for you, Walter, just to put this to bed. So if I assume you hit the top end of the range in terms of synergy-related benefits that would be 190, you’re at 112, this is all gross. The 30 that you expect to lose on this synergy has not yet come, so I really should be taking that off the 190 to get to a net number. So on the net basis, we’ve gotten 112, we have not yet picked up in the 30.
Walter Berman: We have a 112 run rate leaving the year – 112 was not booked as synergies within the year for actual realization.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, 75 is the actual number that we have.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: So that’s an end-of-the-year that we – that’s not even in the – that 112 is not a run rate in the 4Q either, Jim?
Jim Cracchiolo: It’s a run rate out of 4Q, but if you’re asking –
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: At the end of the 4th –
Jim Cracchiolo: – is it already in the P&L for 2010, the answer is no. Only 75 is actually booked in the P&L in 2010, but as we leave the year, that 75 turns into 112 for 2011.
Walter Berman: Right.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: I got you. Okay, that’s helpful, thanks.
Operator: That was the last question for today. Please go ahead with any final remarks.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. First of all, I want to thank you for participating in the call and asking for the various questions that helped clarify things. I think one of the issues we do have which is very hard and we’ll try to figure out is how to deal with things like the 157 because it’s a noneconomic charge, but I know people can’t predict it and so the estimates that you come out with do not include and it does sort of get little noise in the system. I would also leave you with this thought. I think for the things that we wanted to do in 2010 and what we told you back in 2009 and ‘08, I think is actually coming about quite well. I think we’ve had a strong business and a strong year. I think we’re seeing improvements. We think we continue to drive margin improvements. I feel very good about where AWM is and where it can go as well as with the Columbia deal and Threadneedle, that we can actually continue to improve there as well. Of course, we got work to do to change the flows around, et cetera, but I think we got good product line and good performance, which is something that we never really had completely in the past. And I think we have a more substantial and fuller lineup. Yes, we’re still working through further levels of integration, but the savings are being realized. I think we have a good business now, a sizeable business. I think if you compare it to other large independent managers out there, we’re quite sizeable, including our earnings and our ability to earn. And the same thing with our advice and wealth management. We’re starting to come into the stream where this is really having a substantial impact. We think we can continue to grow those margins even with low interest rates. Yes, we had some pickup and some expenses in the fourth quarter, but I think outside of the Securities America activity, our margins would have shown nice improvements as well in the fourth quarter for our core franchise business which is really the focus that we have. So, I just want to leave you with the thoughts. I think we’ll manage our other businesses very prudently to drive returns and manage the risk, that’s why we chose to get out of the outside distribution of annuities. I think we can generate good returns with good consumer behavior in the other annuities with strong hedging. And I do believe our protection business will start to improve. I take the note regarding the auto and home, it has not been a problem for us, but we don’t want it to be a problem for us. So if we see anything substantially changing, we will evaluate, but we really think it can continue to drive margins because of some flexibility in case we don’t need to. And overall, as Walter said, we do have a strong capital position. We will be looking to utilize that appropriately. I will not use the money for acquisitions unless they really made sense and we can really get good synergies as we’ve been showing you for the last few that we did. And we will return to shareholders as appropriately, but we don’t need to do that all in one moment, but we can do that over time so that you can feel comfortable, we can feel comfortable and still have degrees of opportunity for growth and investment. So I appreciate you taking the time. I do feel we had a good year and we tried to deliver everything that we told you about a year ago and we look forward to continuing to work with you in the New Year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Ameriprise Financial fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. This concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Cracchiolo – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Walter Berman – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Laura Gagnon – Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities John Nadel – Sterne Agee Andrew Kligerman – UBS Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein Colin Devine – Citigroup John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities  
Operator:  Welcome to the 2010 Third Quarter Earnings call. My name is Sandra and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Laura Gagnon. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial Third Quarter Earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we will take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the Company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s materials, available on our website. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release and related presentation slides, our 2009 annual report to shareholders and our 2009 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. This morning Walter and I will give you our thoughts on the Company’s performance for the quarter and the progress we’re making across the business. We’ll also provide (audio interference). Let’s get started. This was another strong quarter for us. In fact, despite the continuing challenges in the environment, we achieved our highest quarterly revenues and earnings since we’ve been a public company with $2.4 billion of net operating revenues and $355 million of operating earnings. Operating earnings per share of $1.37 represent an increase of 32% compared with a year ago, and 25% compared with last quarter. Our operating return on equity reached 12% which is up nicely compared with the last couple of years.  While we realized benefits from DAC in the quarter, strong business fundamentals drove these results. We continue to generate higher margins in our more fee-based segments - advice and wealth management and asset management - and our client base and advisor productivity continued to improve. We are realizing the benefits of the Columbia transaction and our other acquisitions which helped drive owned, managed and administered assets to an all-time high of $649 billion.  Our strong financial foundation and prudent operating principles continue to serve us well. The balance sheet remains very strong and we continue to hold considerable excess capital and liquidity positions which gives us significant flexibility to invest for growth, to manage through a difficult environment, and to return capital to shareholders. In fact, I believe we are one of the few firms in the industry that had the strength to repurchase shares. During the quarter, we bought back an additional 3.6 million shares for $153 million, bringing our total buyback for the year to 9.3 million shares for $373 million.  We’re also maintaining our commitments through reengineering and expense control, and we’re continuing to fund our investments with a portion of our reengineering savings. Expenses remain well-managed with general and administrative expenses down in every segment except asset management due to the Columbia acquisition. Now I’d like to discuss our segment performance. First, advice and wealth management generated strong results. We reported pretax operating earnings of $88 million compared with 28 million a year ago. Our pretax operating margin in this segment was 9.3% for the quarter, up from 3.4% a year ago and up slightly over the sequential quarter. Our advisor retention rates remain very high with retention of our most productive advisors rising to well above 95%. Employee advisor retention is also up significantly, and that was a primary goal of our long-term work to reengineer the employee force with a focus on productivity.  We orchestrated a transformation of the advisor system. Lower producing advisors have left and we’ve reduced costs significantly while continuing to invest in the business. And even with the S&P 500 still 25% below all-time highs, advisor productivity is near our all-time highs; so we feel good about the economics we’re generating and the leverage we’ve created in the advisor system. Lower costs and higher productivity were our goals, and we are achieving them. In the quarter, operating revenue per advisor increased 21% over a year ago. While we’re seeing some improvement in client activity compared to this time last year, advisor productivity was off slightly compared with the sequential quarter, mostly due to the slower summer months. Clients are more confident now than they were a year ago, but doubts and concerns are persisting; and as a result, investing behavior continues to show a fairly high level of risk aversion. Even with the seasonality impact, we continued to generate asset growth in the advisor business during the quarter. Total client assets increased to $313 billion, up 9% over a year ago. Wrap accounts were an important contributor to these increases. We recorded net inflows in wrap accounts of 1.8 billion in the quarter and total wrap assets increased to 105 billion, an 18% increase over a year ago. I should note that while the factors we can control are contributing to higher margins, a factor outside our control is offsetting some of our gains. The historically low short-term interest rates are impacting our profitability in this segment fairly significantly. The asset management segment also delivered a strong quarter. We generated pretax operating earnings in the segment of $121 million compared with 17 million in the third quarter of last year and 104 million in the sequential quarter. The segments pretax operating margin was 18.3%. These results, which included a full quarter of Columbia contributions for the first time, demonstrate the improved profitability and scale of our combined asset management business.  Despite the 4% average decline in the S&P during the quarter, revenues grew 18% sequentially and global assets under management increased to a record high of $445 billion. In terms of asset management flows, we experienced global net outflows of 2.1 billion in the quarter with net inflows of 1.1 billion at Threadneedle, offset by domestic outflows of 3.2 billion. While we obviously are working to return to domestic net inflows, we continue to feel comfortable with the progress we’re making in the business. Flows continue to be impacted by the industry wide weakness in retail equity fund flows and by the upcoming merges in our mutual fund lineup, which were announced last month. While institutional flows remain negative, we feel very good about the pipeline and the overall positioning of that business. Internationally, Threadneedle’s return to net inflows was led by strong institutional inflows which more than offset the outflows of lower margin Zurich assets.  Our investment performance continued to improve in most asset classes, highlighted by stronger short-term domestic fixed income performance and continued strength in our three and five-year numbers. Threadneedle’s performance remained very strong and overall we feel good about our performance records. The integration of the acquisition is proceeding according to plan. During the quarter, we completed the move to a common transfer agency for the combined business and we announced a new product lineup. Once our fund merges are completed, which will occur mostly during the first quarter of next year, we will have a more focused and strong performing product platform. As we’ve gone through the integration process, which obviously imposed a significant change on the organization, the business has continued to perform well. We’ve retained talented people and maintained the two firms’ client bases, and we’re now operating truly as one firm with any disruptions from the transaction largely behind us. In annuities, we reported pretax operating earnings of $265 million for the quarter, a slight decrease compared to a year ago and more than double our sequential earnings. This quarter reflects our annual DAC unlocking which had a positive impact on the quarter, although less positive than a year ago. While Walter will discuss the drivers of DAC shortly, I want to note that the primary driver of the positive impact was greater persistency of the book. Clients are staying in annuity contracts longer.  Business fundamentals remain solid despite a continued challenging environment for sales. We produced variable annuity net inflows of approximately $500 million, double our net inflows compared with the sequential quarter. The inflows were driven primarily by sales of a well-received new product that we introduced during the quarter. The fixed annuity business remains stable. While we’re not writing much new business in fixed annuities because of the rate environment, we are seeing lower lapse rates and better than expected asset persistency in the book. We continue to generate stable spread earnings and good returns from the fixed annuity balances. The protection segment produced pretax operating earnings of $65 million, a decrease of 53% compared to a year ago and 51% versus the sequential quarter. We recognized a $39 million expense related to DAC in this segment compared with a $24 million benefit in the third quarter of last year. Setting aside these impacts, profits were down $10 million year-over-year which resulted from increased claims. We not see the one-quarter increase in claims as a trend that is likely to continue. While insurance sales remain well below pre-crisis levels with clients still reluctant to commit cash, we saw a continuation of a gradual improvement in total cash sales. Expenses remain well controlled in the insurance business and we are pursuing sales improvements through a new simplified approach to help advisors explain product benefits to their clients.  The auto and home business continued its steady growth with policy counts increasing 10% over a year ago, and we’re promising benefits from alliance partnerships.  To summarize, we feel very good about the progress we’ve made and the results we generated over the past several quarters. We’re succeeding at driving higher margins in our less capital demanding businesses, and we are continuing to generate a very real benefit from the scale and strength of each of our operating segments. At the same time, we continue to manage our financial foundation carefully, and our risk and expense disciplines will not waiver.  Overall, we are in excellent condition and we are in a strong operating position. Of course, the environmental factors remain challenging. We expect the extended period of low short-term interest rates to continue for the foreseeable future, and while equity markets have improved, they’re still struggling to find their direction. Of course, clients feel these environmental factors and we believe the trend in client activity continues to demonstrate the fragile state of the economic recovery and consumer mindsets.  So the environment continues to impact us across our businesses. Asset-based fees, advisor productivity, and our ability to earn investment income are all affected by soft conditions. While these environmental risks remain, we are confident in our ability to navigate a wide range of conditions and generate good returns for our shareholders. Now I’ll turn it over to Walter, and later we’ll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thanks, Jim. We posted slides on our website again this quarter, and they will be updated with my talking points after the call. Please take a moment to review the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 and then turn to Slide 3. This was a record quarter for Ameriprise. Reported EPS was $1.32 and operating earnings per share were $1.37, up 32%. Revenues were up 26% and we maintained strong expense control which resulted in improved margins. Our operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, reached 12%; and finally, our balance sheet fundamental remain strong. Slide 4 reflects highlights of our performance. In the quarter, our operating earnings were 355 million. The 31% growth in operating earnings was achieved despite a significant year-over-year decline in DAC unlocking benefits. In the quarter, we generated a net positive DAC unlocking and other benefits of 47 million versus 105 million last year. The substantial year-over-year improvement in operating performance reflects the following items: growth in business drivers, realized reengineering benefits, the acquisition of Columbia Management, and the impact of the 10% year-over-year increase in the equity markets. On the next slide we provide more insight into the DAC and our associated assumptions. Of the 47 million in after-tax items in the quarter, 37 million of the benefit was generated by unlocking. The two major drivers were: first, updated persistency assumptions drove an overall benefit of 101 million. Persistency on both fixed and variable annuities has improved to the point we needed to increase DAC amortization periods to better align the recognition of expense with revenues anticipated over the life of the business. Of course, while improved persistency has a positive impact on continuing fees and spread revenue, it could also lead to increased benefit costs from variable annuity guarantees; so we needed to increase reserves for these benefits. Consistent with our risk management philosophy, we adjusted our hedge in the third quarter so it is based on the same policyholder behavior assumptions as the liability.  Secondly, we lowered our equity and fixed income return assumptions to reflect fair value of the equity market and the current interest rate environment. This resulted in a $55 million expense. Near-term equity markets now equal our long-term assumption of 9%, reflecting our view that the market is currently reasonably valued. Fixed income return assumptions reflect our expectation of an extended period of low interest rates gradually increasing over time. In the quarter, we generated a mean reversion benefit of 25 million reflecting the 11% absolute increase in the S&P 500 during the quarter. And finally, the narrowing of our own credit spread drove $15 million in losses. Remember, we do not hedge the impact of our own credit spread on the living benefit valuation. On the next slide, operating net revenue growth was strong at 26%. Revenues have been on an upward trajectory over the past five quarters. Excluding the Columbia acquisition, revenue would have been up 13%, driven primarily by higher markets, positive retail flows, and increased client activity. Let’s turn to expenses. We continue to manage our expense base effectively. Operating, general and administrative expenses grew 15%, primarily due to the Columbia acquisition. Operating expenses in the other segments were down year-over-year, reflecting continued strong expense controls and reengineering benefits. On the next slide, you can see we are continuing to drive our business mix towards lower capital, high return on equity businesses, namely advice and wealth management and asset management. Together these businesses, excluding the DAC impacts, generated 43% of our third quarter operating PTI, and you can see that we have been on a good trajectory for the past year. Keep in mind, the fourth quarter 2009 results were skewed by the recognition of hedge fund performance fees. This compares to a 29% mix from these businesses in the 2007 to 2009 period.  One of our key objectives is driving this mix shift towards lower capital businesses while effectively managing our excess capital position, which ultimately leads to a return on equity expansion. On the next slide, I’ll turn to the segments. This was an excellent quarter for the advice and wealth management segment. Pretax operating earnings were 88 million in the quarter and operating margins have improved from 3.4% last year to 9.3% this quarter. Year-over-year earnings growth and margin expansions were driven by several factors: first, continued advisor productivity gains as a result of reengineering our business model; second, growth in average fee-based assets driven by market appreciation and wrap net inflows of 9.1 billion; third, lower operating, general and administrative expenses reflecting strong expense management. We achieved these expense savings even as we continued to make significant investments in the businesses, including increased marketing and our new brokerage platform. And finally, an improvement in client activity, although it continues to be below pre-crisis levels. Client activity typically declines in the third quarter and average equity markets were down 4% sequentially. That said, a portion of that seasonal drop was offset by stronger sales in our new variable annuity product, RAVA 5; and the market decline was partially offset by retail inflows. As a result, revenues were down only 2% sequentially. On the next slide, you can see we also had strong performance in our asset management segment. In the quarter, we generated pretax operating earnings of 121 million and an operating margin of 18.3%. This is the first quarter reflecting a full three months of Columbia operating PTI.  While the year-over-year market appreciation benefited our margin, the sequential decline in average markets did put pressure on revenues. We estimate the 4% decline in average markets lowered margins by approximately 1%. The integration of Columbia continues to go well. Please turn to the next slide for more details. Year-to-date, we’ve spent $76 million in integration costs with 18 million recorded in the asset management segment in this quarter. Our estimate of total integration costs remains at 130 to 160 million. Our expense synergy estimates also remain on track, having realized approximately 47 million year-to-date versus our estimate of total expense synergies of 150 to 190 million. As we said before, integration was expected to impact flows. There are three main factors impacting Columbia’s retail flows: first, the continuing impact of the integration on fund merger; second, we continue to experience significant sub-advisor outflows; and finally, the market demand continues to be skewed towards fixed income products. Institutional flows, while still negative, have improved significantly and reflect the continued acceleration of our activities in that area. We are seeing the best institutional pipeline we’ve seen for quite a while. Finally, alternative flows are being impacted by a soft close of most of our hedge funds to allow us to maintain strong performance.  At Threadneedle, net inflows of 1.1 billion were driven by strong institutional flows, more than offsetting continued Zurich outflows. Retail net outflows continue to reflect the overall market volatility in Europe. Let’s move on to annuities which also generated strong results in the quarter. The 265 million of operating earnings included the following: 105 million in benefits from unlocking, 29 million in benefits from mean reversion, and 22 million in expenses from VA benefits. The year-over-year underlying growth was driven primarily by higher account values as a result of markets and business growth. Sequential underlying growth reflects higher revenues from an extra fee day along with lower amortization of DAC.  The ongoing impact of DAC amortization from unlocking should not be large as lengthening the amortization period tends to reduce near-term amortization while lowering market return assumptions, and certain other changes tend to increase near-term amortization.  Focusing on the underlying business trends, we continue to see positive net flows for variable annuities with third quarter showing significant improvement over the second quarter of 2010. The growth reflects the uptake of our new product, RAVA 5, which was introduced in July.  Our hedge program continued to work well. The non-performance risk, which is the impact of our credit spread on the GAAP liability valuation, is not hedged and is the main driver behind the VA benefit expense. On the next slide, the protection segment reported lower operating earnings due to both unlocking and higher claims for disability income and long-term care insurance. Operating earnings of 65 million included the following items: increased expense of 49 million due to unlocking, and a benefit of 10 million from mean reversion. Sequentially, excluding the disclosed items, underlying earnings were down 21 million with about half attributable to higher DI and LTC claims, and half to higher VUL and UL reserves and amortization expenses, primarily related to secondary guarantees and our expectation of lower interest rates. On the next slide, we continue to manage our financial foundation well which has enabled us to return capital to shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.6 million shares for $153 million. That brings our year-to-date repurchases to 9.3 million shares for $373 million. We continue to hold more than 1.5 billion in excess capital while our cash flows remain strong at 3.7 billion. The 2.1 billion of free cash does not include the 340 million we will use next month to retire debt. The underlying quality of our balance sheet also remains strong. RiverSource Life’s estimated RBC remains above 500%, and our unrealized gain position increased to $2.3 billion. Our balance sheet ratios continue to remain conservative, both in terms of leverage ratios and coverage ratios. Finally, our variable annuity hedge program continues to be effective. So to summarize, we generated record earnings in the quarter as a result of strong underlying business performance despite continued challenging market. Our actions have resulted in increased operating leverage and we are making good progress. We are driving the mix towards lower capital businesses, effectively managing our excess capital, and driving improved operating returns. Our balance sheet remains strong, including our capital and liquidity positions. Now we’d like to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you have a question, please press star then one on your touchtone phone. If you wish to be removed from the queue, please press the pound sign or the hash key. If you are using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up the handset first before pressing the numbers. Once again, if you have a question please press star then one on your touchtone phone.  The first question is from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Thanks. A few detail questions for Walter. You had commented about reducing the long-term interest rate assumptions. The first part of that is, can you comment on how much you’ve lowered your fixed income separate account return assumptions to? I believe from your 10-K disclosures, they were 6.5% a year. So first question, is what has that been changed to?
Walter Berman: It’s been changed to 6.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: So from 6.5 to 6? Got it.
Walter Berman: Yes, that’s correct.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Now just one mechanical question. Six percent from this point forward with interest rates—with corporate bond yields in the 3 to 4 range, would imply capital appreciation to get to a 6% long-term return assumption. So is that consistent with—so that, to me, implies that you’re assuming interest rates will go down from here for an extended period of time to get to a 6% long-term return assumption. Is that consistent with your interest rate assumptions on your general account right now?
Walter Berman: What we assumed, Tom, was that for the near-term period that the rate on that would be sub-3; and then in the end of 2012 period, we’re assuming the Treasury will be, like, a 5, and then with the spread we’ll take it to a 6. And that’s how we got to it, and we think that is consistent.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. I guess, Walter, my point would be for money that are going into these contracts today, 6% would appear to be—the only that’s going to happen is if rates go down and stay down. I understand your point that as you move forward on average, if rates rise, you’d be clipping higher coupons. But for funds that go into contracts in the next year, 6% seems unlikely unless rates actually go down from here and stay down. But we can debate that more offline.
Walter Berman: Okay.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: I don’t know if you agree or disagree with that. I just—I think it’s improbable that you’d get 6% unless interest rates actually go down for money being put into contracts now.
Walter Berman: Like I said, we’re assuming now for the shorter period that the rate is going to actually be substantially under that. It’s going to be under 3, and then as you look at the forward rate curve, they seem to support that in the two to three-year time frame, you could get to the ranges that we’re talking about. So actually I think we’re agreeing.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. And then just a related question – is that consistent with the discount rate change you made on the general account side, whether it’s to the secondary guarantee UL or long-term care?
Walter Berman: On the secondary, yes. It is reasonably consistent.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. And then last question is the—I just want to understand sort of go-forward annuity DAC amortization, how we should be thinking about that. I know there was a write-up this quarter and I understand—or least have a rough understanding of the mechanics. But last quarter I think the DAC run rate amortization was about 85 million normalized. This quarter it was 62 million. Can you give us some idea of what the run rate would be going forward? Is the 62 million a good run rate? Is it going to go up or down?
Walter Berman: Obviously—let me try and do it this way. The impact was effective in the quarter, so when we look at going forward, as I said, with the lengthening of the lives and then with the overtrades, I don’t think we see a major change in the near term as it relates to that, versus—
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: So Walter, would the 62 million amortization rate be a decent run rate, which would imply annuity earnings of 150 million-plus a quarter; or is it back to 2Q level? I just want to clarify that.
Walter Berman: Probably closer to the 2Q level.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Hey, good morning, everybody. If we go back to Slide 11 for a second, it indicates that you guys have year-to-date 47 million of synergies, or I guess I’d just call that cost saves, but whatever. If memory serves, at second quarter that synergy estimate was 14 million, so it looks like you got a pretty meaningful kicker incrementally of about $33 million. I guess my question is (1) am I doing that math right? And then if so, I guess I’m a little surprised that sequentially, or quarter-over-quarter, that asset management earnings didn’t actually come through even better despite the market drag with the average S&P down. So is there something else we should be thinking about there? Is it drag? Is it fee rates coming down, or anything like that, that we should be thinking about?
Walter Berman: No, I don’t think so. I think—listen, the pattern of that as we went in, it will slow a little and then build up in 2011; and as it relates to the quarter, certainly we had the impact of the quarter-over-quarter 4% drop, but there’s nothing that we see as problematic.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. But the math is right, right? That’s an additional 33 million quarter-over-quarter?
Walter Berman: Approximately right, yes. That is approximately correct.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. Second question is just on protection. In your remarks, Walter, I think you mentioned that about half of the quarter-over-quarter decline, or about $10 million, was related to low interest rates on the impact on UL and VUL reserves. Should we be thinking about that as a one-time item or is that a—if rates remain at around current levels, we’ve got to think about that as a sustainable, sort of higher level of benefit expense?
Walter Berman: I think if rates stay where they are, you should think of it as a continual benefit.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Got it. And then finally just on your—with your adjustments to the DAC in the annuity business, can you give us a sensitivity if you lowered, for instance, the equity market assumption from 9 to 8 long-term, what kind of an impact that would be?
Walter Berman: Well, basically you’re taking out—let me just say this. I think when we adjusted through with the elements, it’s moved from, like, 10—yeah, it’s down from 10, too. So the amount on that is, (inaudible), on the equity side is around 36 million, and that’s moving a point and a half. I’m guessing right now it may be 20 or something like that. But it’s a guess. It really is.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. I’ll follow up with you afterwards.
Walter Berman: Because normally we wouldn’t take it below 8—below 9.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Got it. Thank you. I hope you’re right.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Hey, good morning. A couple of questions. First, around the asset management business. On the equity side, only 54% were in the top 2 quartiles. Last quarter I think it was over 70%. A little color on what’s going on there; and secondly, once you merge the funds—if you had merged the funds officially this quarter, what would that number look like? And then tied into that question is the outflows in U.S. mutual funds of about—or net outflows of about $3.2 billion. The question is how much of that would you say is related to the integration, and when does the integration of Columbia RiverSource become a non-event?
James Cracchiolo : Hi Andrew. First, I would say that in speaking to our investment professionals, they’ve had a bit more of a defensive position. They actually feel quite good about the make-ups of the portfolios and the type of securities they have in them; and so I think quarter to quarter you’re always going to experience a level of volatility. But we think we’ve got good three and five-year records. We think that the consistency of their performance over the last number of periods adds value to that, and so they feel very comfortable with it. So we don’t have a concern here that the overall performance is slipping in any fashion.  In regard to the—what your second question was around—
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Yeah, just if you combined all the funds now and kind of dropped off the weaker ones, would that 54 be materially higher?
James Cracchiolo: Yeah, I think what you’ll find is that as we merge all the funds together, we will have a better lineup of performance. And we will be dropping off some of the underperforming records that we have in some of the smaller funds as well. But I would say overall we have a good lineup. I’m quite excited about what that looks like as a consolidated sort of lineup of funds, and I think once that starts to get communicated and consistently applied out through the distribution force, that should be good as a positive. Regarding the flows, I would just say it’s a combination of factors, as Walter and I have mentioned. Clearly you do have an industry-wide pullout of equity funds. I mean, redemptions are a bit up across the industry and new sales aren’t coming in there. I think a lot of flows in some of the fund families have really come into the fixed income. Over 60% of our funds are more in the equity base. That’s sort of the positioning that we’ve had out in the marketplace. The second thing, as you would imagine, is we’ve just announced the lineup of the new funds so people don’t want to put into funds that they may think closed. We also just got the new wholesaling force coordinated and they’re picking up the new products and the new territories, so that takes a bit of time. And we still are experiencing some outflows in some of the sub-advisor funds that have underperformed in the past, so I think the reason you see a bit of an increase is because we picked up three months of Columbia for the third quarter. We only had two in in the second quarter that was some of the outflows that we’re continuing to see. So I think that’s along the lines. You know, we would love for it to—hope to get it turned around, and that’s what we’re really focused on. But we did expect some of this based on a combination of the factors I just mentioned. 
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: And then just a quick follow-on question on the protection segment with disability income and long-term care claims elevating. Can you reiterate – I think, Jim, you were saying it was about a $10 million impact, and what are you doing in those product lines to mitigate it? Are you repricing the DI and the LTCI, or do you just think things are going to revert to where results were?
Walter Berman: Okay, it’s Walter, Andrew. On the LTC, obviously we are in repricing and we’ve certainly filed for pricing. As relates to the DI, as we indicated, it looked like that was a spike-up in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis it’s actually on trend line where we are, so we’re feeling quite comfortable with no action. We have some of the lowest claim rates, probably, in the industry so we don’t really feel there’s a pattern change here at all at this stage.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: And what’s the repricing on the LTCI?
Walter Berman: We’ve been filing for rate increases in various state venues as we—for the—
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Like 10%? 12, 15?
Walter Berman: We’ve been doing that for quite some time and we continue to file that.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Yeah, I mean, but how much? Like, 10%? 15?
Walter Berman: It varies. It varies. Obviously there’s a whole set of tests that you go through with the state to demonstrate the profitability of it. It’s ranged all over depending on state. But it’s been a program we’ve been doing and we obviously valuate that relative to the current rate, so it’s a detailed review that goes on. But it’s—we constantly assess and we’re constantly filing.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you and good morning. A couple questions on the advice and wealth business. The first question is if we think about that 21% lift in productivity from the third quarter of ’09, can you tell us how much of that was based on just markets being higher this quarter versus how much of it was from actual increases in real productivity, client activity, that sort of thing?
James Cracchiolo: We probably don’t have the exact, but the way I would probably think about it is your markets were up roughly 9% on equity, and so not all the assets are equity based; I mean, heavily they’re not. And so I think you get a piece of it from the equity markets, a piece of it from increased client activity, and then a piece from client inflows that we’ve experienced over the last year that has also moved into products like the wrap. So it was roughly 2 billion just for the quarter, but if you add up the total quarters over the year, you’ll find that it was a nice increase. So it’s a combination of those factors. 
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. I might request, if it’s possible, to maybe break that out in your supplement going forward. I think it would be helpful to understand the health of the business. The second question is--
James Cracchiolo: We’ll look at it and see what makes sense.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: All right. That’s great. Appreciate it. Second question on the business is the employee advisor retention at, I think, 78%. I think that’s probably one of the highest levels I’ve seen. Should we assume from that, that you’re sort of done with the productivity—minimum productivity standard implementation and perhaps now we can start to think about growing the employee advisor base over the next couple quarters; or do you still think that advisor count is going to be flat to down?
James Cracchiolo: I think, as you said, the retention rate is probably for our employees the highest that we have had it at, and we continue to see a slowing quarter to quarter. It’s not necessarily completely over because there are still people that we had added a year ago and two years ago that continue—just as you know, as they mature you always have an attrition rate because they can’t necessarily keep on taking the step up, and we still have advisors in the system such as that. But I think as it goes on, we’ll have it more normalized. As you see, the retention rate’s starting to pick up and we’re hoping to get that into the 80s. And so for the employee system and for the franchisee system, it’s quite strong.  From a replacement perspective, as you know, when you have 11,000, 12,000 advisors, just to replace normal attrition – people leaving, succession planning, people retiring, et cetera – you have to make up for all of that. And what we’ve been doing is instead of looking at it as just a count of advisors, we’re trying to add to teams. We’re trying to give them greater support that they can build out their practices, not necessarily with new reps but with support staff and assistant advisors who are also recruiting in, we think, more experienced people that have books of business already. So we’re focused more on the productivity aspects. Over time, I would say over the next number of quarters, yes, I would like to get that to be more of a flat first and then hopefully get it to rise to—slightly in the periods; but the focus will be on increased productivity and growth of practices in combination to the number of people that we have.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Got it. Okay. And then the last question I have is just on the impact of low interest rates on the advice and wealth business. Walter, in your prepared comments you talked about that drag being significant. Can you help us quantify what that drag is right now? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Walter Berman: If you’re referring to the advice and wealth management, obviously the drag is continuing, so the change is really not an impact for us from that standpoint. It’s just staying at a lower rate, as we spoke to you about, that we were hoping and as we looked at the rates that they would increase, which would then generate profitability. But the quarter-over-quarter change is not significant at all from that standpoint. It is certainly just we’re looking for the uplift as the short-term rates go up.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: No, I got that; but just the absolute level of drag. I’m not talking about quarter-over-quarter. Just what are the cash balances, what do you normally earn on them, and what are you earning right now? Maybe that’s the way to do it.
Walter Berman: As we indicated last time, we’re earning in the 50 basis point range on the sweep accounts, and we continue to earn in that range; and that’s at the low end of the spectrum. And that’s what we see continuing until we start seeing short rates go up.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Got it. And the sweep balance right now is how much?
Walter Berman: It’s about 11 still, I think. We’ll get back to you, but I think it’s about in the 11 range.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Eleven billion?
Walter Berman: Yes.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star, one on your phone. The next question is from Colin Devine from Citi. Please go ahead.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Good morning. I have a couple questions. Walter, with respect to the changes made on the variable annuity line, which is on persistency, and then also benefit payment expectations. I was wondering if you could just expand on that a little bit. Now, in terms of your DAC policy, over how many years has that now changed? And then in terms of future benefits, what’s changed in your thinking as to what you’re going to be paying out? Is it death benefits? Is it lifetime benefits? And then how much did you add to reserves? I’m trying to make that out from the stat supplement, and I don’t know if it was actually a couple hundred million, but perhaps you could expand on that.  And then just changing gears, perhaps, for Jim, I know a big focus has been to bring in non-proprietary products and to get those sold through your system. Can you give us some update as to how that’s evolving, please?
Walter Berman: As relates to what’s changed, certainly we have observed that people that have living benefits tend to lapse less, and certainly people, as you have indicated, certainly in the money tend to lapse less also. And on that basis, we’ve gone in looking at the behavioral patterns and made the adjustment, and the number’s in the $200 million range. As it relates to the amortization period on variable annuities, it was looking and evaluating where we were. Basically it went up to, I believe—it doubled for—it went from 20 to 40 on fixed annuities—on variable annuities, and on fixed annuities it went up to 30 years, and that’s based upon the actuaries evaluating the performance characteristics. So—
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Walter, I’m sorry, did you say your DAC in your variable annuities is now over 40 years?
Walter Berman: That’s correct.
Colin Devin – Citigroup:  Or did I misunderstand you?
Walter Berman: No, you did not misunderstand me.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay. And in terms of your commission structure, are you largely—are your Vas largely sold with a C-share or an L-share?
Walter Berman: I’m not following. Say it again?
Colin Devine – Citigroup:  Do they have a trail commission on them or is it largely an upfront commission that you’re—
Walter Berman: Largely upfront.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: All upfront? Okay.
Walter Berman:  Largely, yes.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Hall from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Great, thanks very much. When I look at the $1.5 billion of—or more than $1.5 billion of excess capital, and then I look at the amount of shares that were repurchased in the quarter of 150-some odd million, roughly half of income generated in the quarter. I just wonder about what’s driving the pace of share repurchase. At that rate, you’re not actually reducing your capital at all. You’re barely holding even with that $1.5 billion of excess. So I was wondering if you could just comment on how you think about the pace of share repurchases going forward?
Walter Berman: All right. The pace was established as we—we went out with authorization back in the second quarter. We established the 1.5 buyback and certainly that pace is looking at—and we look at a multitude of factors. We look at certainly the situation. We look at certainly as we shift to lower capital intense activities. So there’s a whole host of elements that go in. Right now with the 1.1 billion left, we intend over the period to certainly—depending on—if situations stay, that we will execute the share repurchase. You’re right; but the fact is the earnings are growing and they are generating a return, and factored into how we evaluate it is the generation of earnings, and we will reevaluate. As we generate the earnings, we look at the situation and we evaluate what the best way is to return to our shareholder. So we are—we still have 1.1 billion. We’ll evaluate it and intend to—just in light of the current environment, continue on the pace that we’ve seen, measuring the environment and measuring our capacity to return.
John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: But I guess the question is, is the objective of the share repurchase program to whittle away that $1.5 billion of excess that you have, or is it just to, on a recurring basis, return a certain percentage of the earnings that you generate?
Walter Berman: I think the objective is twofold. Obviously saving the soundness of the organization to ensure at any given time as we look at the situation we have appropriate capital to meet the needs of the business. So that is a changing situation. Part of the formula that goes in there is the earning generation and the situation that we think we are. We don’t believe retaining excess capital is certainly in the best interest of shareholders so therefore we look at various ways to return that, and we are generating a lot and certainly our required capital is going down as we shift into the low capital intense. That will be taken into consideration as we evaluate how to best return to shareholders. 
John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. My next question has to do with the sales of the annuities. The new product, was this an entire—a full quarter of that new product being on the shelf, or are the sales reflective of some partial period of it being available?
Walter Berman: I think it’s more reflective of a partial as it builds up, as to the network. It takes time to get to a steady state.
John Cracchiolo: Yeah, it was launched towards the latter part of July, and so the sales were building up through the quarter. So it did not have a full quarter of activity.  I’d also like to just circle back to Colin’s last part of it—his third part of the question. We did add other annuity products to the shelf in the quarter at the same time we launched the new product. We have received some uptake but still a large part of the sales have gone to the new RiverSource product. In regard to what we’ve done over time is we have a pretty large group of funds in SMA accounts on our shelf over the years, thousands of them. But we’ve also added hundreds more as people have requested some different variety, or if people are joining us and had certain other fund activity or separate accounts that they wanted to bring over. So we’ve got a very wide and broad platform on the investment side. We started with the launch of some additional annuity products in the channel, as we said, in July. The architecture, even for our annuities, is all open architecture under it for investment. And then in the insurance, we have a wide range of products from different companies also on our shelf that our advisors can utilize for their client needs. And so we’ll continue to look to expand that over time, and we’re doing it in a very informed way so that we can get the right uptake and the right training and the right support.
John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Great. My final question has to do with—I guess, it’s a little bit more forward-looking into the fourth quarter and concerns performance fees potentially generated. Where do you stand on those types of assets and accounts where you would generate performance fees? Are you in a position where that is a net positive in your mind right now?
Walter Berman:  As of now, and as you know, it changes. We are in a net positive position.
John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thank you.
Walter Berman: You’re welcome. 
Operator: Once again, if there are any questions, please press star, one on your phone. Standing by for questions. At this time there are no further questions. I’ll turn the conference over to Ms. Laura Gagnon for final remarks.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you. Before we end the call, I’d like to remind you that we will be holding our annual Financial Community Meeting on November 11 at the New York Stock Exchange. At that meeting, we will provide some commentary on our progress and performance, and we’ll give you (audio interference) global asset management business with presentations from Ted Truscott and Crispin Henderson. We hope to see you there. With that, we’d like to thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon – VP, IR Jim Cracchiolo – Chairman and CEO Walter Berman – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Kligerman – UBS Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs John Nadel – Sterne Agee Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein Eric Berg – Barclays Capital Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse
Operator:
 : I will now turn the call over to Laura Gagnon. Laura Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial first quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we will take your question. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some of these statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earning release, our 2009 Annual Report to shareholders and our 2009 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our first quarter earnings discussion. During this call, I will go into give you some insight into our performance for the quarter. I’ll also provide an update on our pending Columbia acquisition and I will discuss our positioning for the rest of the year. Walter will give you more detail on the quarter and our financial statements. Let's begin. As our first quarter results demonstrate, we’re generating positive business momentum. While client and advisory activity still have not returned to pre-crisis levels, markets have continue to strengthen and it’s evident that our clients are slowly gaining confidence in the financial environment. During the quarter, we grew our client base, our advisor productivity increased nicely and we saw continued strengthen wrap net flows. Just as important, our client and advisory retention remained at high levels and the long lasting client relationships that define our franchise are strong. The good friends in our business and the rising markets contributed to solid results for the quarter. The $215 million in operating earnings we reported today marks our best first quarter ever. In fact, we are approaching the earnings levels we are achieving before the financial crisis and the recession began. For the quarter, our operating net revenues were 25% compared with a year ago and our total owned, managed and administered assets increased to $463 billion, a 31% increase. Our strong financial foundation and prudent operating principals continue to serve us well. The balance sheet remains in excellent condition and we are maintaining on capital flexibility. We have over $2.5 billion in excess capital including the capital we raced to pre-fund the Columbia acquisition and a strong liquidity pool of $4.3 billion in free cash. I should note that yesterday we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend. In addition, we remain focused on expense control and re-engineering. We are continuing to make investments for growth. For example, we have committed resources to our marketing campaign and new brokerage platform among other important kind of initiatives, but as we invest, we are maintaining our expense discipline just as we have in the past. While distribution expenses grew as a result of our stronger sales in the quarter, our controllable expenses remain well managed. The recovery in our client metrics continues to be gradual and clients clearly don't fully trust the economic rebound. But as we continue to build on our steady progress in combination with closing our acquisition and integrating Columbia Management into the company, I feel good about our overall positioning and our ability to execute our agenda. Before I provide a greater context for our performance, I would like to note that we have presented operating earnings on both a consolidated basis and by segment. Operating earnings exclude the impacts of the required accounting change, which requires consolidation on our balance sheet of client assets and certain investment entities. This rule change results on no financial impact on our financial strength or business. Operating earnings also exclude integration cost and realize investment gains or losses. We believe this measure gives you a clear picture of our performance and we will continue to provide this disclosure going forward. Now I will move on to a discussion of the segment performance. First, in Advice and Wealth Management. We reported pretax operating income of $54 million compared with a loss in a very different market environment we faced last year. Retail client assets increased 31% over a year ago which reflects both higher markets and incremental increase in client flows. This led to an increase of 20% in segment operating net revenues and a 6% pretax operating margin in the segment for the quarter, the best margin for Advise and Wealth Management since the second quarter of 2008. The More Within Reach advertising campaign was launched in January and which is built around our advisors has driven our brand awareness up to 62% which is an all time high. Our advisors are enthusiastic about the new exposure for the brand, which they prove as an important element of support we provide to help them grow their practices. As a result of this and the other investments, we are making to support them, the advisor remained satisfied and engaged and our advisor retention rate remains very high. At the same time advisor productivity continues to rebound with operating net revenue per advisor increasing 25% compared with a year ago. The increase in productivity is also evidence in our wrap business where we had net inflows of $2.5 billion and 93% increase over a year ago. Total wrap assets were approximately $1 billion at quarter end, another all time high. While flows in long-term contracts remain challenged as I will discuss shortly, we are quite encouraged by the steady in wrap. This indicates the clients are seeking broad based advice portfolio diversity. You will notice that our total advisory count decrease during the quarter. That’s a result of our continued focus on productivity. For quite some time now, less productive advisors have been leaving the system and we have been bringing in established and more productive advisors. We slowed our recruitment efforts in the fourth quarter and into this year as we completed H&R Block integration and introduce our new brokerage platform which will provide advisors with technology that will be among the best in the industry. At the same time, the environment for recruiting experienced advisors has changed quite significantly compared with a year ago when many firms in the industry were in trouble and advisors were actually looking for a stable company and brand. Fewer advisors are switching firms now that conditions are stable. That said, our value proposition is appealing to a significant share recruits and our field leaders and recruiters are again ramping up their efforts. While we did not bring in as many recruits as we did in the first quarter of last year, our recruiting pipeline is beginning to build again. In asset management, we generated pretax operating income of $22 million which includes a $27 million expense relating to significant come back in Threadneedle’s estimated market valuation which Walter will address. Excluding the Threadneedle item, the segment’s operating earnings would have been $49 million and its pretax operating margin would have been 13%. Operating net revenues increased 40% over a year ago. The stronger results were driven by market appreciation as well as inflows of the past year and significant reductions in controllable expenses. In terms of asset flows, we recorded total net outflows of approximately $800 million, but if we exclude Zurich related institutional outflows and Threadneedle and some expected dis-synergy outflows related to the Columbia transaction, we would have been solidly in net inflows. In the domestic business, equity mutual funds remain in outflows. While many of us in the industry expected investors to return the sideline cash to equities, this development has not fully occurred despite the strength of the markets. Investors remain cautious and continue to seek what they consider consistent returns rather than accept higher level of risk, a trend that underscores the depth and impact of the crisis. In our domestic institutional business, we lost a few clients as we expect that we would as part of the process of combining Columbia's management team with ours. Nevertheless, domestic institutional sales were quite good and net flows were positive. Internationally, Threadneedle delivered another strong quarter highlighted by strong sales and retail net inflows of $1.3 billion. Even with the Zurich outflows, total Threadneedle net flows were positive in the quarter. In terms of investment performance, we continue to see positive trends in the domestic equity performance with 78% of equity funds above the Lipper peer medians on an asset weighted basis for the year. At Threadneedle, 93% of equity funds were above medium for both three and five year performance. We continue to believe that Columbia Management acquisition will be an excellent addition to the Asset Management business. We expect to close on May 1st and we continue to expect the final purchase price to be approximately $1 billion. Similar to our experience in the domestic institutional business, Columbia experience net outflows and low margin institutional counts that certain clients did not consent to change investment advisors. Again, this was a development we expected. Nevertheless, the total assets we will acquire ended the quarter at $189 billion, a 15% increase since we announced the deal. Our planning our integration is proceeding according to schedule and expectation and we remain confident that we will be able to execute the transaction and deliver on our financial projections for the deal. From an operating perspective, Ted Truscott and his management team are very pleased with the talented investment professionals we have assembled to lead our funds post close. We will soon have a powerful Asset Management with strong performing funds in every style box. The annuity segment reported pretax operating income for the quarter of $17 million, up slightly from a year ago. Walter will walk through the details of the segments earnings. In variable annuities, asset balances increased to $15 billion, a 37% increase over a year ago and a 3% sequential increase. Net inflows were low at $98 million in the quarter, consistent with the generally slow sales environment in the industry and because our advisors were awaiting a pending product enhancement in another new product launch, we believe sales will pick up again as clients confidence in the market continues to grow and as these products are introduced. In fixed annuities, our balances were $15 billion, up 6% from last year. As we told you last quarter, fixed annuity sales slowed in response to the current rate environment. While balances are expected to gradually decline in the coming quarters, the book is continuing to generate solid returns. The protection segment generated pretax operating income of $118 million for the quarter, up 13% compared with last year. Sales started to improve in the fourth quarter, remain steady through the early part of this year. In fact, VUL and UL sales combined were up 64% compared with a year ago. While we still haven't returned to pre-crisis levels, we are seeing slow and steady progress. The auto and home business continue to generate steady growth with another quarter of 9% year-over-year growth in policy counts. The overall book of insurance business continues to generate strong returns. In total, as I look across our businesses, while flows haven't yet returned in all product categories, I am seeing improvement in our metrics, decline activity and advisory productivity trending positively and with assets and account balances rising. I believe we are positioned well for the remainder of the year. Our business fundamentals are improving slowly but steadily. We remain excited about the opportunities that Columbia acquisition and our other investments present and our financial foundation expense controls remain strong. To wrap up, I feel good about where we stand today. We are focused on realizing the opportunities we created through the recession and we have a clear vision of how we intend to do that. Now, I will turn it over to Walter and later we will take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thanks, Jim. We post the slides in our website again this quarter and they will be updated with my talking points after the call. Please take a moment to review the Safe Harbor on page two and then turn to slide three. This was a good quarter for us. Reported and operating earnings per share were $0.81. We had good operating revenue and continued strong expense management that drove improved managers. All of our operating segments also reported solid performance and our balance sheet and liquidity continue to remain solid. Turning to page four, in the quarter, the company has introduced new operating measures to provide additional transparency to our underlying business results. The operating result exclude the impact of three items. One, a new accounting standard that required additional consolidation of certain investment entities onto our financial statements. While these changes impact our balance sheet and income statement, our exposure to these entities is unchanged and there is no impact on the underlying business. While the new rule allows net income to be reported as non-controlling interest, equity must still be reported in the retained earnings. This will be a separate line item and it will add transparency. Second, acquisition related income, of course, and finally, net realized gains or losses. Our operating net revenue of $2.1 billion for the quarter represents an increase of 25% compared with last year. And our operating PTI of $281 million is 85% higher than the first quarter of 2009. While we realized only minimal Columbia related integration of course in the quarter, these integration expenses are on target to total approximately $100 million by year end. Please turn to the next slide. You can see that the net income or loss attributable to the non-controlling interest is eliminated for both years, resulting in reported net income of $214 million for the quarter. EPS of $0.81 and return on equity of 9.3%. Our operating net income is 62% better than last year, while EPS is 35% higher than the first quarter of 2009. The return on equity, which excludes additional equity relating to CIEs is 9.7%. Excluding the shares related to the pre-funding for the Columbia Management acquisition, adjusted EPS would be $0.94 and adjusted to return on equity would be 10.6%. For future reference, we notice in your estimates that is many of you excluded the seasonal issuance of share in the first quarter related to long-term center plans. We issued $2.7 million share in the first quarter of 2010, and 3.1 million in the same period of 2009. On the next slide, operating net revenue growth was strong at 25% and revenues have been on a strong trajectory over the past five quarters. Keep in mind the fourth quarter of last year includes hedge fund performance fees, which we always booked in the fourth quarter. Underlying improved revenues were strong management fees driven by markets and flows over the past year. Distribution fee growth is impacted by markets as well, but continues to be moderated by the slow recovery in client activity. Management, advise and distribution fees were up 36% over a year ago and down 6% sequentially due to hedge fund performance fees recognized in the fourth quarter. Excluding those performance fees, management's fees are up sequentially as you would expect. Premiums have been stable up 6% over a year ago and down 2% sequentially. And net investment income reflect a strong growth in fixed annuity balance is year-over-year, as well as impact of redeploying cash at attractive yields during the first half of 2009. Net investment income was up 26% over the first quarter of 2009 and down 2% compared with the prior quarter. Expenses also continued to be well managed, with the benefits of our reengineering program, funding investments and increasing our operating leverage to the markets. As Jim said, we are making many investments for growth including the new advertising campaign and brokerage platform. Just as revenue in the fourth quarter are skewed by hedge fund performance fees so too, are expenses. In the form of compensation paid in relation to the strong performance. In the first quarter of 2010, investment performance and center accruals are also higher year-over-year. Excluding these timing impacts, G&A is actually down. Overall though, despite strong rising markets and good business growth. Our G&A expenses remain under control and flat to last year. On the next slide, I would like to address the segments. First AWM, here you will see that we are making strong progress on margins and Advice & Wealth Management segment. In fact, the 6.1% operating margin this quarter is the highest in nearly two years. This improvement is driven by record wrap balances, stronger distribution fees, even though longer dated decline activity continues to be below pre-crisis levels and reduction in general and administrative expenses 7% year-over-year, reflecting very strong expense management as well as the full integration of the H&R Block acquisition. In the asset management segment, we are making strong progress toward our margin goals. Our operating margin in the segment was 6% or 13% if we exclude the unusual $27 million expense related to Threadneedle's evaluation. The expense is driven by a more than doubling a Threadneedle's evaluation of over a year ago, which is extremely unusual, but of course it’s good news. As the value of the business arises, so to our commitments the Threadneedle employees and center plan and because of the accounting, we recognize a full year's change in value in the first quarter upon completion of the evaluation rather than amortizing over time. Last year declines in Threadneedle evaluation benefited earnings by $10 million. The PTI and revenue growth in the segment reflects market improves, net inflows over the year, a moved to higher fee business at Threadneedle and stronger expense control. Please turn to slide 10, which about the annuity segment. Last year annuity segment profits were impacted by dislocation in the markets. We had large numbers improving both directions from inversion, credit spreads widening, death benefits and other impacts. This makes a comparison to 2010 difficult. Focusing on what happened in the 2010 quarter, there are two key trends you need to be aware of in assessing this quarter's annuities PTI. Lower net investment income and higher benefit swing. We are implementing a new portfolio allocation program for valuable annuities, which we call enhanced portfolio navigator that will ship a long portion of fixed accounts from general accounts to separate accounts and establish a fund to fund structure that will provide us with daily of underlying fund investments. This will allow us to match our hedge assets much closer to the underlying investment to continue to mitigate basis risk. To ship asset to separate accounts, we liquidated about $600 million in general account assets, which negatively impacted net investment income by about $5 million and resulted in about $30 million in realized gains. We offset these realized gains primarily in the general account backing fixed annuities, strengthening the entire portfolio. The increase in benefit was driven by the mark-to-market of the hedge variable annuities benefits driven by model changes FAS 157 non-economic impacts and basis risk. While, there is a material DAC offset of the mark-to-market living benefit. It was mitigated by the accelerated DAC amortization driven by gains and valuable annuities. The offsetting losses and fixed annuities did not have a material DAC impact. On the next slide, the protection segment continues to generate stable revenues and earnings. While, we still haven't seen activity are come back to pre-crisis levels sales are up year-over-year. In the quarter, claims were marginally higher in the auto and home business relating to weather events. But these impacts were partially offset by improved benefit expense in the life and health lines. On next slide, we continue to effetely manage our balance sheet fundamentals. We hold excess capital of $2.5 billion, which includes approximately $1 billion we will use to fund the Columbia purchase next week. And we have a sizeable liquidity pool. During the quarter, we issued $750 million in debt, raised cash to $600 million to implement the enhanced variable annuity portfolio allocation product and increased cash to facilitate the payment of $450 million in dividend from the life company to the holding company. In the near-term, we will use cash to close on Columbia, transfer cash to separate accounts in variable annuities and we pay $340 million in debt in November. As of March 31, post to dividend to the holding company, our estimated RBC ratio was well above 4 100%. And our invested asset portfolio remains strong. We had unrealized gain position of approximately $1 billion. Our balance sheet ratios continue to remain conservative. Lastly a variable annuity hedge fund continues to be effective, good operating leverage and we are making progress toward our financial goals. Our balance sheet remains strong including our capital and liquidity position. And overall, we believe we are well-positioned. Now, we will take questions.
Operator:
 :
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Okay. Good morning. Questions around asset management. It looks like there was generally some pressure on flows. The first question would be, how much disruption is likely to occur going forward. You mentioned the $600 million due to the Columbia synergy and institutional and out, net flows in retail were negative $1.1 billion. Was there anything any disruption there due to the ongoing acquisition? So maybe the first question would be what's the outlook from potential outflows from the Columbia acquisition going forward?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. Hi, Andrew. Good morning. This is Jim Cracchiolo.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Hi, Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: We actually think the Columbia acquisition and the integration on the alignment is going very well. The institutional outflow we experienced was for one of the managers that we were consolidating and that was clearly outlined that was part of our plan. In regards to the other outflows that we experienced to be very straight, we didn't have good funds in those categories that we were selling. Now, sales overall are still a little slow, particularly on the equity side and then in the area that is the funds were coming in – the fund flows were coming in, we didn't really have those categories so fully in our lineup. And now, with Columbia that should help things as we go along, as we match up what Columbia brings with Ameriprise. But I don't see anything significant from the disruption at this point in time. I think we are pretty much aligned with Columbia a similar on their side of the house. And so we are still feel I'm very good according to our original plans.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Jim, and then just looking over to Threadneedle, is the outflows a $1.3 billion this quarter, I think it was a similar amount last quarter. But where do the Zurich assets stand at this stage in the game? And you talked about in the release, it talks about being lower margin. What exactly are the margins on those assets?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, the first of all, Threadneedle continues to get good inflows in much higher fee basis. So in the other retail funds and their institutional accounts particularly around products like emerging markets and emerging market debt, so in that the actual revenue net and is significantly higher than what is leaving. Now, in regard to zero, it gets a continuation particularly around their own accounts and their closed book of businesses. And so this is what we have been experience different – sewer Rick, this is what we have been experienced it's consistent, the fees on that is very low debt. So it's not a material revenue drain. Having said that, we don't like any say assets leaving, particularly from a perspective of the size of on our gross basis, but from our revenue perspective, we more than offset by multiples based on the new revenue that we bring in from the new assets that we garner.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: And where does the direct number, just I don't know if you have a rough number as where the assets stand right now?
Jim Cracchiolo: Laura, do you have that – it’s…
Laura Gagnon: I don't have an exact number, Andrew but I know there is – total AUM. And the revenue is obviously substantially lower than that.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Got it. And then just one last question. On the – in Advice & Wealth Management, the $13 billion of assets there in money markets up 53 basis points some spread you sited in the release. Could you give a sense of what you are crediting right now the clients and what kind of yields you are getting on those assets?
Laura Gagnon: Andrew, the assets the brokerage cash is non-balance sheet for Ameriprise. So the fee that we are getting on their well as the spread fee comes through the distribution fee line in the AWM segment.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Right. And could you give us a sense of each side of the spread or?
Jim Cracchiolo: Right now, the spread on the brokerage cash is low because – and we are recovering the fees from that standpoint. But the – and we invested out from a standpoint through some strong balance sheet through various arrangements, which have helped give us the extra 20 some odd basis points in the spread.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Right. But you think at some point, you invested significantly higher yield in short-term money? Is that the upside?
Jim Cracchiolo: Absolutely. As we spoke about it and the short-term yield curve goes up, that will give us substantial benefits and we anticipate that in the latter part of 2010.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Right. Because normally, you are going somewhat north of 100 right?
Jim Cracchiolo: We have gotten to those ranges, actually.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: All right. Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: And much higher.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning, guys. It's Alex Blostein. Question on Columbia, so it looks like, since the beginning, since the time the deal was announced, you guys lost, by my math, maybe $5 billion to $6 billion in outflows. Can you give us a sense – I know you mentioned that's lower-fee assets. Can you give us a sense of what the blended fee rate is on remaining Columbia assets and then in your projections of 25% operating margin by 2012. What did you guys assume for the ending balances for Columbia by the time the detail closes and then the flow outlook going forward?
Jim Cracchiolo: Let me start with the balances. Columbia, as we said, is up about 15% from when we did the deal, a lot driven, of course, by markets. They are at about $189 billion today. They have been in an outflows. I think part of the outflows, for instance, from what we just saw experienced was from some lower margin, an IMA account. One of the bank clients down in Charlotte that didn't want to re-up. So it is not a significant loss from a revenue strain. The other flows on retail have been mainly mixed, some in – some out, mainly in the sub-advice category, again. So we think they have been holding pretty strong through this change. And overall, when we look at what we actually purchased to where they are today, it is actually in a more favorable stance, because of the appreciation of the assets. There has been no material change in, what I would call the revenue streams. Walter?
Walter Berman: Right. As evidenced by the fact when we close on the 5/1, the purchase price will not be adjusted by any material amount and that was, as we told you, was calibrated to a revenue calculation. As Jim has indicated, these were index institutional money which had very low distal [ph] left. So from that standpoint the transaction is performing as we thought.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And now on the fee rate, the blended fee rate, would you say is comparable to RiverSource, about maybe 50% basis points or so?
Jim Cracchiolo: It's comparable to RiverSource, yes.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then, on the Advice and Wealth management business, it seems like the productivity continues to improve, obviously with a reflection of you guys trying to cut down some lower-producing FAs, but also recruiting. Do you guys have any targets in mind, in terms of where you want to be as far as FA productivity, any so like near-term target would be helpful.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, as we look at the advisor productivity, it is recovering from the low points of the market. We are not back to the productivity levels we were at pre-crisis yet. Now, I was looking at, I mean, the asset fees are coming back more quickly because of the market appreciation. Some of the transaction revenue is still down, like on some of these longer-term contracts that we think we are starting to see some increase and in greater activity. We have been gaining clients over the course of the year and that has been adding to our overall client activity, as well. So I would want to see the revenue per advisor continue to increase and probably in the double-digit category, low to mid-double digits, in that sense and really starting to get back to more of a full-fledged activity across their book of business. And I think we are starting to see some of that increase as we come and, of course, what will be important here is continued stability in the markets. So as the markets continue to be less volatile, client activity will come back as clients feel more comfortable to put more dollars to work. So we are seeing dollars go back already into the wrap programs, which are shorter-term type of contracts, meaning that we can always rebalance them more quickly. As they move into longer-term contracts, that money becomes pretty much locked up, even though we can reallocate the balances, people still feel a little like they want access. That is why we still have strong cash balances. But I would continue to focus on the continued rise in revenue per advisor. Now, we have been taking out and losing some of the lower-producing advisors, but the people we are bringing in are much higher in production. And overall, the overall production has gone up tremendously. So, we said 25% per advisor, but it is overall 20% as we look at the total across the house, as well.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then just one last one. On wrap accounts, it seems like the flow has been pretty steady, kind of like in this mid– $2.5 billion, $2.7 billion per quarter. What would you guys say is the main source? Is that existing accounts or converting into your wrap account or is it just new money coming in and what is the sort of source of that?
Walter Berman: It's actually a combination of the three you just mentioned. And so, we have some money coming off the sidelines back into the accounts. We have some new money coming in from new clients, it's also from some of the advisors coming over to the house.
Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Good morning. Maybe you covered this and I am sorry if I missed it in the opening remarks. But could you give us an update on the split of the assets at Columbia. I think you mentioned a total AUM of $189 billion but could you give us a little more detail on the equities versus fixed income versus other accounts?
Jim Cracchiolo: I guess the latest information we have on the AUM, if you look at the equity, it is about $111 billion and the fixed income is about $77 billion. Okay.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. And then a high-level question for you, Jim. As you look at results through the first quarter, transaction activity, maybe coming back a little bit, margins, at least on a core basis, in your Advice and Wealth management and Asset Management segments improved modestly, maybe more than modestly in Advice. As it relates to your 2012 targets, feeling better, the same, worse. Any commentary as it relates to that?
Walter Berman: What I would say after another quarter of business activity is that we continue to feel good about the progress we are making. I think on one end, I continue to feel – if you are asking me am I feeling a bit more positive, the answer would with absolutely yes based on market conditions being more stable and no one is necessarily at the higher level predicting a double dip here. And more stability in the markets gives me more confidence, because we are more of a retail client driven than institutional activity. So, that is all positive. I would also say, I am quite more positive because the Columbia now is about to close. And I think we spent the last three or four months since we spoke last in our financial community meeting, there was a lot of work going on, to do and integrate and the people line up. And all of that has gone really well from our perspective consistent with what we thought would be really good. So the combination of those factors and I think, as you start to see, like the Advice and Wealth has come back a bit. There is a lot of questions around that in the last quarter of whether we will continue to see some improvement and we are seeing some of that improvement, as well. So the answer to your question would be yes, I am feeling a bit more positive. Under our belt of traction that we are see in progress made. There is always a lot of work to get to where we said we would ideally want to get to, but we are continuing to move it along.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Thanks. And then last one for me, just on the tax rate. I just want to understand what tax planning strategies means here. Is this something – it sounds like it is a discreet event or a couple of events that are going to impact the results in the first half of this year and then there afterward, you are back to your former target of 28 to 30. Is there anything here that is sort of mixed shift or is this just the impact of a couple of discrete tax planning items?
Walter Berman: Okay. Well, they certainly are discreet items in there. There is tax plans as it relates to international taxes and other things of that nature. And to your point, I believe that from the standpoint we did have guidance before of 28 to 30. We lowered that to 25 to 27. I believe that is sustainable into 2011.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Good. The 2011 is sustainable at 25 to 27?
Walter Berman: Yes.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Thank you.
Walter Berman: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Suneet Kamath of Sanford Bernstein Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thanks. The first question is on Threadneedle and the $27 million compensation accrual that you booked. I guess it has been a little while since we've had to worry about this. So can you just remind us exactly what this evaluation or appraisal is based on? Is it based on just the absolute earnings that Threadneedle delivers or is it based on sort of market comparables? Any detail there would be helpful.
Walter Berman: Sure. This is Walter. It is based upon DCS. It's based upon market comp. It is based upon independent review from a third party. It has to meet standards with the taxing authorities and FSA. So it is a very comprehensive review that takes place and it is consistent to drive compensation.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: So is the right way to think about this impact, should we be thinking about it really as a 2009 event and as we think about that kind of margin in the first quarter, I know you backed out the entire thing, but is it based on really events and profitability that was generated in 2009 as opposed to this quarter?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think what you see there is an event and it really is an unusual event from the standpoint of the dramatic dislocation that took place and the comeback with the markets and with the comps as you take a look at the asset managers over there. That is what really triggered the substantial and unusual aspect. We always have some, but it never reaches anywhere near that proportion. We also had a situation, because of last year, many people stopped redeeming because of the low market, so that compounded a little. So, it was the down market and then the precipitous coming back. Again, it is creating value that is basically – the good news of it, it is basically three times or more than when we acquired the firm.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Got it. Then just one last question on this topic. If I go back to one of your presentations, I think it was maybe 2005 where you first talked about the equity participation plan. You noted that the expectation back then was that in 2009, the charge was expected to represent about 20% of the pre-EPP profit at Threadneedle. Is that consistent in terms of what actually happened, that 20% number?
Walter Berman: It is based upon market volatility on that – it is based upon market volatility on that and the charge on this, it's based on market, this was an unusual charge.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: So I guess am trying to figure out if that 20% is still consistent with what happened in terms of the 2000 – charge that you booked this quarter?
Walter Berman: I am trying to gauge where you think the 20% – can you help me with that? Can you state what you think I said?
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Well, you showed a slide, I think it was maybe in Simon's presentation, and you showed Threadneedle equity participation plan from 2004 to 2009, obviously ‘06 to ‘09 being estimates, and you showed the EPP charge and the profit after tax, after EPP, that’s one of these bar charts. Then over on the right, it says in 2009, the EPP charge is expected to represent 20% of pre-EPP profit as compared to 35% in 2004. I think, I know – there are two elements to that. I will have to go back and I'll check, but I think the answer is, the EPP targets at two factors. One, it has an approximation of around 10% of the profitability. And then you have a change in evaluation that then drives it. So that is basically what drives the element. Here, obviously in this quarter and this year, because of the change, it took the valuation portion of it way above. Does that answer? I will go back and check the slide I have but that is the way it works.
Jim Cracchiolo: Suneet, what happened was, in 2007, the firm's value continued to appreciate then in 2008 and 2009 they came down significantly based on the market dislocation. At the time, point we evaluate and so this year it bounced up significantly. And so the good news is the firm is worth a lot more today and since they have a piece of it, a small piece, since we took back some of that a year ago, part of that came back, plus the additional upside that has transpired over the market that grew since that point in time. So, this overall is good news. It is an exceptional charge, one that we don't think continued on a normal basis. And if you actually average this out over the length of the time outside of the volatility of it, it actually is a reasonable number.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. I mean, what I was basically getting is, can we use this information to back into Threadneedle's earnings since you don't provide that.
Walter Berman: I want to go back and check the context of that element. Like I said, there is a portion that represents that percentage and then you get the evaluation change. That is why I want to go back and let me get back to you on that.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Eric Berg from Barclays Capital. Pease go ahead.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thank you very much. Good morning, Jim and good morning to everybody on your team. So, I wanted to follow-up on Suneet's question and then I have just two more, so three questions all told. First, I am still struggling to understand why Threadneedle's value, I know you have touched on this but I hope you can build on your previous answers. When thread needle value has doubled in a year. If a event hasn't doubled. How do we think of – shouldn't the value of the company be roughly, that unit, be roughly, that said unit be roughly proportionate to the assets, which at least was not the case in the current valuation?
Jim Cracchiolo: Eric, I think what you would do again, this is a market driven valuation and so, if you go back to January or February of last year, which is one of the low points of the market, I think you can actually see what was happening, particularly whether here in Asset Management businesses or in the U.K. And the values of the firms just dropped significantly, as all the values of all the financial services companies, if you look at the market caps of any financial services companies in the industries. And so, here again, that is where we got – that valuation went down. There was also take back from that from a financial perspective and I think if you look at the values of companies in the UK today and the Asset Management arena, you will find where their valuations are.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Jim Cracchiolo: But the profitability…
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: My next question…
Jim Cracchiolo: … is to come back, assets are up and it is a combination of all those factors that really lended to the value of the earnings.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Okay. That is helpful. That rounds out my understanding. That is helpful. My next question is client activity. You discussed repeatedly in this call, how client activity is beginning to recover. My question, where do you best see this in your reported numbers? Specifically, the wrap is doing well but it had been doing well. Essentially, you had been running at about a $2.5 billion rate for several quarters. The Retail Mutual Fund business in the U.S. has negative flows and of course, you have your institution – well, why don't I just end it there. Seeing the negative flows in retail continue and seeing the stable but strong flows in wrap, I would like to look in your financial supplement or in your other disclosures for numbers that speak directly to this assertion of improving customer activity. Where should I look?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So, Eric, I think there is a combination of things that you could look at. One is the operating revenue per advisor, you can see it has increased nicely and it's consistent where we were at sort of the year-end overall. But that is the first thing that is up significantly from the previous quarters. Second is our overall flows and certain client activities improved. So if you look at the wrap assets, as you mentioned, the numbers up at $100 billion, we've received good inflows over the last few quarters again, et cetera. The other thing that I would probably say is that even though we say it is not fully recovered, there is client activity back. And you could see that money moving from some to have cash balances, some activity picking up. You can see some of the insurance sales increasing. We also have brokerage activity that has increased tremendously on some of the transaction activity. So there is that gradual progression that we see. The issue that we are saying, if you go back to pre-crisis, we had more advisors more fully active against the balance of the full book. So for us, as an example, last year we had strong activity in fixed annuities. Variable was there, but it wasn't as strong and right now variable is a little slower than we usually have and fixed, actually, because we haven't actually put higher rates out to the market because the interest rate environment, is a bit low. So some of that activity that we receive in there is not there. Now, I think variable will start to come back as we get some of the newer product out there and we are starting to see some pick-up right now for some of the enhancement we put out already in April. So I think it is a combination of factors, but you can see steady quarters from the quarters previous.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: The last question relates to the Columbia acquisition. I think you said in September, at the end of September, when you announced the transaction that you expect to save between the two companies combined, call it $140 million, $150 million pre-tax. My question really is in two parts. First, what would that – can you remind us, what would that number be expressed as a percentage of the combined companies' expenses. And finally, what is your take on where the ultimate call savings will end up? Thank you.
Walter Berman: Savings – again, you have to look at – you can't look at total expense because there are certain expenses that don't get directly impacted, but that expense, for the ones that we measure impacted in the 25% to 30% range. And what was the second question?
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Okay. And are you thinking next that you will end up there or not as stronger number or better than expected number? What is your current sense of where the ultimate cost savings will end up?
Walter Berman: Current sense is both on gross synergies and also on the net – negative synergies that we will wind up at target, we are totally tracking right now. So we are feeling certainly that we will be able to achieve the numbers we spoke about.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thank you, sir.
Walter Berman: You're welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) the next question is from Sam Hoffman from Lincoln Square Capital. Please go ahead.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Hi, I just wanted to follow-up on some to the questions already been asked and just talk just about, are you effectively reiterating your guidance for $0.46 of accretion to EPS and – this year from Columbia? In 2011?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think we were totally on track from Columbia. Obviously, from the standpoint – it is a month later than we anticipated the closing. So we will have to take tall factors associated with that but right now you should assume there is no change until we have a complete review. Because like I said, the synergies are on target, and the one-time comps are on target, and we are certainly – the market is increased the AUM, but we have closed later and then we have to (inaudible). To stay on point, I would say with no change.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay. Then also in terms of the outflows, the $6 billion year-to-date, roughly and then also the outflows that took place at Ameriprise this quarter. Are you saying the outflows that are to be had will be completely had before closing? So therefore, after closing, the flows should be at whatever run rate they are at organically?
Laura Gagnon: Can I ask a clarifying question? You said $6 billion year-to-date?
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: From Columbia. We just estimated that as a prior caller had estimated.
Walter Berman: That is not correct. That is not correct.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay. What would the – go ahead.
Jim Cracchiolo: The outflows are roughly in the $3 billion range and $2.9 of that billion is from this IMA account that I mentioned. This indexed account that is a very low fee. And so, I think the total outflows that they provided us was about $3.5 billion, so $2.9 billion is that one account I mentioned to you.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay. So would you say that post the closing of the acquisition, that all unusual outflows will cease and that we will be able to basically see the run rate business in terms of whatever organic growth rate it is at, at that time?
Walter Berman: I think – it's Walter, there is a natural shake out. We assumed actually higher in our net negative synergy. So right now we are in a situation but feeling good about it, but we have to work through once we close, but we don't see any issues over the horizon at this stage.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay. And my other question was on the Variable Annuity benefits line. I guess, how should we think about the $24 million hit? I understand it was partially offset by DAC but then we can't see that because it is mitigated by other accelerations of DAC. Is the $24 million hit on the Variable Annuities benefits line, is that something that should continue going forward or is it a one-time?
Walter Berman: There is an element in there. As we talked about the $157 million, obviously as it affected the liabilities which we don't necessarily control from that standpoint, as the valuation fee. Element on basis, as we talked about, is the program we are launching. We believe we will be able to manage that more effectively. Even though it is managed effectively, it will be an improvement. And so as we work through it, that asset should improve and certainly it helped – that was what helped drive on the DAC on the offset where we didn't get the benefit from – the gains actually offset the DAC amortization. So yes, normally we would not be taking gains of that magnitude and not have the impact on the amortization but the big element is here $157 million and we believe we will then get to the – improve the basis management as we element the enhanced Portfolio Navigator this quarter.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay. Then, Jim, when do you see activity rates normalizing based on what you are seeing in the marketplace today?
Jim Cracchiolo: I wish I could tell you. I think everybody feeling a bit better, but I don't think the environment with the unemployment picture and the noise coming out of Washington gives people a lot of comfort every day. So I think it will just be a continuing gradual. This has been a big dislocation. It's actually – the markets have come back, I think, a bit quicker than people had expected and I think the consumer will always take a bit longer. We started, as we said originally, it takes at least six months after dislocation. This was a more severe one. We started to see activity come back six months later, which was in the fourth quarter and things are gradually picking up again as people are starting to venture back in. So things have come back. People are putting money to work, but having said that, I don't think that if you speak to people that you know, people are feeling go-go about the markets or putting all of their money at risk again or locking it down. So I think that's going to take a bit longer. But things are improving. I think the climate is feeling a lot better, but my personal opinion is I don't think we are back to everyone feeling very comfortable.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Thank you.
Operator: The last question is from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Good morning, sorry for the bad connection. I just want to follow-up on the asset retention question. You talked about the $3 billion of outflows from Columbia. Walter, can you talk about what were your negative synergy assumptions in the deal and is it fair to assume that we are through the biggest institutional outflows you expect or from a timing standpoint, can we still expect to see some fall-off there? That is my first question. The second question is, post the close of this deal are there going to be any incentives in the place for the Bank America distribution that originated these asset to keep the Columbia funds in place? What I am getting at is, I know the earn-out goes away on net flows post the close of the deal. So is there risk here that we see some fall-off in retention for that asset pool on the Columbia side from a retail standpoint? I know you addressed the institutional side.
Walter Berman: First of all, I think one of the things we actually outlined when we announced the deal was a long-term agreement in place with Bank America and the various channels, particularly around the U.S. trust channel. And the people are in place, both us and Bank America wants – we worked hard to maintain, including the people, the right relationships and the right economic arrangements between us and Bank America. So, we still feel, as we felt at the time of the deal, pretty good about that as being an ongoing strong relationship. If anything that’s continuing to pan out as such. So I can't give you any change to what we originally said. I actually think that is one to have good things about the deal.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And the timeline on the first part of question, the negative synergies, we couched in terms of P&L impact and certainly dealt with the combining of the funds and fees and also watch those account. And we have not achieved – we are in a good position relative to the amount we put up. It certainly has materialized on low levels so far.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: I guess just one follow-up, Walter. So is it fair to say, though, that based on the conversations you have had with the Columbia folks, that you think the pig is through the python or is there still more fallout to come? I just want to know cosmetically, should we expect to see outflows maybe for the next couple of quarters on the Columbia side?
Walter Berman: We have been working very closely, monitoring it. Right now, as I said, we feel that it is moving according to plan and there is nothing we know about that will give us concern at this stage that there is something that is coming our way that was unexpected. We told you when we did the transaction that we were assuming $20 million to $40 million in net negative EPI impact associated with the negative synergies and it certainly has not materialized that.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, Tom, I think one of the things we did say is that, first of all this is pre-close, right? We are talking about what has occurred at Columbia. And of course, we said that whatever it is pre-close will be in the price, adjusted one way or the another in net inflows or outflows. What Walter is talking about with you is the net negative potential expense savings as well as the synergies on the revenue side, which we factored in post-close. So that if assets were to leave us, we had estimated a number for that. So, as an example, we lost $600 million in the first quarter from RiverSource, that is part of what we estimated for RiverSource as we went forward. For Columbia, the amounts that we have included in this synergy hasn't occurred yet, because we didn't close the transaction. So we do have a plan in case in case that happens as part of our plan in numbers. But having said that, we are planning that there may be some further dislocation that occurs, and we have factored that into our analysis up front. Now, maybe that will not occur and we are hoping it doesn't or it can occur over the next number of quarters as we had originally planned. We don't see any reason why it should be greater than what we had planned at this point in time. So that is as best I can tell you at this point.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: That is clear, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Jim Cracchiolo: Great. First of all, we appreciate you taking the time this morning. Laura will be available for any further question that is you may have. Let me just close by saying, as we continue to look at what we are doing and how we are doing it and continue to monitor the environment, we are feeling that we are making good progress here. There is a lot of work to continue to do and we will continue to do that work. We will continue to be diligent around insuring that we can continue to drive growth here and improve profitability and return to shareholders, which we will be diligently working on. But I would say we are making progress, we do feel good about where the company is positioned, what we have in place, how we are executing against that. And, so, we will continue to report to you as things unfold. But, we think we had a good first quarter and a good start to the year and we are seeing good things coming about. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Laura Gagnon – IR James M. Cracchiolo – Chairman and CEO Walter S. Berman – Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Andrew Kligerman – UBS Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein Eric Berg – Barclays Capital Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities John Hall - Wells Fargo Jason Walus (ph) - Sterne Agee Colin Devine – Citigroup Eric Berg - Barclays Capital 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial 2009 fourth quarter earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial fourth quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks we will take your questions.  During the call you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operation. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today’s material, available on our website.  Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward looking statements, reflecting management’s expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward looking statements speak only as of today’s date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward looking statements can be found in today’s earnings release, our 2008 annual report to shareholders and our 2008 10K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward looking statements.  With that I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings discussion. Today Walter and I will give you some insight into our performance for the quarter. We’ll provide an update on our acquisitions. And I’ll give you some thoughts on our positioning for 2010.  We generated solid results in the quarter and for the year. Now that market conditions have been stable and improving for three quarters our metrics are rebounding from their low points and we’re beginning to regain the earnings power of our diversified model. As we begin to derive benefits from our acquisitions in other investments and with the continuing support of our strong balance sheet and expense control, I believe we’re in a good position for 2010 and beyond.  Clearly the nation still faces economic concerns. But we feel good about our ability to execute our agenda. We have emerged from 2009 stronger and with many opportunities ahead. As our fourth quarter business results demonstrate, we’re driving positive trends across our segments. Our clients are continuing to gain confidence as they emerge from the long lasting paralysis brought on by the financial crisis.  During the quarter we drove improved client growth. Our advisor productivity increased nicely. And our asset flows were strong across product lines. As a result of the good flows and rising markets, our asset levels increased significantly. In fact, our total own managed and administered assets increased to $458 billion, a 23% increase over a year ago. Just as important, our client and advisor retention continues to hold at very high levels. And the long lasting client relationships that defines our franchise remains strong. We’re also making good progress on our recent acquisitions. The Seligman and H&R Block financial advisors integrations are essentially complete. And each is giving us additional leverage. Seligman drove strong growth in our hedge fund business in 2009. And our employee advisor channel is now operating on a more efficient and productive model as a result of the H&R Block financial advisor acquisition. During the fourth quarter we accomplished the last major phase of the H&R Block integration with a successful merging of our technology platforms. We also continue to feel good about our Columbia Management acquisition. And I’ll give you an update on that shortly. Our strong financial foundation and prudent operating principles continue to serve us well. The balance sheet remains in excellent condition and we remain in a net unrealized gain position. We’re also maintaining our capital flexibility, with over $2 billion in excess capital, including the capital we raised to pre-fund the Columbia acquisition. And a strong liquidity pool of $1.8 billion in free cash. In addition, we remain focused on expense control and reengineering. We accelerated our reengineering agenda in 2009 to offset the effects of weak operating conditions. And we achieved over $400 million in full year savings. With about 2/3 of those saving going to the bottom line. Walter will give you some detail on our fourth quarter expenses shortly. But I want to emphasize that we fully intend to maintain this long term expense discipline even as conditions continue to improve.  So overall, I feel quite good about earning trends. And I’m pleased with both our positioning and the opportunities we’ve created. Now, I would like to provide some insight into our segment performance. First in advice and world management we reported pretax income of $18 million. And our core earnings in the segment were $35 million. Retail client assets increased 22% over a year ago, which reflects both higher markets and incremental increases in client flows. The positive trends in client activity are meeting our expectations. We knew from past downturns that retail clients would return to investing slowly and we expected the upswing to take longer this time around because of the depth and severity of the crisis. So while client activity is improving it remains below pre crisis levels. At the same time we’re still earning very small spreads on our cash as a result of the near zero short term interest rates. And these two factors have compressed our margins in the segment. If conditions remain stable we expect the slow improvement in client trends to continue. As that occurs and if interest rates begin to rise, we’ll have the opportunity to drive higher margins. We also believe that our new advertising campaign, which launched two weeks ago, will help us reach more of our target market. The campaign is built around real Ameriprise advisors. And the tag, more within reach, which brings to life the values of our close advisor client relationships. It’s a broad campaign that you will see on TV, in print and online. And we hope to expand on its multimedia possibilities going forward. Our advisors are enthusiastic about the new exposure from the brand, which they view as an important element of support we provide to help them grow their practices.  We’ve always been focused on advisor support. And over the past two years, in particular, we made great strides in the tools technology marketing and other support we provide, including the new brokerage platform we began rolling out in the fourth quarter.  As a result, that remains satisfied and engaged. And our advisory attention rate remains very high. At the same time, advisor productivity has begun to rebound with net revenue per advisor increasing 7% compared to the sequential quarter. And with a solid increased in financial planned sales in the fourth quarter. The increase in productivity is also evident in our wrap net business where we had net inflows of $2.6 billion dollars. Total wrap assets were $95 billion at year end, a 30% increase over a year ago. Our support per advisor is one of the reasons we’ve had success in ramping up our experienced advisor recruiting efforts. For all of (break in audio) with 500 experienced advisors. And while we slowed the pipeline in the fourth quarter as we completed the block integration and roll out the new brokerage platform, we still see good opportunity to bring in experienced people. You’ll notice that our total advisor count decreased during the quarter. That’s a result of our continued force on productivity and the reengineering of our employee advisor group. We’ve been removing less productive advisors from our system and bringing in established and more productive advisors, a strategy that should generate stronger economics over time. In the asset management segment, we generate a significant improvement in profitability, with pretax income of $70 million or $77 million excluding integration costs. The stronger earnings were driven by net inflows, market appreciation and hedge fund performance piece. We drove total inflows of $1.4 billion for the quarter and $3.6 billion for the year. Which represents a dramatic turn around a significant out flows during 2008.  The inflows in the fourth quarter came from both the US and our international business. And from strong institutional net inflows.  Internationally, (inaudible) built on the strength of the third quarter and delivered solid results highlighted by strong sales and net inflows. In terms of investment performance, domestic performance continued as positive trend in the quarter with 72% of equity funds and 80% of fixed income funds above their peer mediums on asset weighted basis for the year. At (inaudible), while one year performance was down, 90% of equity funds were above a median for the three year performance. We firmly believe the Columbian management acquisition we announced in September will be an excellent addition to our asset management business. And we remain on track to close in the spring. The assets we will acquire end of the year at $186 billion. A 13% increase since we announced the deal. Our planning for integration is proceeding according to the schedule and expectations with most personnel decisions made and communicated. We remain confident that we will be able to execute the transaction and deliver on our financial projections for the deal. The annuities segment reported pretax income for the quarter of $157 million. And I continue to feel good about both the results and direction of that business. Invariable annuities asset balances increased to $55 billion, a 27% increase over a year ago, and a $5 sequential increase. Net flows remain positive despite slower sales, as clients continue to be reluctant to enter long dated contracts. In fixed annuities our balances were up 20% compared with a year ago. But flat compared with the third quarter. Following several months of very strong fixed annuity sales through the middle of the last year we lowered our rates in response to the changing spread environment.  While we have slowed the faucet on our fixed annuity sales, higher balances in the book are continuing to generate solid returns. The protection segment generated pretax income of $129 for the quarter. Life insurance in force remained at $193 billion, which is flat compared with last year. Sales were weak for most of the year. But during the fourth quarter we saw early signs of improvement in variable universal life sales as well as continued strong sales in UL. The overall book of insurance business remains very solid and it continues to generate strong returns.  I should point out, an ongoing strength in Auto & Home. This business continued its steady growth with another 9% year over year increase in policy count. And it continues to deliver solid margins.  In total, as I look across our businesses, I am seeing improvements in our key metrics with client activity, advisor productivity, and asset flows all pointing in the right direction. To wrap up, as I think about the very volatile period that began in 2008, I feel good about where we stand today. It’s been a tough time but we’re emerging a stronger firm. And rather than having to fix problems we are focusing on realizing the opportunities we’ve created. I believe we’re positioned well for 2010. We have solid and improving business fundamentals. A promising opportunity ahead through our Columbia acquisition. A strong balance sheet, including appropriate excess capital and liquidity. And an ongoing commitment to prudent expense management.  While we obviously don’t know where the markets and the economy will head this year, especially considering the weak January, I feel comfortable in our ability to navigate the conditions. Now I’ll turn it over to Walter. And later we’ll take your questions.
Walter S. Berman: Thanks, Jim. We post the slides on our website again this quarter. And they’ll be updated with my talking points after the call. Please turn to Slide 3. As Jim mentioned, we’re pleased with the fundamental strength of our business and our improved financial performance. Let me take you through the highlights. Fourth quarter 2009 reported earnings per diluted share were $0.90, compared to a net loss last year. And core operating earnings were $0.91 in the quarter.  We generated double digit net revenue growth driven by strong fee and spread based businesses. G&A expenses remained well controlled. We made our fourth quarter and full year expense targets and remain committed to effective expense management. And our balance sheet remains strong.  Let me talk you through each of these points in more detail. Please turn to Slide 4. Net income in the fourth quarter of 2009 was $237 million, compared to a loss a year ago. Earnings per diluted share in the quarter were $0.90, compared to a loss of $1.69 last year.  I should note that the current year’s quarter EPS calculation included $36 million shares reissued to pre fund the Columbia acquisition. We will not capture the earnings from the acquisition until we close. So for year over year comparison we are showing you the adjusted EPS, excluding the shares issued for the acquisition, of $1.04. As for core results, we established the core earnings concept to help segregate the impact of the market dislocations from the underlining business trends. And recently to provide transparency in year over year comparisons.  In 2010, we will transition to focus on reported earnings, excluding integration course, primarily for the Columbia acquisition. That said, we will continue to provide the same level of transparency in factors impacting earnings.  In summary, earnings growth was solid. The strong revenue growth driven by the business trends, federal market comparisons and expense controls. On Slide 5, we show revenue growth trends. Year over year net revenue excluding realizing gains and losses increased 29%. Management and financial advise fees grew 41%, with about a third of the growth coming from market. The remainder was driven by business growth, positive flows in asset management and wrap accounts, and strong hedge fund performance.  Distribution fees grew 17%. While a portion of these fees are asset based and impacted by the market, the portion related to client activity is still below pre crisis levels. Net investment income, excluding realized gains and losses, was up 37%, driven by higher fixed annuity balances due to the strong fixed annuity flows in the first half of the year. As well as benefits from repositioning our portfolio and cash during 2009. Net investment income growth does not reflect equity driven returns and hedge funds or alternative investments, but rather based revenues generated from the barn portfolio. Please turn to Slide 6. Our improving revenue picture also reflects our growth in assets. Owned, managed and administered assets were $458 billion at year end, up 23% or $86 billion year over year. Owned assets grew $5 billion or 16% primarily due to the market’s impact on non prop separate account assets, as well as business growth.  Managed assets in both wrap accounts and the asset management segment grew 23% or $61 billion. Market appreciation drove a substantial portion of the increase. With $13 driven from net flows in 2009. This is a substantial improvement from the $23 billion in net outflows in 2008.  In administered assets, primarily brokerage accounts, grew 26% or $20 billion driven by both markets and retail inflows. Let’s turn to the next slide. In spite of slower overall client activity, average per advisor productivity has seen a steady increase over the past several quarters. And is up 18% in the current quarter. This is primarily driven by market appreciation and improving some client activity. And the actions we’ve taken to improve our advisor productivity. As a result of these actions, our overall advisor count is down 4% from a year ago, consistent with our efforts to reengineer our employee-advisor platform. Advisors must meet productivity requirements and the vast majority of departing advisors had less than $50,000 in annual production. However, we’ve also seen solid growth in experience advisor recruiting. As we’ve stated, more than 500 experienced advisors joined the firm last year. In fact, productivity of the new advisors is over four times the departing advisors, which is contributing to our productivity growth. Let’s turn to page 8. I want to spend a few minutes on our general and administrative expense line. It is important that you understand the various movements to get a picture of the underlying trends. Core G&A, which excludes market and integration impacts increased $129 million year over year. However, on a fully normalized basis, G&A is down approximately 6% for the quarter and 10% for the full year. I want to provide insight into the items we take out to get normalized trends. You saw that book strong hedge fund earnings in the fourth quarter of 2009. Which also includes the related compensation. In addition, the year over year increase in G&A is distorted by the decrease in performance based compensation in the fourth quarter of 2008 when our overall firm wide performance suffered due to the market. In 2009, we had the reverse impact due to the strong year end performance. Both of these items are timing issues and are not expected to carry into the first quarter. We also had accelerated business investments, systems and marketing and other expenses included a legal settlement. Normalized for these impacts we achieved our expectations of the fourth quarter 6%-8% decline in G&A expenses, as well as full year 10% decline. This brings us to our balance sheet discussion on Slide 9. We continue to maintain strong balance sheet fundamentals. Our excess capital position was over $2 billion. Where over $1 billion when factoring in the capital for the Columbia acquisition. RiverSource Life ended 2009 with an estimated RBC ratio of more than 400%.  Our investment portfolio remains well diversified and high quality. We reported a $700 million unrealized gain at year end.  Our capital ratios are strong. Our debt to capital ratio is 19.5% or 14.5% when excluding non recourse debt and the credit for the hybrids. We continue to maintain a prudent liquidity position. We ended the year with $1.8 billion in free cash and over $900 million in cash at the holding company. In addition, we expect to take a material dividend from the Life company in the first quarter. And financial, our variable annuity hedging continues to performance well.  In closing, we had a solid quarter. Our business metrics are headed in the right direction and our foundation remains strong. Our markets continue to evolve, we will monitor them closely to make sure we are managing prudently within the context of the environment. We are well positioned and focused on execution.  With that, I’ll turn it back to the operator so we can answer your questions. Operator
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator’s instructions) The first question comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Couple of quick ones. First, the net realized gain after tax, $12 million. (Inaudible) Walter on, maybe some of the big gains or maybe some of the big losses or impairments that were behind that $12 million.
Walter S. Berman: Sure, Andy. Obviously a lot of the gains were generated by tenders and basically (inaudible). There was a gain that we had on an investment we had in the PNC company, was $12 million that came. But basically that was the only surprise that we had. The impairment side of it was around $7 million. And the actual realized loss is around $20. And then we strengthen reserves around $5.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: And nothing too big there.
Walter S. Berman: No.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Walter, you mentioned that you might be taking a material dividend up from the Life company, a moment ago. Could you quantify that? And then sitting on a billion plus of excess capital right now, you see deals or how soon could you possibly get to a buy back?
Walter S. Berman: On the first part of the question, as you know when we look at excess we try and get that excess up to the parent. Where we believe it’s the most effective utilization point for it. We do have capacity, obviously the actuaries are finishing their work and everything they have to complete. But there clearly is a reasonable capacity that will allow us to potentially declare a dividend in the first quarter. And certainly when we have that sort of capacity that will probably the action we will take. As far as your second part –
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, Andrew. As far as the second part of the question, we do feel like we’re in a very good position and we have flexibility. Our primary focus is really closing the Columbia deal and getting that integrated. As we get through that and we see how the economic cycle market hold over the first part of the year we’ll have the flexibility to think about, (inaudible) buy backs as well as – if there are smaller things that make sense from a strategic opportunity for acquisition we can start to explore that as well. But we will be looking to see how we will use our capital moving forward if the market continues to be stable.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: So you wouldn’t be inclined to necessarily sit on capital in excess of a billion dollars, say when we get to the end of the year you could indeed buy back if there weren’t deals?
Walter S. Berman: Yes. And again, it depends on if we’re continuing to be in stable markets verses – that there’s any other down turn. But if that holds, yes, we would have flexibility and we’d be looking to do some things.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Got it. Then just real quickly on the property causality business. Buying ratio kind of jumped up a little bit to $99.3 from $96.6, any concerns there? Are you feeling good going forward? What’s the outlook?
James M. Cracchiolo: No real concerns. I think the drop part was really attributed to weather and nothing more than that. It was really in line just a blip there on the weather situation. But no concerns.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks and good morning. I’d like to drill down into the advise and wealth business a little bit if we could. If I look at the pretax earnings in that business and I take out the certificates and the banking piece, just focusing on the wealth distribution, it was sort of minus $9 million. I think if you put back the integration costs, maybe around $5-$6 million. If I go back to 2007, that number was closer to, I think, $70 for the quarter. I think, Jim, you talked about some of the drivers in your prepared remarks, but I was hoping you could go into a little bit more detail. Maybe just put some details behind those drivers in terms of what really has to happen to get you back from say where you are, $5 million to something closer to that, that $70 or whatever you think is sort of a normalized quarterly earnings run rate would be.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. I’ll talk about some of the business aspects and Walter can comment a little bit on the numbers. First of all, I think as I said, we’re seeing very good trends in the AWM business, from an advisory perspective productivity. But one of the things that is hard to glean from the absolute numbers is we’ve gone through a pretty major transformation last year. I mean, we’ve moved from more of a novice employee network to an experienced. Both the integration of blockwood (ph) over 900 advisors, plus 500 experience recruits. Now, during that cycle we’ve also had to change out from being in the novice business and all the costs around that and the real estate and how we’ve do that to recruitment of experienced people. We also had to deal with the integration of the block, and a very down market.  And so though revenues disappeared the last year, the expenses were still there in carrying two systems. The fourth quarter, those two systems came together. We closed about 44 offices. We integrated the technology onto a brand new platform. We made change in a lot of the leadership and the organization there, in combining and putting a number of people laid off, in that regard. So I think we’ve come through that in a good way. We also had the hiring cost of bringing in those experienced people that hit last year.  So all those things are in bedded in our AWM P&L. In what I would call a reduced market. I mean, some of those fees started to come back in the fourth quarter. But we also had a lot of bed integration hitting as well in the fourth quarter. And carrying the two operating environment. So we’re through that now. And we’re coming out of that as we go into the first quarter. But I’ll have Walter talk a little more about the numbers.
Walter S. Berman: The only thing I would add to that is really, as I indicated, we looked at our G&A expense, a reasonable portion of that certainly is relates to the catch up and then basically the reduction last year. But more the catch up in 2009 took place in the AWM segment. We do have investments. We’re putting in a new platform. And that started up in the fourth quarter. And certainly advertising from that standpoint. But the big element as Jim said, is going to focus on the spread, the transactional side of it. And getting the expense benefits that we started to realize as we did the integration in the third quarter. And obviously, if we get the improvement and transaction elements as we potentially see that will start taking us towards the objectives that we out right (ph).
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Just one quick follow up if I could. I think Walter, you had mentioned that the incoming experienced advisory productivity is four times greater than the folks that have left the company. Can you just talk about what the contribution to the bottom line is? I’m guessing you’re not going to get specific. But are the experienced advisors that you brought on covering the initial payouts that you have to make to them in contributing the bottom line. Or are they just still sort of not contributing the bottom line but they will once those initial payouts kind of roll off?
Walter S. Berman: Yeah. I think if you look at it from the standpoint, obviously, the payouts get advertised over a point. But what happens when you bring them on board, obviously you’re picking up expenses associated. The paybacks on these advisors as we indicated are in the two year, three year ranges so they’re a lot better than most. But obviously, we brought on a lot in 2009. So I would say that there are still not providing a payback in that year, in 2009. But they certainly are on target to meet our objects set of the two to three years.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah. I think the key there is anyone coming on board they have to transfer their book and get settled and then they start their productivity. And their productivity in the first year is always much lower. And so they ramp up again. And so we’ll start to see more of that productivity hit in 2010 as they try to – came in. But also the markets are pretty weak too. So they’re not as active, similar to our advisors initially.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Berg from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thanks very much and good morning Jim, Walter and to your team. My first question regards some differential issues. You talk about free cash. Can you remind us exactly what you mean by free cash? And how, if at all, that term differs – that amount differs from excess capital?
James M. Cracchiolo: The free cash is the cash we keep from our standpoint for liquidity purposes that we have the ability to utilize in situations. And we are investing that at short, short situations. So if you look at the fourth quarter we’re earning in the area around 15 basis points. It’s available for any quarter prices or any sort of situation that we need on a stress situation. Obviously the excess capital element – all excess capital isn’t necessarily totally as liquid. It certainly has characteristics of it. And certainly from that standpoint you can achieve excess liquidity without having capital. So from that standpoint, there is a distinction. And the excess capital to us is driven what our required is and what our available is.  And there is an element of cross over. But certainly it isn’t dollar for dollar as you look at it. But the key thing is as we’ve always said, you need liquidity to be strong. You need the excess to be strong. But the first line of spending is on our liquidity.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thank you. I have two more quick ones. First, in thinking about expenses, I’m looking at your Slide 8, why would you adjust out our remove from the calculation the increase in hedge fund performance compensation. After all, that was a real expense to the company, to the shareholders. It’s going to recur if you have strong hedge fund performance again. So why would somehow be an adjustment?
Walter S. Berman: Let me characterize what we’re trying to explain. We’re trying to explain, we said that on normalized basis we would look at expenses, and we’re managing those expense. So what we’re saying, yes, we generated a profit for the hedge fund. Last year it was much lower. So we’re trying to explain the changes that have taken place between the ’08 and the ’09. We’re factoring – and obviously in 2010 well hopefully whatever expense we incur relating to that our profit will be factored in our run rates.  The same thing if you take a look at the elements on the performance. Last year we were in a situation where as we entered into our fourth quarter of last year, we had ecru sudden anticipated a higher pay out due to the dislocation that took place, we reversed those. And that created, certainly, the appropriate action. But reduced the expense for a normalized element. This year, we entered this quarter and we had a catch up because we continued to improve. So we’re just explaining the deters between it. We’re not saying that it’s not part of our expense base. (Inaudible) between last year and this year.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: That’s a helpful addition. And then my final question relates to productivity. I would think productivity would be a function of just what it sounds like, how many contracts, how many annuities, how many life insurance policies, how many reads, how many securities people are selling. You mentioned rising markets as driving productivity. Why do rising markets affect that productivity number? That’s it. Thank you.
James M. Cracchiolo: Because it’s based on our wrap we earn higher C on the market and that drives it. That’s the one element of it.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thank you. I’m all set.
James M. Cracchiolo: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Good morning. First just one follow up on the advice in wealth management. If you’re paying two to three year payouts our guarantees for the experienced advisors, help us think about how that’s going to effect the future margins? Does that tell us that if you’re hiring a considerable amount of them, is that likely to mean margins remain flat to down in a flat market? Or would you still expect to see a margin lift, all else equal in that segment if we had a flat type market over the next couple of years here? That’s my first question.
Walter S. Berman: Let me try and make sure there’s no misunderstanding. What I thought I said was that we have a targeted two to three year payback. Okay. When we basically provide a trans comp. The trans comp is a summer front trans com which gets advertised over a period. The rest of their compensation is based upon either production on bringing over assets or productions of bringing over GDC. So obviously if – 
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: So, Walter, if I can cut you off for a second. So it’s not a two to three year guarantee, it’s a two to three year payback when they’ll become profitable?
Walter S. Berman: That was my answer to that question. Because they were asking me about the drag on the margin. 
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Sorry. Okay. Go ahead.
Walter S. Berman: No, that was it. I was just answering that part of the question.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. So if we think about that as kind of the starting point, maybe you can frame a little bit how much of that, when we think about how much of a drag that actually is, and the volume of producers you’re actually hiring where there is that payback that we’re looking at. Is it a fairly small number relative to the total base which means you can get margins lifting or getting better even at a flat market? Or there enough of those new types of hires that in a flat market you would see a continual drag on that business?
James M. Cracchiolo: So, what really occurs is, you do pay some trans comp up front and the rest is paid based on them having their assets and their production over time. That trans comp up front part of it is expense, part of it is amortized over a number of years that the contract’s for. Which goes out more than three year, so five to seven years. So in that regard, when those people on board and they actually get productive again then it will add to our margin because they will be covering our overhead that’s in those offices already that that overhead in the past was covering their lower producers that will now be covering much higher producing advisors. And so, overall economically for us it will add to our margin over the next number of years. It’s not after the three years that it will just kick in.  But as I said, there’s always a ramp up time. They don’t come in and automatically day one produce like they were producing from when they left. And in addition to that, the comment was really around, this is a market bed even our current advisors as we know are slowly ramping up again. It’s not as though everyone’s fully productive to where they were prior to the cycle.  So it’s a combination of those factors. But this will give us much better economics over time then when we had a few thousand novices in our system. And it will add to our margins and absorb more of our fixed overhead.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: And so, Jim, if you look at the difference in the old strategy versus the new strategy, I presume there’s a much quicker payback, breakeven, profitability time frame if you look at the employee advisors versus the experience. Is there any way to frame that, how that differs?
James M. Cracchiolo: It is significantly better. As Walter said, the payback here is probably two to three years. The other one was probably more five to seven years.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. That’s helpful. And then my other question is just, I recall, I think it was within the last year or so you used to talk about how the very high RBC, you were maintaining in the insurance operations, which at the time I think was north of 500, was a bit distorted in that because of your veritable annuity business your target RBC, I thought, needed to be north of 400. If I remember that correctly. But now you’re saying you’re going to take a big dividend out so that seems to have changed. Can you just elaborate exactly what’s going on? What in fact is your target RBC to maintain your current ratings? Thanks.
Walter S. Berman: We are not changing our approach on RBC and certainly any potential dividend or (inaudible) due to that dividend we’ll take that into consideration. So you should assume that if a dividend did come out, we will still be in an RBC ratio that would be consistent with the 350-400 ranges.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: And Walter, am I correct that, is it correct though that you used to talk about maintaining a 400 plus RBC because it was some conversion to the rating agency standards that would require you to hold that level of RBC or is that not accurate?
Walter S. Berman : No, no, you’re correct. It was RBC was the fact and then we looked at constraints where it was coming from different agencies which took it to a higher factor where they were assigning capital elements associated facets and things like that. And obviously that is still the case. But it’s changed because the components within those calculations change but we still look at the ultimate constraining factor relating to (inaudible) and RBCs and any dividend that we would ever do was certainly be in discussion with regulators and with the radiants.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Hall from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Great. John Hall here. I was wondering if you could offer a little bit of commentary around the assets that Columbia? You mentioned that they (break in audio) for some (inaudible) discussion over the quarter and whether the transaction is impacting fund flows one way or another, either at Columbia or on the RiverSource?
James M. Cracchiolo: Overall, Columbia is experienced appreciation in the assets over the last two quarters from when we did the deal. And they’ve been, I think, relatively – we don’t have all their numbers in yet. But I think they’ve been relatively flat on their flows overall. We don’t see any material outflows driven by the transaction in that regard. I think the people have settled in. I think we’ve gone out to all institutions and they actually feel pretty good about where we are. And I think Columbia is back to work again now of getting their people focused on driving their business again.  We’ve gone through a lot of the deaccessioning and the alignment between RiverSource and Columbia. In addition as you saw with RiverSource, our institutional flows have picked up again. And so we actually don’t see any material change from the last quarter in regard to Columbia. I think things are actually more settling in today. And we feel pretty good about the asset base that we’re going to be buying here. And hopefully in the first quarter as we complete this, we’ll be up to putting them together in a very rapid way.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Any color on the RiverSource retail funds which after being positive last quarter when negative this one?
James M. Cracchiolo: Really, in the third quarter we based on certain of our accounts, wrap accounts, etcetera, there was some recycling and some pick up in some of the reallocations to some of those funds. And I think that’s all you saw the difference between the third and the fourth quarter. From that, we’re starting to see strengthening in our sales flows. The performance overall of the funds haven’t continued to improve. So we feel positively about where we’re positioned in 2010 versus where we were going into 2009, based on the pickup and performance, and the focus back now that the deal is done.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Great. And on the advertising front, you emphasized a new campaign that’s underway. I was wondering if you could contrast the cost this year from an advertising standpoint versus last year. Is that a big delta?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, last year as you know we stopped our advertising after the first part of the year, first quarter of last year when we did some of the advertising. So we were pretty dark through the rest of the year. In the fourth quarter of this year we started to pick up to get our campaign launched and some the expense was in the fourth quarter. And we’re now lights on as we go into 2010. So there will be a pick up in the advertising differential year to year. But we’ve also made some other adjustments in some of our marketing and some of the reengineering last year. So we think that it will be incremental cost of cost because we weren’t as advertising last year. But it’s something that is factored into our plans and that we feel we can cover based on the environment and the improvements that we’re seeing.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Great. And then finically on the experienced advisors, 500 came in the doors last year. Is there a number that you’re targeting for this year?
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, what we (inaudible) benefit last year of major dislocation that occurred in the first part of the year with a number of firms. And then we had to actually slow our pipe because of the integration that we had to. Because many of those advisors were joining our employee channel.  This year as we’re actually installing the system and rolling that out, we’ll actually have the ability to start to recruit again, in the employee channel. And we have now set that up throughout our system, so versus in pockets where we were last year. And then second, is we’ll also be recruiting into our franchise E channel in a more appropriate pace as well as we introduce our Thompson platform in that system.  And so, I think it’ll take time for us to ramp it back up. But we still see that we should be able to do pretty well over the course of the year, as we focus our attention both for the employee and the franchise E side.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Well, I mean, match last year or exceed?
James M. Cracchiolo: We’re not giving out targets. But I would just say that they recruitment will be an important part of our continued focus as we move forward to this year versus employee novices.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator’s instruction). The next question comes from Jason Walus from Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Jason Walus (ph) - Sterne Agee: Thanks. I’m on for John Nadel. Our question is around the expected tax rate move to 28%-30% in 2010. Is it fair to assume that the marginal tax rate on each incremental dollar of earnings is roughly 35%? And if so, can you give us approximate with the incremental amount of pretax earnings necessary to bump the tax rate by one percentage point from the 2009 levels? Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo: I’ll go for the first part of it. The 35% of is right. As far as – I’m not forecasting where we’re going for 2010.
Jason Walus - Sterne Agee: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Hi, thanks. Just a separate question also related to taxes. Just wondering if you thought though or can quantify the benefits that you’re getting from the DRD. And in your 10K, I think you discussed the issue and you talk about your view that any change to the DRD would likely be applied on a prospective basis only. Just wondering where that’s coming from? Is that from your folks in Washington that are talking to members of Congress or what gives you confidence in taking that view? Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo: As I indicate, the benefit we derive from DRD is around $60 million. I believe, the DRD has been brought back in. So I think whoever is going to – certainly that was our view, before it was prospective. I think we’ll just have to evaluate where it’s going at this particular stage as it comes back in.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. But the $60 million has been what the benefit’s been running at?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. That’s correct.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The final question today comes from Colin Devine from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. First, for Walter and Jim, as you’re growing the advisor channel, the concern that we have is we saw again this quarter a settlement for a client dispute in Kendelay (ph), there’s been a bunch of these since you’ve been public. Do you really feel that you’ve got in place the compliance systems so this starts to go away because they started to add up to a fairly significant numbers. Second, if I can get just a bit more detail on what the charge and protection for claim reserves. What those related.
James M. Cracchiolo: On the first, let me try and answer the first. The claims that we had in the past and we looked at, primarily focused that SAI and we have spent an exorbitant amount of investment and time on improving the capabilities there. And we feel they are at benchmark-able standards.
Walter S. Berman: Yeah. But the settlement expenses you see has nothing to do with the AWM business, those last few quarter settlements. So it’s not related to the AWM nor the advisor base.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. Colin, does that answer it. That part of it?
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Yeah. That’s fine. And then on the claim reserves?
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah. It was basically a waiver premium benefit and the UL. We improved the valuation as we got throughout data and using our new system and it doesn’t reflect any underlying trend. It’s really just an update and capability that we have with the new poly system.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay. What assumptions then changed? Just so I’m clear, was it your long term interest rate assumption, a lapse assumption? What triggered – 
James M. Cracchiolo: I will have to get back to you on the specifics about what it was, what aspects within the tables that they were using or whatever drove that change. We’ll get back to you on that and we’ll get that.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay. And then the final one, as you laid out the issues with comp and attracting and experienced advisors, given the delay for them to become fully profitable for you, does that put at risk your goal still of the 15% ROE for 2012? Because I assumed for the advisor channel there’s a lag here for that ramping as a probability. And clearly that’s a big part of your story if you’re going to hit the 15%.
Walter S. Berman:  Let me just say, when we celebrated the 2012 we fully understood the economics associated with the advisors, both from the volume of advisors and certainly the rate and margin associated with that. So that was totally incorporated in it.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay. So you’re still on track for that.
James M. Cracchiolo: That’s right. Nothing has changed since the last time we presented.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Berg from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Yes. My question is, just a follow up to Colin’s, if the lawsuits don’t relate to the advising north management business, to what do they relate? Thank you.
Walter S. Berman: It relates to a settlement we had in the asset management on the thread needle side. And the settlement actually, was a client settlement and basically we settled with a client.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thank you, Walter.
Operator: At this time there are no additional questions.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. I want to thank everyone for their participation this morning. And if there’s any other follow up questions you can call Laura Gagnon. And we thank you very much and you have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Ameriprise Financial 2009 fourth quarter earnings conference call. This concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon – IR Jim Cracchiolo – Chairman and CEO Walter Berman – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities Andrew Kligerman – UBS Jeff Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein Eric Berg – Barclays Capital Colin Devine – Citigroup
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial’s third quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we will take your questions. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our Web site. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance.  These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earning release, our 2008 Annual Report to shareholders, and our 2008 10-K Report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our third quarter earnings discussion and thank you for adjusting to this new time for our conference call. We thought we would give you a bit more time to understand the numbers so that we can focus our call on our strategy and progress. As our results demonstrate, the company continues to emerge from a very difficult period in excellent condition. Throughout the financial crisis our balance sheet strength enabled us to continue to invest while others retrenched. Now with two quarters of stable and rising markets behind us, we are beginning to see improving traction in key business metrics and we are regaining the earnings power that our diversified model provides. We are also seeing positive trend lines across our segments. Retail activity is beginning to improve as our clients are starting to gain confidence and beginning to reenter the equity market. We have not returned to the activity levels we had before the crisis but the progress we are seeing is positive. As a result of the stronger markets and increased flows, our asset levels are growing significantly which is providing increased earnings leverage. In fact our total owned, managed and administered assets increased to $440 billion at quarter end, an 11% increase over the sequential quarter. Just as important, our client and advisory retention both remained at very high levels and the core of our business, our client advisor relationships remained strong. We are also making good progress in integrating the acquisitions we made last year. The Seligman integration is essentially complete and we are beginning to see improving asset flows in those funds along with solid growth in our hedge fund business. The H&R Block Financial Advisors integration is also proceeding according to plan and we are in the process of completing systems conversions. That acquisition has given us the opportunity to re-engineer our employee advisor platform and we believe that group will now have the ability to deliver stronger economics over time. At the same time, our strong foundation and prudent operating principles continue to serve us well. The balance sheet remains in excellent condition. In fact, we swung to a net unrealized gain position during the quarter and because we pre-funded our acquisition we will be able to execute the Columbia Management transaction and still maintain significant capital flexibility with strong excess capital and liquidity positions. In addition, we are continuing to reduce expenses and we are on pace to exceed our goal of $350 million in re-engineering savings this year. Overall, I am comfortable with our earnings trends and I am confident in our ability to capitalize on the opportunities we have created for the company. Now, before Walter gives you more detail on the numbers for the quarter, I would like to provide some insight into our operating segments. Importantly, all of our segments were profitable in the quarter. First in Advice and Wealth Management, our client assets increased 11% sequentially which was driven by rising markets and net flows. In terms of client activity as I said, we are seeing improvements and the pattern has been consistent with our expectations. We knew from past experience that it usually takes retail clients about six months to return to the markets after a market downturn and we are around that six-month point now. Given the severity of this crisis, we are not surprised that activity is coming back slowly. Over time as clients continue to gain confidence and redeploy cash into the equity markets, this shift will provide an additional earnings lever for us. As a result, the clients remain conservative.  Cash balances remain high in clients’ accounts. Because of very low short-term interest rates, the cash balances are not earning significant spreads and this has created a drag on earnings. If short rates begin to rise, we would see a nice benefit. When clients are accepting more risk, they are tending to look for products that give them diversity and flexibility. During the quarter we introduced a new product Active Diversified Portfolios that is meeting this need. It is the second product in our Active Portfolios series and it has generated strong demand. In our Advisor group, we are beginning to derive benefits from our experienced advisory groups who are succeeding at bringing their books of business to Ameriprise. Clearly we were able to recruit a higher than expected number of advisors as we took advantage of the turmoil in the industry earlier this year. Now the conditions are calmer, recruiting has slowed.  We have also reduced the pipeline of advisors coming to Ameriprise as we rollout a new brokerage platform and complete the block acquisition. Once we have our employee advisor group fully integrated into one broker dealer, operating on one new brokerage platform, we think we will present an even more compelling value proposition to our experienced advisors. Now I will turn to asset management where we have generated total net inflows of $2.3 billion. In domestic asset management sales of mutual funds are beginning to increase and redemptions have remained steady, which has allowed us to return to net inflows in domestic retail funds. We have also won some important institutional mandates and on third-party distribution, which has been slow, they are starting to gain traction again. Overseas, Threadneedle continues to perform very well with strong net inflows across its businesses even with continued Zurich outflows. In terms of the investment performance, domestic performance continues its positive trend in the quarter with improvements across equities and fixed income and in both retail and institutional. Most of our funds remain positioned for a recovery and as a result all of our asset-related performance numbers improved versus the sequential quarter. At Threadneedle performance remained excellent with 90% of equity funds above their peer mediums for three years. The quarter was highlighted of course by our announcement of the Columbia Management acquisition. We continue to feel very good about the financial and strategic possibilities Columbia will give us and about the cultural fit of the two organizations. Columbia’s employees and clients have received the combination very well and the business continues to perform at a high level. In fact, the long-term assets we will acquire have appreciated to $184 billion at quarter end. We remain confident that we will be able to execute the transaction efficiently and that we will be able to deliver on our financial projections for the deal. Turning to annuities, we are continuing to drive strong results and I feel good about the direction of that business. In variable annuities asset balances increased 13% sequentially primarily from market appreciation. Net flows remained positive despite slow sales as clients remained reluctant to enter long dated contracts. We think sales will pick up as conditions continue to improve and as two new products launched during the quarter gained traction. The new secured source riders are designed to meet current client interest while preserving strong returns for the company. Our variable annuity hedging program continued to perform well in the quarter and DAC unlocking demonstrated the strong underlying fundamentals of the VA book. In fixed annuities, our balances were up 25% compared to a year ago. During the quarter, we lowered our rates in response to the spread environment, which resulted in lower sales. On the other hand, the growth in fixed annuity balances that resulted from strong sales over the previous several quarters is now generating solid returns. In the insurance business, sales continue to be a challenge for the industry. In general we are seeing clients still opting for fixed products rather than variable and sales are trending up but they are still below last year. Total VUL and UL sales increased by 22% sequentially but were down 4% compared to a year ago. Importantly our book of business in the protection segment remained solid. We are also continuing to introduce innovative insurance products in response to current conditions. During the quarter we launched a new optional rider on permanent single life policies to help clients manage costs associated with chronic care and we are seeing good initial traction in this product. In addition our Auto & Home business continued to generate solid growth driven by 8% increase in policy count over a year ago. This business has generated very consistent growth and it continues to produce nice margins. Overall, as I look across our businesses, I am starting to see improvements in client activity and along with that we are realizing improved asset flows and nice growth in asset balances from the rising market. At the same time, our solid financial foundation continues to support our model and our growth objectives. Because of our strong capital base and our continuing focus on expense control, the company is in an excellent position to navigate various market and economic conditions. If markets continue to improve, we have substantial flexibility to invest in future growth or to return capital to shareholders as appropriate. And we have a lower expense base to help us drive earnings growth. To summarize, I feel quite good about the direction and positioning of Ameriprise Financial. We believe in the strong earnings power inherent in our model and we are confident that we can execute our agenda and bring that power to fruition. Now I will turn it over to Walter for more details on the quarter and after that we will take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thanks Jim. We posted slides on our Web site again this quarter and they will be updated with my 12 points after the call. Please turn to slide 3. We are beginning to see improved profitability trends. Reported net income was $260 million compared to a prior year loss of $70 million, while core operating earnings of $268 million were up 7%. Core earnings growth was the result of improving fundamental drivers. Please turn to slide 4. This chart reconciles reported and core operating EPS. The differences were marginal this quarter but we have continued to show this table because of the very significant market impacts on earnings last year. In total excluding non-core items, operating EPS declined from $1.13 to $1.03. However excluding the 36 million shares issued to pre-fund the acquisition EPS was up $0.06 to $1.19. Regarding taxes in the 2009 quarter we increased our forecast of full year profits which raised the full year effective tax rate estimate to 22% from 20% at the end of the prior quarter. This catch-up is reflected in the higher 23.7% effective tax rate for the quarter. Turning to slide 5, you can see the net revenue trends for the past five quarters adjusted for the impact of DAC unlocking in both years. On this basis, revenues increased by 7% compared with a year ago and by 17% compared with the low point of the first quarter of this year. These positive trends were driven by strong underlying factors. First growth in net investment income as spread product account values and earned spread rate both increased. These trends along with our consistent insurance premiums form a solid base for future revenues. Growth in management and distribution fees reflects the equity market increases as well as positive flows and acquisitions. On slide 6 you can see our re-engineering progress. This slide shows the increasing ability of our re-engineering programs to offset the market impact. The estimated market impacts year over year are declining. As a result of both the recent equity market appreciation as well as lower comparisons from last year at current equity levels the fourth quarter 2009 daily average could actually exceed the current prior year quarter although there is still a material difference in yield available for our liquidity pool.  We have employed re-engineering to mitigate the market impacts on revenues and PTI with about two-thirds of our re-engineering savings falling to the bottom line. The remaining one third has been reinvested in the business to support longer term growth. In the third quarter re-engineering sales offset approximately 80% of the market impact. Given our intention to maintain our focus on expense management and at current equity levels, net re-engineering benefits are expected to exceed the market impacts in the fourth quarter. On slide 7 you can see the drivers of our unlocking. The detailed line items impacted by our marketing are disclosed in our statistical supplement. Bottom line unlocking benefited core operating earnings by $0.33 per share compared to a $0.31 per share benefit last year. The unlocking benefit was driven by improvement in the following assumptions, spread, persistency, expenses and mortality. If you will turn to slide 8, I would like to point out just a couple of things related to our VA hedging. You can see that our variable annuity hedging continues to be effective. As in the past quarters, non-performance risks and basis risks have continued to offset each other. While the non-performance risk impact was a negative $27 million, basis risk was a positive $25 million for a net expense of $2 million. The correlation is a result of the basis risk also being primarily driven by spread. Death benefits were a positive impact in the quarter as the equity market gains resulted in lower reserves. In total the variable annuity benefits impact was immaterial in the quarter. Slide 9 shows the major components of our unrealized gain position. In total we believe the improvement reflects the higher quality of the portfolio as our (inaudible) spreads narrowed and risk rates declined during the quarter. The primary driver of the $1.4 billion improvement was investment grade corporate, the largest component of our available-for-sale portfolio with a fair value of over $15 billion. The second largest driver is the CMBS segment reflecting the overall high quality of that portfolio. On a percentage basis, increases in fair value as a (inaudible) the biggest positive movements were in the prime RMBS portfolio as well as the high-yield corporate portfolio. Next, I would like to address our balance sheet strength on slide 10. We continued to maintain more than $2 billion in excess capital. Of that approximately $1 billion is expected to be deployed for the Columbia acquisition in Spring 2010. We do not anticipate any additional variable annuity capital requirements at year end. We will continue to maintain appropriate liquidity levels down from prior quarters but still above early 2007 levels. The target is somewhere between $1 billion to $1.5 billion in free cash for normal market conditions. We expect to continue to maintain strong capital ratios. Our debt to equity excluding non-recourse debt and with 75% equity credit for our hybrid is under 15% and we anticipate our variable annuity hedging will continue to perform well. I conclude with slide 11 our outlook for the remainder of the year. We have a favorable view for the balance of 2009. Given current equity market flows and our spread product base, we expect continued favorable net revenue growth trends. We expect to end the year with re-engineering expense savings above plan with some operating expenses impacted by improved profitability namely taxes and compensation. As a result, the positive net revenue trends and continued re-engineering benefits, we expect to see positive profitability and returns.  We have completed the Seligman acquisition and will be focusing on the operation and consolidation of HRBFA as well as launching the Columbia integration activity. Finally, we expect to maintain strong balance sheet fundamentals. In summary, we expect to exit 2009 with accelerated earnings and a very strong foundation. With that we will now open it up for questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse Securities.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: (inaudible) talk a bit about what is going on in international institutional within asset management that is really where you had the main delta in terms of net flow turnaround and I know you had mentioned that Zurich still had net outflows, can you talk about what has been driving that positively?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, the Threadneedle business is starting to experience some good wins in their institutional mandates for external clients and the stronger institutional offset some of the continued outflows in the Zurich book, but we are seeing some good wins there based on their investment performance both in fixed as well as equity and people are beginning to get back into the markets both in Europe as well as we are winning some mandates in Asia in the Middle East.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: And Jim, would you say there were any jumbo type transactions or were these a type of wins that you think are going to be recurring sustainable so we can see this as more of a permanent level?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes we cannot predict but I think there are a number of wins, there was not necessarily one or two big mandates but they are reasonable size mandates and we see our pipeline there looking pretty positive.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Got it, okay. Next question is can you just give an update on the incentive fee outlook for asset management relative to where you are versus (inaudible) on the assets you manage with incentive or performance fees?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think overall our performance has been coming back in a number of areas, I mean we still have some negative PIAs in some of our retail funds so that has been a little bit of a drag on us but as we looked at the performance coming back this year, it is quite positive particularly in the fixed income area. When I look at the hedge funds particularly around (inaudible) area that has been performing quite strongly and so that will be positive and we should be getting some performance fees that we will be booking in the fourth quarter there.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: And you still do the one-time true-up in 4Q for performance fees?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. And the last question I had is related to variable annuities, I was looking at page 19 of the supplement just looking at GAAP allocated equity to variable annuities and I noticed it has not increased yet last quarter you had said VA Carvum [ph] and CTE 98 would require another $600 million of capital related to that business. So my question is, should I not be looking at the GAAP allocated equity as being the actual capital required because the $600 million was more of a statutory concept or maybe you can help me reconcile that.
Walter Berman: Hi, this is Walter. So if you go back to quarter two, when we did mention that if you took the impacts that we are estimating for VA Carvum and CTE 98 that was in the $600 million and that obviously we had an offset as it came as we went to cash flow that is reflected, the VA Carvum is reflected in it but because we are now getting in the improving market. So it is our best circuit to get to the capital equivalent of risk base. So it is there on that basis.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: But Walter if I look at it, and this is again just from your financial supplement, 1Q09 said $1.1 billion of allocated equity to VA, 2Q09 $800 million, 3Q09 $986 million, and if I go back to 4Q08 $1.3 billion. So actually on a GAAP allocated equity basis, it has come down, it has not gone up.
Walter Berman: That is correct. You are having the markets move through there, you are having basically the 157 [ph] moving there so you will have a lot of moving factors going through but the VA Carvum is within that calculation.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay, thanks.
Walter Berman: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Good morning. First question and then two quick follow-ups, with your advisor, your Ameriprise advisor, so it fell sequentially by 224 to about (inaudible) and you mentioned a little earlier that you are moving on to one platform, could you give a sense of the timing when that gets completed and what type of advisor count growth objectives do you have over the next 12 months or so?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. There are two things happening right now. One is as we are migrating to one platform, we are also combining the field office activities in certain locations and realigning the employee base to one sort of network. So there are some adjustments occurring, some of the old P1 advisors that were more of the Ameriprise, some of them are deciding and they are migrating to our franchisee channel a bit. Second is we have slowed down the recruitment activities because we are in the process of conversions and so we are moving people from the old platform first the block platform over to the new and then our own advisors over to the new and that is taking place in the fourth quarter and so it is more difficult to bring people over and transfer the books during that time. And third in the franchisee channel, we do have some attrition it is mainly in more of the advisors that are part of the franchisee teams that were under them in their team structure where they have tightened their reins a little bit based on levels of activity and so some of those lower level advisors in those team practices were let go or they moved on. So it is a combination of those things that we saw, the strong recruitment we did in the first part of the year before we migrated to the platforms and was happening in the industry, those people are onboard and we are getting them all situated and they are bringing over their books. So what I would say is fourth quarter is going to be another slow quarter for us based on the changed that we are making and then we are hoping to get more into a stable flow next year and then as we migrate our franchisees over to the new platform, we could probably even open up recruitment more strongly in the franchisee channel next year as well which we are just starting to do.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Then just quickly on a follow-up to that one, is there anything particularly telling about the new platform that you did not already have, is there a major, major change there?
Jim Cracchiolo: Our platform previously we put in a great front-end system which is advisor plan of focus and we have all of the ways that you could work with clients for performance tracking, for goal tracking, for integrated activities regarding a broad product set which includes protections and annuities, etc. What we did not have is the latest in the features and functionality on the brokerage side and so this new platform will give us state-of-the-art of those capabilities combined with our front end we should then have one of the best technology infrastructures in the industry. And so we are quite excited about adding the new brokerage platform that would be a great complement to the front-end advisor workstations we have online.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Got it. In terms of the cost savings, if I add up the first three quarters of savings you got $290 million in the third quarter alone you got about $120 million and you are saying for the year you want to be doing more than $350 million, that would imply at least $60 million in the fourth quarter but I am assuming you would probably do at least the $120 you did in the third quarter, is that the right thinking? And then secondly as you are reinvesting the money from your savings, what is the primary focus for reinvestment?
Jim Cracchiolo: So on the first question, our run rate in re-engineering has continued to pick up, it is quite strong. It was $120 million in the third quarter, we see that run rate somewhat continuing. I will not give you an exact figure but it will be greater than the $60 million and we see it will definitely be above the $100 million mark as we get into the fourth quarter. In regard to how we think about reinvestment, this year alone we have been making investments, we have cut them down and scaled them. There are certain things that we would probably want to start picking up again next year but I think we are going to continue to keep a focus on expense control particularly in many of the areas where we have made the adjustments and re-engineered out the cause. There are a few areas we might invest a bit more in again next year depending on the market situation things such as advertising media, things such as that but we have been making core investments in our architecture. We did commit to this new brokerage platform quality expenses, you will see it even AWN [ph] this quarter is because of that new platform we are putting in and that will continue as we go into the next year but that has all been counted as part of the investment strategy we already have. So investments may pick up a little if businesses continue to come back strong but I do believe we already have a base level of investments that we are still having in our plan this year, so it is not like we are going from scratch.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Perfect and then real quickly $2.1 billion of free cash you mentioned, do you put any of that to work or do you kind of keep that as sort of a buffer?
Jim Cracchiolo: I will let Walter speak.
Walter Berman: On the free cash, right now we are thinking in this environment looking at it we think it will be in the range between $1 billion and $1.5 billion and then we will adjust it as we see the situation but it seems like a pretty good range for us.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Schuman with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Jeff Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good morning. A couple of follow-ups on the issues around the advisors in the platform, it sounds like the rollout of the platform is significant enough to influence your recruiting plans, I just want to be clear, is there a potential for this to actually be disrupted in terms of productivity for the existing advisors or is that not a concern?
Jim Cracchiolo: No I think what it is, is there will be some disruption as we convert over but the conversion has been going smoothly. I mean, what you really have is people getting more familiar with the new system, so there is some additional training depending on what they are familiar with and where they came from. So it is a probably a bit less for the block advisors that were on inversion [ph] of this type of platform. It is probably a bit more for our advisors in a P1 channel but our P1 channel do not do a lot of transaction processing activities.  So a core of what they do is the same, it is just more of getting used to the functionality and how to process work, etc. We are rolling this out to the franchisees over time based upon their need. So that is going to be scheduled out over the course of next year so we do not look for any major impacts. The only reason we have to do a major conversion on the employee size because we are putting together two broker dealers with the acquisition of H&R Block and that is what caused us to do the migration all within a set timeframe so that we can move to one legal entity.
Jeff Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thanks, that is helpful. And then when you get back to somewhat a higher level of recruiting, what is kind of the general plan, are you going to get back to more your historical strategy around recruiting sort of newer advisors or are you going to continue on with the more recent strategy of targeting experienced folks or how does that kind of roll forward?
Jim Cracchiolo: I think as we start moving forward we are going to continue to focus on a bit more on the experienced front. We are going to probably push a bit more an opening to bring in more people that want to also move to an independent in the franchisee channel and we will probably start sometime next year again bringing in more of focused career changes that are pretty well established in understanding how to sell, etc., from other different venues that they been in the careers but we would probably start that up again in a very focused way and so the complement in the employee channel will be through combination of experience and career changes and then in the franchisees we are bringing in more of those people either coming from independence or coming from people warehouses that want to be more independent. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Great, thanks. Two questions please. First on the advice and wealth business, if I look at I guess it is page 11 of your supplement where you break out the pretax earnings from the certificates and banking fees [ph] as well as the wealth management and distribution, if I exclude the certificates and banking maybe give you some credit for the integration cost, it just seems like this business is still the period of wealth management and distribution part of the business is still break even maybe losing a little bit of money, so my question is what is the strategy in terms of turning that around and what are maybe a couple of the major leverage points that you have to get this business back into profitability?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay let me start, there are a few things. First of all, our activity is as I said beginning to come back. What we are saying there are two parts of that activity, one is as you are well aware a large part of our business is fee based, and so as the markets pick up and the account balances pick up that will be flowing into a type of wrap fees and quarterly fees that the advisors get and we have seen a nice trend pick up of that over the last two quarters and so it is starting to get back to nice balances that will start to realize some of the annuity streams from that and since our advisors do not do a lot of the media transaction business, you have not seen that come back quickly into the distribution revenue yet. The second part of that is activity levels for some of the other products like transactions, annuities, some of the longer term accounts and insurance as well as even transactions in regard to things like REITs, etc., has not come back as quickly. We are seeing signs that it is picking up but that if there is such a volatile market change, just in a normal down market it was six months before our clients normally came back to some of the more normalized activity levels. And then the third on the revenue side is the brokerage spread on the cash. It is getting a few dips that we are earning on it. If you go back in normalized short-term rates, if you get them over 1% to 2%, you would find that that would be a very lucrative profit margin that us and many other firms including Schwabs and others of the world of retail brokerage would find is an important revenue stream for profitability. So that has really been a drag on us. On the expense side, if you net out the integration cost we are up to about $28 million but that includes some of the new things I mentioned, the new brokerage platform we got is part of operating expense.  We still operate with two old platforms what we have block on, we have the block operating environment plus our own continuing to go on until we merge the broker dealers. So some of those expenses are not in the integration expenses and so they are included into the operating and when the revenue compressed that really hurt the profit margin. So as we get through the fourth quarter, some of those expenses should be relieved and therefore hopefully with the pickups I had mentioned in some of the other categories of revenue will start getting back to much stronger profits hopefully in AWM if the markets continued to hold.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: That is helpful Jim. When you announced the Columbia deal, you kind of gave us some useful information in terms of the margin potential for the asset management business, I think you said something like 20% to 25% by 2012. Could you give us just a ballpark guess in terms of where you think the margins in the advice of wealth management business assuming kind of market trends are stable could be by 2012?
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say we would probably get back to margins between the 10% and 15% depending on where cash is and short-term rates.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Great. And then the second question was for Walter on the risk-based capital, have you run your calculations for 09/30/09 [ph] in terms of where you think the RBC might be?
Walter Berman: Yes, obviously we do it once a year but we will take a rough shot at it, it is certainly in excess of 350.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: I would have thought it would be much higher than that.
Walter Berman: You get a combination if you look it on (inaudible) moving, you have seen the markets move around but it is clearly in excess of that, substantially in excess.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay thanks.
Walter Berman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thanks and good morning to everyone. My first question actually returns us to page 11 of your supplement. Even though you are reporting profits on a pre-tax basis out of your certificates and banking business, it looks like in the September quarter the number was $37 million pretax, you are showing a net return on allocated equity. Help me understand how you could have positive earnings allocated equity but a negative pretax return on allocated equity? Is the figure calculated differently from how it sort of normally is?
Walter Berman: Obviously it bank regulatory equity, it is basically the way that is factored in on that basis. So I think it is totally consistent from that standpoint. So we are factoring in the bank regulatory equity into that calculation.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: So the calculation is based not on the – well, again, it will not have a difference.
Walter Berman: Eric, if you look at it, we are first coming out of de novo status now and we are in discussions with the OTS as it relates to dropping the capital requirement as it (inaudible) which is substantially higher than an ongoing banking situation that we believe. Again I do not want to go ahead of ourselves with the OTS but certainly we see there will – we are hoping for a reasonable drop in that.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: You have given a very helpful and comprehensive answer to my question but I am really asking a very simple one, irrespective of how much equity you have in the business, how could you be showing a negative return if your numerator namely your earnings are positive?
Walter Berman: Yes, I understand but Eric if you go through the calculations, the full quarter calculations, so you get the full effect of it trailing through. So it is not just the current quarter that you will have to do it over the trailing – and I think that will work, we can go (inaudible) but it should really resolve, it is a trailing capital.
Jim Cracchiolo: It had to do with some of the losses recognized in the fixed book previously.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Got it. Now I feel I have the answer to the puzzle so to speak. Jim, in the September quarter it was striking by how much the performance improved at RiverSource in the equity fund compared to the June quarter performance. It seems as if there was really a leap upwards in the percentage of the assets being managed in the top half of the (inaudible) peers, help us understand how in one quarter you could see what would appear to be on page 14 of the supplement a dramatic improvement in performance and then I will just have one more question? Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes I think as we were looking at the performance of the product there was a more including in the second quarter a gradual trend up. So part of the performance improved towards the latter part of the performance and some of the bad or weaker performance, the earlier vintages were rolling off and that is why it sort of blipped up because it just needed to hit certain thresholds to get it up to the next level and so we continue to feel very good about the performance trends coming back there and hopefully based on what our investment people are focused on that will continue.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you. And then my last question, back to you Walter, on page 8 of your slides where you are comparing the 25 to the negative 27 and you are circling them, at least in my slide there is a circle this is to suggest you want us to look at those numbers together, I am just wondering whether it is coincidental purposeful that those numbers are so close to each other in the sense that I thought the basis risk arises from sort of a difference in the sensitivity to credit spreads of your hedge on the one hand and you GMWB liability on the other, sort of a difference in the sensitivity to credit spreads that is kind of the basis risk and that the FAS 157 credit spread number the negative 27 really has nothing to do with the basis risk but simply reflects uniquely on your own credit worthiness. So I am thinking –
Walter Berman: No, I did not mean to interrupt you, I thought you were finished –
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: No I am just wondering whether the fact that the 25 and 27 are so close together and netting to a small number a negative 2, whether that is coincidental or purposeful.
Walter Berman: It is not, it is correlated.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Walter Berman: I think we have been seeing a pretty close correlation with that and again it is different times to right now but it certainly has been closely correlated.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Devine with Citigroup.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: A couple of questions. First, Walter you mentioned with respect to the bank and the capital, I just wanted to clarify in your estimate as excess capital, is any of that include potential capital really from what you are holding for the bank assuming you get it out of the de novo status that is question one. Then question two, a little more detailed, if you could give us some more transparency on what really happened behind this (inaudible) I know you provided some numbers there but I would like to understand a little bit more given the declining long-term interest rates, the narrowing of credit spreads, as well as just what equity markets have done, why you did it but also what are your key assumptions then in terms of (inaudible), how long are you amortizing your DAC over? What sort of market returns are you assuming? What asset mix within the products are you assuming? That will be very helpful, thank you.
Walter Berman: As far as the excess capital, until we actually resolve and get clarity with the OTS about what the amount of capital is being required, we will not calculate it into our excess but if that comes to fruition, we would then count that and have the ability to give them that up if so it will become part of the capital.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Do you have an estimate as to what that might be?
Walter Berman: We are in discussions right now. We are technically out of de novo and we are filing our three-year plan. We have to go through it. I do not want to be presumptuous and so I will let the process go to fruition. As far as basically looking at the assumptions, obviously you are aware that we go through a fairly extensive review by our actuaries looking at all aspects of this, I think we have a little different opinion about credit spreads, they have widened and we have seen the benefit of that reflected and that was calculated in from that standpoint. So we do see that is and has been certainly looked at and referral to an external accountant. And they looked at the persistency and the mortality we do – like I said we ensure 90% of it. So from that standpoint, we feel comfortable with those elements and looking at the expense benefits that we have predicated in.  So when we look at the market and the DAC, the DAC is matched to each product and how they evaluate it and look at it from that standpoint and the trends that they feel have developed and behavior patterns had developed. So we are comfortable from that standpoint. All the assumptions are very consistent with the actuarial test that go through. So as far as the markets right now on the DAC, we are basically assuming the way we have seen it and the way we look at it, before we had that it was going to be certainly be a little more lumpy, we smoothed it and we feel the rates narrowed in the 11% range and we are feeling comfortable there as we monitor the debt. As you are aware, we certainly adjust that on a quarterly basis as we see it.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: I am not sure if I caught that, did you say you are assuming in a 11% market return, now I did not catch in terms of – are you assuming and if it is a 11%, is that on the VA overall balances because I would have thought a third to half of them are in fixed income now so I would appreciate a clarification on that. And I do not think I caught where you mentioned what role a persistency change or how it is changed, what sort of persistency are you assuming and then also over what period are you docking in terms of –
Walter Berman: Like I said the docking goes over depending on the different products, the docking goes over the length of products. I do not have that, we can get them or I can get you the information on that particular issue. As it relates to the assumptions on the equity market obviously with dividends and everything, right now looking at it over the time horizon which we do quarterly, it is a $0.11 factor with the dividend and there is a factor built in obviously for the account guys to stay within the variable annuities which is much lower. So those assumptions like I said we feel quite comfortable and certainly coming back with the markets and everything is there. We basically brought down as we explained to you the assumptions on lumpiness and we have just smoothed it out.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay but I guess I am still missing this, the 11% on the equity market fees, okay, and then you have got a portion of your VA of accounts in fixed, I assume it is lower bringing down the overall return assumptions or are you saying it is a 11% overall on your VA?
Walter Berman: No, it is 11% for the portion that relates to the equity and we use a lower amount as relates to the account value within the variable annuities.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. Thank you very much for participating in our call today and if there are any other follow-ups you can give Laura a call, hopefully that has been informative for you and as I said I feel we had a good quarter and we feel like things are on the right track going forward and with that in mind we will continue to plough away. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations Jim Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Hall - Wells Fargo John Nadel - Sterne Agee Jeff Schuman - KBW Andrew Kligerman - UBS Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Colin Devine - Citigroup Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Eric Berg - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial’s second quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we would be happy to take your questions. During the call, you may hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements to be found in today's earning release. Our 2008 annual report to shareholders, and our 2008 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Good afternoon, thanks for joining us for our second quarters earnings discussion. As our results demonstrate, conditions appear to be stabilizing and the market environment finally seems calmer than has been in quite some time. Our client activity is showing signs of improvement as retail investors begin to move past the period of fear and regain their focus on the long-term. This initial business momentum along with the continued improvement in the equity markets contributed to growth in revenues and asset levels compared to last quarter. As you know, our balance sheet has remained strong and resilient during the market and economic downturn. In the second quarter, this strength was reinforced. Our net unrealized loss position decreased by 68% to 577 million and we took actions to further boost our financial flexibility. In short, we’ve significantly enhanced our debt maturity ladder and raised equity to pursue opportunities. I'll come back to this in a moment. The message I want you to take away today is this: our metrics are beginning to show signs of improvement, our balance sheet is very strong, and we're in a position to pursue appealing growth opportunities. With that in mind, I would like to give you some insight into our results in the performance of the business. For the quarter, we earned 95 million or $0.41 per share. Our core operating earnings were 133 million or $0.58 per share. We generated revenues of 1.9 billion, a sequential improvement of 9%. The decrease in our earnings compared with a year ago primarily resulted from the impacts of the 28% year-over-year decline in the S&P 500 and lower short-term interest rates. The core of our franchise, which is long-term deep relationships between advisors and their clients remain strong. It's been a very difficult year for financial advisors. Despite the conditions, advisory retention remains near all time highs. In fact, retention among our productive advisors remains at 95%. We also recruited more than 200 experienced advisors to our branded platforms during the second quarter, bringing our total for the year to more than 400. That's ahead of the expectations we set at the beginning of the year. Our advisors are staying with us and established professionals are joining us because of the company's strength and stability and because of our continued focus on providing excellent advisor support. We had continued to invest to enhance our capabilities, including marketing and technology. In fact, we will begin rolling out a new brokerage platform for early next year. And just as important, our brands have remained strong through this financial crisis. Our client retention is very good, which is a testament to our advisor's diligent work and again to the strength of our relationships. Now that we've had four months of more positive market conditions, clients are beginning to regain confidence. As a result, client activity is beginning to pick up. You can see evidence of this upswing in our product movements, as our clients move out of defensive cash positions we're seeing positive momentum and asset lows across our product platform. In the Second Quarter, we generated particular strength in our RAP accounts which had net inflows of $2.8 billion. Total asset management net flows turned positive and compared to about 100 million of net outflows in the First Quarter of this year and 4.8 billion of outflows a year ago. Our total managed asset increased by 12% to $214 billion over the sequential quarter as a result of the inflows and market appreciation. In the domestic asset management business, total RiverSource net flows improved significantly on a year-over-year basis driven by slowing net outflows and retail funds resulted from a pickup in sales. We've also experienced strong inflows in institutional and a return to net inflows in alternative portfolios. We also returned to overall net inflows at the Threadneedle. Slowing Zurich outflows as well as net inflows into retail funds resulted in total net inflows of 470 million. Threadneedle experienced net outflows of 322 million a quarter ago and 2.5 billion a year ago. In terms of investment performance, RiverSource performance improved during the period across both retail and institutional funds, as most of the portfolios are positioned for an economic recovery. Investment performance at Threadneedle remained quite strong with 93% of equity funds above the three-year medium. We're also continuing to drive positive flows in annuities, with total annuity net inflows of 1.1 billion in the quarter. In the Fixed business, sales slowed as we continue to manage our rate to office to ensure favorable economics. Still our total ending fixed annuity balance is up 23% year-over-year, which is helping to generate improved net investment income. In addition, we produced good flows and variable annuities with 567 million in net inflows in the quarter. We feel comfortable with the profitability of the new business we're writing, given the changes we're making to our products and features as well as the success of our hedging program. In the Insurance business, we're seeing some improvement in sales sequentially, but sales are still slower year-over-year. Permanent life insurance, cash sales were up 36% compared to the sequential quarter with universal life sales driving the increase. Variable universal life sales were flat compared to last quarter and down over a year ago because clients continue to be reluctant to move back to equity sensitive insurance products. The auto and home business continues to grow with a 7% increase in year-over-year policy counts. Overall, the Protection business and businesses remain strongly profitable as we continue to offer clients a wide range of product choices, and as we choose our risks carefully. Now, before I turn it over to Walter, I would like to address three additional points: first, expenses. You'll see in our numbers that the general administrative expenses were up compared with the sequential quarter. I want to be sure you understand that the increase was driven by acquisition related costs as well as several relatively small one-time items, including additional legal expenses. Last quarter, we told you that we had increased our goal for run rate expense savings to $350 million for 2009 and that we intended to deliver a majority of those savings to the bottom line. We're on pace to exceed those savings, in fact, we now are on a run rate of 110 million per quarter of expense saves. Second, I would like to help you understand that the net losses we're experiencing in the advice and wealth management and asset management segments. In addition, to the significant market challenges of the past year, both segments absorbed unusual expenses during the quarter, including ongoing costs associated with integrating our recent acquisitions. In addition to the integration cost, we still have redundant expenses from running multiple platforms. Those expenses will go away when we're fully consolidated later this year. Aside from the acquisition cost and some higher one-time legal cost expenses in both businesses have decreased substantially. At the same time, as I've said, our business momentum has turned positive, client activity and asset flows increasing. We're confident that the lower expense base along with the early signs of business improvement will start to give us additional earnings power in the quarters ahead. Finally, I would like to help you understand the rationale behind our capital decisions during the quarter. We raised capital not because we had anything to repair, but to be at a position to play offense. The debt we raised along with the tender offer currently in progress improves our overall debt position and prefunds the majority of our nearest debt maturity, which is in November of 2010. We now have a much stronger maturity ladder with our next tranche of debt maturing in 2015, and we feel very good about the overall debt positioning. While I know that our equity offering generated some questions, it was a prudent strategic decision. Even when taking into account the estimated new capital requirements for variable annuities; our excess capital is now more than 2 billion in excess at the end of the quarter that provides a strong cushion if we experience any new deterioration in the markets, but just as important, we also now have the capacity to act quickly as we identify opportunities to grow the franchise. We've often told you that we actively look for opportunities in asset management and retail distribution businesses, and that continues to be our focus. I want to ensure you that we will continue to be prudent as we pursue acquisitions and that we do not anticipate a need to raise additional capital if we make an acquisition. To summarize, I feel quite good about the direction and positioning of the company. Our advisor-client relationships remain strong. We're attracting new advisors. And our product areas are beginning to generate improved flows. In addition, the strong financial position we've built now enables us to pursue opportunities to grow the business while many of our competitors will focus on repairing problems. That's not to say that I'm totally satisfied with our results. We still have work to do to overcome the weaker environment compared with a year ago. We need to build on the early signs of improvement. I'm confident that we will do that and that we will begin to realize the earning powers inherent in our model.  Now I would like to turn it over to Walter for more detail on the quarter and after that we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thanks, Jim. We posted slides on our website again this quarter, and they will be updated with my talking points after the call. If you would turn to slide three, my discussion today will focus on three points. Earnings, actions we're taking in the challenging environment to drive profitability, and our balance sheet strength and flexibility. Our second quarter results reflected the continued market challenges we face. We reported $0.41 per share profit and we achieved core operating EPS of $0.58 per share. Turning to page four, here we'll provide more detail on specific non-core items in the quarter, which are detailed in the press release as well. In the quarter, we recorded $0.02 in net investment gains, compared to $0.08 in realized losses last year. We incurred $0.07 of acquisition-related integration charges, which are on track with our plan. Several markets conditions in the quarter drove $0.12 per share benefit related to DAC and DSIC mean reversion, compared to the negative impact of $0.03 in the prior year period. This DAC benefit was more than offset by a $0.20 per share charge related to variable annuity guarantees, primarily from FAS 157. There are two offsetting components within the $0.24. First, we realized an after DAC - after tax impact $139 million or $0.60 per share related to FAS 157 non-performance risk and a change in the liabilities. This was partially offset by an improvement in basis risk and market driven variable annuity guarantee impacts of 84 million or $0.36 per share. It’s important to know that the remaining exposure to FAS 157 on our balance sheet is manageable. Excluding all these items, core operating EPS was $0.58 per share compared to $1.03 last year. Next please turn to slide five. To help you clearly understand what is and is not in core, we have shown items that are included in our core earnings. Core earnings reflect negative impacts of the markets, and in this quarter, the lower year-over-year equity market levels reduced fees by approximately $0.36 per share. Lower short-term interest rates resulted in lower earnings of about $0.15 per share. We had a $0.07 per share provision for client settlement. In addition, our effective tax rate in the quarter was 24.4%, basically a catch-up to get to our full year estimated effective tax rate of 20%. This resulted in a $0.02 per share negative impact to core in the quarter. The full year tax rate increase is the result of higher expected pretax profit for the year. Lastly, we had a $0.02 per share gain on the repurchase of our hybrid debt. Of course, these changes in client activity and the product makeshift as a result of client seeking safety are included in core. These elements are difficult to quantify. In summary, our earnings were down $0.45 versus last year and the primary driver of this decline was the market dislocation. If you turn to slide six, we continue to focus on executing, managing everything that is under our control, and our outlook for the balance of the year is more favorable. We continue to recruit experienced advisors who are bringing clients and assets to the firm. We attracted more than 200 advisors, which was our best quarter ever. We also saw initial signs of improvement in client activity. As a result, we generated continued improvement in client asset flows with 2.8 billion of net wrap inflows in the quarter. Asset management flows have improved too, and so have investment performance both at Threadneedle and in the U.S. During the quarter, we redeployed approximately 1.5 billion of cash into longer dated fixed maturities, yielding an average of 6.5%. At the same time, we're continuing to implement our reengineering plans and with 110 million in savings in the quarter, we're on track to exceed our full year target of 350 million. Turning to slide seven. Here I would like to help you understand the benefit we expect to derive from our reengineering work. For the first half of the year, we experienced 394 million of year-over-year negative impacts to our PTI, market impacts to our PTI. The bottom line impact of reengineering was $113 million. Therefore, we offset only about 30% of the market impact. For the balance of the year, assuming the S&P holds at 920, our anticipated market impact is a negative 120 million in pretax earnings. The decline in year-over-year market impact is driven by the lower markets during the second half of 2008. We are anticipating reengineering benefits of 147 million to fall to the bottom line during the second half, or 121% of the estimated market impact versus last year. However, this table only reflects marketing, markets and reengineering. We will still be facing the impacts of lower client activity, the shift to lower margin products and the impact of our recent acquisitions. If you turn to slide eight, I would like to give you some further details on our balance sheet. We now hold more than $2 billion in excess capital, which includes the 869 million of net equity we raised in the second quarter. It also takes into account the estimated additional capital requirements for variable annuities. We're also maintaining high levels of liquidity. Even after investing 1.5 billion in cash during the quarter, we still hold 3.8 billion of free cash. The 3.8 billion includes 1.5 -- 1.4 billion relating to our equity and debt offerings. However, 450 million of this is committed to the tender offer for our 2010 debt. We think we made prudent decisions to prefund, and then tender for, a majority of our next year debt maturity. As Jim noted, we now have a much longer dated maturity ladder. Our capital ratio remains strong, with debt-to-total-cap ratio pro forma for completing the tender at 16.2%. Finally, our variable annuity hedging program continued to be extremely effective with performance in excess of 95% effectiveness target. Turning to slide nine; I'll provide more detail on our excess capital position. We told you last quarter that we held more than $1 billion of excess. Now we have more than 2 billion after our equity offering and after accounting for the estimated additional capital and reserve requirements for variable annuities. The position also excludes AOCI. In addition to the equity offering, the net change was driven by several factors. First, we estimated requirements for [VA carvum] and CTE 98. Second, we adjusted our methodology from fact to base to cash flow testing for all of our products and risk. Our June 30th position reflects market improvements during the quarter. Finally, the majority of the total position is now at the holding company level, which provides us significant flexibility. Now turning to slide 10, here you see details of our investment assets. Our purchases during the quarter focused on investment grade bonds, residential mortgage backed securities, which were primarily agency and [revamped] non-agencies. Our asset backed to commercial mortgage backed securities that are short duration and senior in the capital structure. In the residential mortgage portfolio, we recognized 31 million of impairments on mortgage backed securities that had been previously impaired. Mortgage market fundamentals have shown an improvement in the rate of new delinquencies. But severities upon liquidations continued to deteriorate. The commercial mortgage backed securities portfolio is nearly 100% AAA rated. It is seasoned and the underlying collateral is performing within expected parameters. The direct mortgage loan portfolio ended the quarter with no delinquencies. Trends in the quarter in the market continue to indicate possible stress on commercial real estate. Our historic conservative underwriting of the portfolio has been critical for maintaining a high quality portfolio to-date and the portfolio and macro trends are being monitored closely. If you turn to slide 11, we have once again provided significant detail on our unrealized loss position, which has decreased substantially. In fact, the total net unrealized loss position fell to $577 million, a decrease of approximately 1.4 billion compared with the sequential quarter. Unrealized losses after tax as a percentage of AOCI were just 4% down from 16% last quarter. Our website, on our website you can find the underlying details relating to each of these categories. To conclude, our markets remain challenging compared with a year ago. We of course, see optimistic regarding the environment and our business activity. We are maintaining our sound conservatively positioned balance sheet, and we are taking actions to drive profits in this environment. We're confident that these actions will also improve earning power as markets continue to stabilize. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from John Hall from Wells Fargo. 
John Hall - Wells Fargo: I was just wondering if you could offer a little bit more clarity on, I guess, the amount of redundant expenses wrapped up in the asset management sector. As I look over the course of 2009, we've got a loss of about $20 million in that segment. But you're looking to make an acquisition, a sizable one, I guess. Could you just give us a sense of what the run rate is there and if you're losing $20 million in that segment, why are you making a large acquisition and asset management is a good thing?
Jim Cracchiolo: Let me start and then Walter can jump in. I think if you adjust for the integration expenses from the acquisition as well as from some of the cost of an old client settlement, that segment turns positive in income. Within that is also some of the redundant expenses, so just as an example with the sellout memory two TA [triple A platforms] in a number of different things and we're merging all of that together right now. So that should be completed as we get to the latter part of the year that would also reduce some of the expense savings. The integration is actually working really well. It's actually on target. In fact, the savings are appearing to be even a bit stronger on the expense side. We also, as we mentioned, are seeing some signs of turnaround in various of the flows, et cetera, and the markets have appreciated a little bit during the quarter. We actually see signs that we will continue to make progress improving the profitability as we go through the latter part of the year. Regarding our idea just like with Seligman, we feel that that was a very good purchase for us and we'll get some really good synergies. Of course, what happened over the last year is such a severe decline in the market, so it's affecting every asset management company in that regard. We think that if there are good opportunities, that in combination with what we have we can get some really good synergies and even increase the profitability of the segment even more formally as we think about it, so that's really our thought process there.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: We have a target margin level that you would be shooting for?
Walter Berman: Well, as we said before the dislocation has taken place, we were heading for above 20%, between the 20%, 25% and obviously the market dislocation that certainly took it the other way. Certainly that is our range that we are talking through, and as Jim said with the market where it is and the other items that Jim mentioned, we do anticipate profitability in the second half to improve.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: On the $2 billion of excess capital, how much of that $2 billion number can you effectively go to war with in the acquisition arena?
Walter Berman: It is excess by definition, and obviously, it's fact and circumstance driven, we believe an appreciable portion of that is will allow them, we'll sit and work with [the radiant] before we use your expression go to war. 
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Essentially it's all available?
Walter Berman: It is classified as excess, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: A couple quick ones for you, could you give us the estimate on what the VA [carvum] incremental impact was going to be. You mentioned that your excess capital is net of that incremental, but could you give us a sense for that?
Walter Berman: The estimate on the VA [carvum] impact and the CTE 98 was in excess of 600 million.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I wanted to go through the equity market drag, the $0.36 that you're sort of citing from the equity markets in the quarter and think about exactly how we should be comparing that. Like what period. Is that year-over-year, so 2Q ’09 versus 2Q ’08.
Walter Berman: Yes. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I just wanted to put it in context. So we should think about that versus the average S&P in the second quarter of '08, which was near 1400. But the average S&P in the second half of '08 was down around 1100. Is that sort of why your commentary about the second half of the year?
Walter Berman: That's exactly right. Because, remember, we ended the year at around 900 on the S&P, right, and we exited the third quarter at 1165, so then you're right. I'm giving you the ending point, but that's exactly right. We're getting the favorable compare there, but also like I said our reengineering saves are increasing too.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Right, but far more favorable comparison versus the first half of the year, right? Okay.
Walter Berman: Absolutely.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Then the last one I had for you, just something I caught as I was running through the model, just thinking about I was looking at the allocated equity in the annuity segment. It dropped pretty dramatically on a sequential basis. I guess, intuitively, I understand why the variable annuity allocated equity would come down with the market appreciating. But the fixed annuity allocated equity came down about 23% sequentially and yet that business is continuing to grow. Just hoping you could help us understand why that business gets less equity despite the fact that it [take around]-
Walter Berman: It did grow. It slowed its growth in the quarter, obviously. You remember, you get the first year effects coming through from the prior. I believe that was the main reason for it. We basically had a change from that standpoint.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay, so there were no significant assumption changes or economic sort of the allocation method?
Walter Berman: We went from factored to the cash flow testing from that standpoint.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Did that transition from factored to cash flow testing have an impact on other segments as well?
Walter Berman:  No. On other segments, no.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: In terms of allocated equity?
Walter Berman: No. It should not have.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Schuman from KBW. 
Jeff Schuman - KBW:  A couple of questions; first of all, I'm hoping to better understand the earnings and certificate and banking. Sometimes you realize gains and losses in that segment, but if we kind of back those up from the time series, it looks like you usually make a few million dollars in certificate and banking pretax, in this quarter you made 28 million. I was just wondering if we could better understand the sequential improvement there. Secondly, I wanted to come back to the issue of reengineering and make sure I understand the numbers. You talked about 170 million of reengineering generating a net expense reduction of 113 million for the first half. What I want to make sure I understand is, the 113 million, is that fully realized in the first half P&L or is there still some of that, that would be actually yet to be realized in the P&L in the second half? Those are my two questions. Thanks.
Walter Berman: Let me try this. What we’re doing there is, the answer to your question is being fully realized, but that is also as Jim and we said, that is approximately two-thirds of the reengineering save is full to the bottom line. That's why I was trying to match it from that standpoint to the impact of the market. Not all the reengineering saves to go to the bottom line, they are reinvested and things like that. While we have the savings, we give you the net impact of 160. That's how you got the 113. That is why, that we realized to 150. We reinvested back part of it, so the 113, the residue goes against the 394.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: That's fully realized in the first half P&L, so in the second half P&L, I should look for more saves because you've done more activity, but we were done with the realization of, where you net it out from the 170, okay.
Walter Berman: That's right. You're getting the saves continue. You're going to have more saves coming in as we go through. As we've also said, while we will realize over 350 million this year, the calendarization impact on full year basis will there will be another 100 million that will realize next year. Not everything was done on January 1.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Understood.
Walter Berman: Now, I think the first question is really a function of really the investment and being able to pick up on the yield elements and the redeployment of more cash. That's why you see expenses coming.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: It seems like an awful big pickup. If I’m adjusting right for struck realized gains and losses, you never earned anywhere near that level. It seems like a big pickup?
Walter Berman: It was a big pickup and it's the first time the bank actually went into profitability on that basis, yes. The bank, it has been building and we record a good positioning on investing and the redeployment.
Jim Cracchiolo: We still have a lot more money to redeploy as well, so now it's getting into some of the spread and earnings.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: It would be appropriate to take the $21 million earnings level and certificates and banking and actually potentially increase that as we roll forward.
Walter Berman: Certainly, this is what we earned. Yes, I'll say this is what we earned, yes.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Okay.  
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS : A couple of questions, the first one maybe an update on what you're seeing in the M&A environment and what the likelihood is that something might happen in the near term?
Walter Berman: I think there are properties that are coming out. There are different interests that people have been exploring, the potential what I would call divestiture of various assets. Our feeling is that there will be more of that as people start to review, similar to the strains all of us are under a little bit of what happened with the depreciating markets. I do believe that there will be opportunities. There are already opportunities out there. As far as the likelihood in the near term, it really depends on whether everything clicks appropriately, whether it's the right asset, whether it's also at the appropriate price, and that strategically it will give us the capabilities we need. I don't really want to comment more than that, because until things are actually real, you don't really have anything.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS : I guess I would ask, Jim, which area you’re seeing more activity, asset management or brokerage?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, in the brokerage world, we're actually growing the brokerage world because we are recruiting in a lot of experienced people. It's something brand new to us, but we're doing well in that and we put 400 new people, productive people on the books in the first half of the year. We are devoting energy and resources to that. We are continuing to look at broker-dealer opportunities that may fit, as well to add on as we did last year with Brecek & Young as well as with Block, but in the asset management area, I would probably say this is an area that we would be looking for some reasonable size acquisition that would help really boost our domestic asset management activities or add to the capabilities we have with Threadneedle. Those are things that we'll continue to look at and pursue. They may come along in the short-term or they may not, but these are the areas that we always had a focus on. With the extra equity that we raised purposely for that, as you saw we're able to handle now even if the environment gets bad having the cushion necessary to deal with that and still being able now to pursue opportunities that may come along. And that's really what we're looking to so that we have that flexibility.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS : It seems like you have got most of the style boxes covered in the asset management. It would just be to get more scale, just kind of lever up that back office or do you think --?
Jim Cracchiolo:  I think with all of the depreciation of assets that have gone, I think a lot of us are feeling a bit of a pain of that and as you know when you have the lower assets, it does with your overhead you have a lot more capacity that you can manage. Yes, that would add and boost our profitability tremendously. Second, is it would expand our distribution if we figure out the right property, so that we can expand that more through third parties. In this time frame, even though you may be in all of the stall boxes, to have a level of even further diversity there and expand some of the products in these core areas I think is also helpful, particularly as you look to have a larger distribution.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: I was looking at the performance in the domestic funds. It looks like International is excellent. The one-years have come up a little bit, but the asset-weighted rankings and equity were only 39% and in fixed income was only 42, Jim. Are you disappointed? Is there anything you might want to do if you don't do an acquisition? Are there any changes that you're thinking you might need to make, because again, this is not a terrific one-year numbers?
Jim Cracchiolo: We were disappointed and still are to some extent. I think what we're finding is in our fixed income we're getting strong performance over the course of this year. As we ended last year, our portfolios were geared a certain way. We're starting to realize that performance. We're beginning to feel pretty good about the fixed income performance and how that will be boosted across a number of our core portfolios. I think in the equities, we're starting to see some good signs of life. We're not there fully yet, and now we have to continue to have that over a more prolonged period. We lost that, we had it for a period and then we lost that a bit a year ago. We want to sort of gain that back. We're not where we need to be, yet. Yes, we're still working hard on it. There's still a strong focus and we'll continue to make sure we can move the needle there. Now that in itself, we still feel there are opportunities for us to continue to add some good capabilities like Seligman. Even where we purchased Seligman, we lost some flows there, not because their performance was bad, but because everyone pulled back from sales in these environments, but now we are starting to get that back as well. Seligman performance is quite strong in a number of the key areas that has complimented ours. So, that's what we are going to continue to keep our focus on. Overall, as I said, yes, we are a bit disappointed. There is a lot more work that we need to do, but we do feel that there is a light at the end of the tunnel, if we can continue down this path.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Then just real quickly some numbers questions. You mentioned that $1.5 billion was redeployed from cash into investments. How much more impact can you get from that? Because I assume it all didn't happen on day one. What kind of investment income upside can we expect to see in the third quarter that we didn't see in the second? Then the next part of that question is you have about for the press release 3.8 billion of free cash. How much of that can you put to work in the near term and what kind of upside do you expect from that?
Walter Berman: Again, the yield on that was around six that we picked up and yields have really come down, but if that was deployed around the six range. As it relates to AAA, in the AAA, I just got a caution that there is 1.4 billion relating to the 900 million or 869 that we did on the equity raise and the 500 million that we did on the debt raising, which we have now committed 450 to. We believe there's still room to go and we're looking at it, but we cautiously evaluate it. We might be redeploying some more as we see the opportunity.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: It doesn't sound too massive and nothing like the 1.5 billion.
Walter Berman: As I told you, we were going to redeploy in this quarter and then we are going to evaluate and situate and we will do that, but we still have room to go.
Jim Cracchiolo : We have room to grow, Andrew. I think what Walter said is of the AAA, 400 we already targeted for the refunding of the debt. So you're down to $3.4 billion and then the 3.4 we did prior to the equity raise, we redeploy more, so we do have room. The question is how much of that do we want to put to long-term. How much do we want to maintain, both for combination liquidity or potential opportunities?
Walter Berman:  The other thing is obviously as we take you through, we generate a lot of investable income as we go through, so it's quite replenishable.  
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:   The distribution fees went from 431 in the first quarter down to 423 and you mentioned some improvements like the wrap flows and so forth. So I was kind of wondering, was the productivity there, or am I missing something by seeing that come down. I thought, I would see a little improvement in that number. No?
Laura Gagnon: A good portion of the distribution fees are actually asset base fees. So around half or so are asset base fees and the rest are transition. You are seeing the impact of the lower asset levels.
Jim Cracchiolo:  I would say Andrew that more of the activity came back in the latter part of the quarter than the beginning part of the quarter.  
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: That's understandable, because the asset values even went up. Then I should look for a pickup in 3Q assuming things are constant with where they are today. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. 
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: I just have two questions. The first one I just wanted to reconcile two comments on capital that were made on this call. I think, Jim, you just said that you did the equity deal. You've created some capital and now you have the ammunition to go out and do a deal and still maintain sizeable cushion in case the environment goes bad again. Then I didn't get a response to an earlier question, Walter, you had said that by definition all of the 2 billion plus excess capital is available if you wanted to do a deal. How do we reconcile those two statements because it seems like they both can't be true unless I'm missing something?
Jim Cracchiolo:  If we classify its access, we will go through our requirement and we will then evaluate the amount of capital asset and we come through and a lot of moving parts certainly is taking place. From that standpoint, it's a fact and circumstance when you're going to look at a transaction, sitting down looking at the environment, you're in discussing with the rating agencies and other things. From our standpoint, it is certainly available and then we would sit down and work with the rating agencies and others to ensure that we maintain the safety sounds on our ratings as we move through. Is that still confusing from that standpoint? 
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: No. I'm just wondering, is 2 billion really available and could you go out tomorrow and do a $2 billion deal, especially since you said that you have no intention of raising capital for M&A?
Walter Berman: The answer is yes and we have in excess of 2 billion but the question is we would sit down with the rating agencies also and ensure that everybody is comfortable looking at the transaction and ensure that even though it's available and it's there, from that standpoint we want to make sure our ratings are preserved but it is certainly from that stand available and we do have as our debt to capital ratios are quite good too, so we have backup there. We'll find the same methodology running and therefore when we say it's excess, it's like definition available subject to with the transaction you go through and then discussing it.
Jim Cracchiolo: Let me be very clear. We're not sitting at this point, depends on when it occurs and what type of deal is how we would think about it. It's not as though we're not going to be informed in the environment. What I did want to be clear on is that we could afford a reasonable size acquisition even if the market downturned a lot that would have impacted any of us that we would feel like we have to be on the sidelines. This equity raise gave us enough of a comfort to say that, we can still do a reasonable size acquisition. Now, if conditions continue to improve or stay where they are, then that acquisition amount could even be larger as part of what Walter said is up to the 2 billion or whatever without even raising more debt.
Walter Berman: Now, the other thing is, while we've estimated now for the [CTE 98] and other things, this is as of the markets as they look today and as we're evaluating. Obviously, as markets did change, we would have to then reevaluate what the excess would be at that particular time. It's real.
Jim Cracchiolo: The other thing, as we did include those sort of latter part of the year requirements from the rating agencies into this analysis that we just reflected to you.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: My second question is on a related topic and it gets to this issue of timing. Obviously, you said there is nothing on the table right now in terms of a deal. How long are you willing to sit with this additional capital waiting for something to come up? If something doesn’t come up, what alternatives do you have to redeploy it? Because it seems like the company's overall shift has been to migrate to less capital intensive businesses. If you couldn't redeploy it in an acquisition, what would you do with it?
Jim Cracchiolo: Prior to this market downturn, when we saw that we were sitting with some sizeable capital cushions, we bought back a tremendous amount of stock in periods. When acquisitions came up, which was in the middle part of last year before the downturn, we still maintained enough so that we could do those two acquisitions. Then the market downturned a lot and we felt that all of the excess capital that we had at that point, we wanted to maintain, so that we can handle the difficult environment and we feel that that gave us the ability to navigate it. Now what I would say is, at this point in time, we think the reason we raised it is because more opportunities will come along and we want the ability to go do it. I'm not saying that if I don't get an opportunity in the next month, I'm going to return it, but I think overtime if we didn't see good opportunities, or they weren't at reasonable appropriate prices that we can get the type of return we want for shareholders, then we would return it to you through buybacks, et cetera just like we did previously.  Hopefully, with the raise, we'll be able to do some of the things we wanted to do and this might be the right time to do it. Because of the accounting nuances, we had to go out before we would ideally like to, because we didn't have a deal on hand, but we wanted the ability to execute if the opportunity came along. If things don't overtime, we will definitely focus on driving up the return and giving it back to shareholders. We’re not going to do a bad deal, so I’d just be very clear, we’re not going to look to overpay to use the money.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Last comment on that very last statement that you made, last question, excuse me. When you said, we're not going to do a bad deal, would you accept earnings dilution for say the first year and consider that a well-priced deal?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I think the answer is, in certain respects including because of what happened with the market downturn, we accept the dilution even with the Block in the first year because in any deal of its size, you have integration in the first year. You're not going to get all of the synergies and the expense saves in that first year, so our plans are to have, it might be different, it may not be, but our plans would be that you possibly will suffer some dilution in the first year with accretion maybe in the second year, and that's really our focus. 
Operator: The next question comes from Colin Devine from Citigroup. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:   I have a couple questions; first, I just want to revisit the allocated equity in the annuity block and I'm trying to understand, Walter, how, if I look at how much equity you had against your VAs at the end of '06 before the market collapses about 2.1% of asset under management. Today it's 1.7 and yet you're in the money on the guarantees. Can you help me get through how come the allocated equity here is going down when the risk profile of the block has gone up with the markets? Isn't that a potential draw on the so-called excess capital?  The second thing, if we can just revisit what happened with the banking line and what is reasonable than earnings run rate going forward. I'm tremendously happy you've turned this thing around and you've made $28 million pretax, but what's realistically going forward? Finally on the fixed annuity line, the yield went up dramatically, and I’d like to understand how it was able to pop 80 points sequentially on that bigger block of assets. What are you out there buying that you were able to move the yard sticks that much? Thanks.
Walter Berman:  Let me go. On the fixed annuities as we told you, the [debts and] yields were ranging in the 7s and we feel very prudent, we really were able to pick off very good returns on that basis. We feel quite comfortable with the quality and yield and again, we managed the credit rate to the customer and relative to ensuring that we had returns that were way in excess of what we normally would get in this sort of anomaly on fixed annuities. What was your second question was --?
Colin Devine - Citigroup: It just seems like a very good move on a $15 billion block, but, okay, I’m just trying to reconcile that - 
Walter Berman: I'll do the best. I don't have the exact reconciliation on, but we certainly invested a substantial amount on the fixed annuities. I'll have to do the math to do the full reconciliation, we did that before. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Then the banking line if we can just touch on that to be clear because I think it was a big surprise to all of us, and then the allocated equity on the VA, it seems to be going down from where it was pre the market crash and I just like to understand that. That's not then a potential drain on the excess capital position and that it may not be that excess.
Walter Berman: No. Just let me get to that one. On that one when we were doing this, and this is [pre-mediate and the] rating agencies and going everything, what we have done that is on a CTE 90 on the allocated basis sitting on there, we picked up the CTE 98 into the corporate side of it because that was done later, so from that standpoint the excess we're talking about does cover all of the contingencies that we have and it certainly reflects the improvement that’s taken place from the end of the first quarter. We're comfortable with that positioning on it, and has as you know, a lot of moving parts going through it, but we've been through it. We've sat with the rating agency. We're still waiting to hear back, but certainly we feel comfortable with the positioning that we have set on that. As it relates to the bank, the investments on the bank and the profitability of the bank is certainly improved, and from that standpoint, I'm not going to run rate it, but certainly as we look at the investments and certificate in the bank, it is improving.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: There weren't any unusual items in there you would highlight?
Walter Berman: We will certainly revalidate that and we will check, but no, I do not believe there are unusual items in there. I will verify and get back because certainly when we speak to a lawyer, we will make sure if there is, we will communicate that out, but I don't believe that is.
Jim Cracchiolo: Just one thing before the next question, I just want to make sure I also say something regarding the last question we got regarding an acquisition. If we raise, we do evaluate whether we could, whether there is dilution in the first year because of integration and then accretion thereafter. If you assume that the equity raises already factored in and has caused a dilution, then there may not be further dilution, there might be some accretion compared to the dilution we already solved it. I'm just saying it will really depend on the deal, the size of the deal and the level of integration in the first year. I don't want someone to assume there might be further dilution on top of the dilution we already suffered from the equity raise. Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Jim, yes, just a quick follow-up on the point you just made. If I just run rate the earnings you reported this quarter, you raised equity at around 10 PE. Was your comment that if we used the 10 PE as the bogey for the block you're acquiring in terms of breakeven accretion dilution, that you may suffered according to that definition, but relative to what you're earning on the funds today, which presumably a lot of that's in cash. It would very likely be accretive relative to that lower bar. Is that what you're saying?
Jim Cracchiolo: There is an important point. Certainly the funds are deployed right now at a very low earning rate and we know that. The reality is when we do our analysis of that, we are looking at the transaction and I think we've said this. We look at it as if we use full equity at that point to looking it and then we are looking at is from the standpoint of using full cash. As a transaction, we have to make sure it meets our IRRs and elements there. We are not going to play off the fact. It has to be certainly beneficial on that standard.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Ultimately the measure of the economic value, the transaction will be measured relative to your cost of equity capital?
Jim Cracchiolo: That's exactly right.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: The next question I had, was I know there has been discussion, I think a couple of different times about shift to lower margin as management or advice and wealth management products. Can you comment on exactly what's going on? Is it money moving into cash or what exactly is the shift to lower margin products?
Walter Berman: What is happening in this phenomenal, it's been happening for a long. Actually it's beginning to shift back a little now. There was a tremendous shift into basically brokerage and short-term cash, which obviously has a low return characteristic to it but a lot of short-term cash. We were building a lot of cash on the brokerage and products which in this environment, certainly was not giving anywhere near the earning power of the equity driven products, but we're beginning to see a shift back now, a little.
Jim Cracchiolo : I think what Walter's comment is that the cash that either came in or if we moved to the sidelines that would have been normally deployed into things like wrap and other programs or funds was sitting there. Because the spread on that business is so low because of the short-term interest rates, we didn't have the earnings power on that as you would usually have even for cash. Now that it's starting to shift back, we'll start to pick up some of the earnings power from the product flows and as we invest some of the things particularly in the bank and certificate a bit more that we feel comfortable with the environment, we're starting to get some spread back. That's a better earnings spread and that's why the bank has turned to profitability. That's what we were talking about, but in the first part of the year, those was sitting in very short-term liquid and based on short-term rates, we weren't really capturing any spread on them.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: The next question I had was on overall net flows and then on performance fees. Certainly the overall net flow performance in asset management has improved. Just curious if there is anything unusual in there, or do you expect generally the trend to continue of at least breakeven to positive overall net flows. Then I guess, my question on performance fees was and I know it's typically a 4Q event for you and presumably it's the alternative portfolios that drop the bulk of that. I noticed in the international alternatives portfolio, unless this is a misprint, it looks like that overall fund was down, something like 25% plus for the quarter which seems a bit startling and I presume that means international, if that's correct, international performance fees on the alternative side won't be there, which means then you would be left with domestic but anyway, it's kind of a long-winded question. Can you address the net flow outlook as well as performance fees?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I'll let Laura on the performance just to sort of check the math there but on the flows, if I start with Threadneedle, we're seeing some good flows both in the retail and institutional. We're getting some mandates, their performance has been quite strong. It really depends on markets and circumstances but, we feel good about the activity that's beginning to occur there. Domestically, we've seen some positive flows in the business there in a sense of sales have picked up a bit where we were still holding redemptions but sales were lower. I’m assuming some of that coming back both in the institution and the retail side. It's hard for me to predict that going out, but at least it's turned more positive than it's been and hopefully with the improvements and some of the improvements also in performance like in the fixed area, we're hoping that will continue.
Laura Gagnon: I have two comments and Tom, I'll have to get back to you with more detail, but below the market performance line you'll see the foreign currency translation that's UK to US, but above there in the market, you're going to see all of the other translations that are taking it from their foreign investments and currency back to UK. I'll have to check and see how much of that is actual FX moves on the book. Then the other thing I wanted to point out is that a very material portion of those performance fees get paid back out again to the portfolio managers. While there is margin contributed by them, it's not as material as the gross fees.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Is it fair to say though, just based on overall performance, that the alternative portfolio internationally was quite poor in Q2? I just want to make sure, I'm not misreading that.
Laura Gagnon:  Without knowing what other currencies they might be compared to, I can't draw that conclusion, but I will do the research and get back to you.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: I just want to better understand the $600 million VA carvum] comment CTE98. My understanding, not that I can understand everything about the VA [carvum] coming at this yearend, it was not CTE98, it was something less onerous than that, so is this 600 million something else? Is this a rating agency driven number or can you just give some color on what the $600 million is represent?
Jim Cracchiolo: It's going to a higher standard. That is correct. From a rating agency perspective, that was the standard that we were using.
Walter Berman: If we are using CTE98 and that's since we default to the most restricted standard, that's the number we use now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Berg from Barclays Capital. 
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital:  My first question relates to just sort of how you organize your results. What is the difference between the reconciling items on the one hand between net income and core and core operating earnings on the one hand? In other words, those reconciling items on the one hand versus disclosed items on the other?
Walter Berman: Well, Eric, what we've done, I think, we'll try to do this in a very structured way, there are certain items that have continually impacted both as you look at, that are basically items that really don't reflect that we believe the ongoing nature of business, cap gains and impairments and everything of that nature has been excluded and that's one adjustment that has been standard. The others we put in there is obviously the integration course related to the acquisition. Because of all of the fluctuation that have taken place is it relates to the newer version, the 157 and those aspects that have been the ever. Then there comes items that just happen once off that aren't normal then where something comes through, and that's, those are the disclosed items. The other ones have been part of us and we're just trying to give you a flow since this is, especially if you look at as I said, we're just taking a look at 157, that impact we're trying to give you insight into understanding that.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Are disclosed items, Walter, a subset of the reconciliation between net and core operating?
Walter Berman: No. What happens is what we do is we go from reported with those standard items I just mentioned. Now, in there, now, then we get to core. Then you have within core some disclosed items, which we will then tell you about.
Jim Cracchiolo: Depending on how you run your analysis, you may say you didn't have factored that in against that because some of them are one time like a legal reserve or something like that that might be exceptional, which I think is the way we've been trying to do it for quite sometime.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: A couple more questions. Returning to the question about the amount of excess capital you have, if you were to sort of stop the clock right now and think about the $2 billion, it sure, it seems like, once again, I know the question has been asked, but it sure seems like the number is less than $2 billion. Because you have built an amount of funds here that contemplates a certain amount of potential deterioration. I'm thinking that the earlier question was really about sort of dividing the $2 billion between how much you could deploy if the balance sheet deteriorated and you had to use some of that between how much you could deploy if the balance sheet deteriorated on the one hand and how much you would need of the $2 billion to repair the balance sheet if it needed to be repaired. My question is, right now how much of the $2 billion is available, given that the possibility of a deterioration in the balance sheet?
Walter Berman: It is a balance sheet, so let's stop that's a period. It's as of this moment, and as of this moment, calculating all facts including the VA [carvum] and the CTE 98. Based upon where the markets are, we have in excess of $2 billion. Obviously one looks over the horizon and as you do it, so as we're contemplating the transaction as I said, we'll evaluate the circumstances we think we're heading into and look at that. It is based upon our calculations, which we then review with the rating agencies, the rating agencies then have to determine and, like I said, from that standpoint it's based upon reviews. We would then based upon a transaction or an event that would in the future could change the amount of excess as of that point in time. This period has $2 billion in excess, in excess of $2 billion. Now, let me go the other way. If the environment improves, now we could get to $3 billion. Then I can say, yes, as of this moment. Then if it goes down, we could then say we go down. Eric, it's a moment you look. Now, the question if you always put on the side for contingencies. Because remember, we're very conservative and we think we prudently manage our asset, so we don't take risks that the thing could come back to us while anything could hit us. We certainly have very effective hedging, we have liquidity so we try to minimize the amount of exposure and contingency, but as of this moment, that's what the excess is.  
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: See, I was thinking that you're saying to yourself something along the lines. We have 1.3 billion, and I'm just making up numbers to illustrate the point. I'm thinking that you're thinking to yourself we have 1.3 billion to do an acquisition and 700 million to plugholes or we have 1.4 billion and 600 million. That's the sort of breakdown that I was hoping you would have said.
Walter Berman: It's interesting, Eric, so let me use your example. If that's the case, and we have 1.3 billion to do something with and that left an excess of 700 million plus, yes, that would be one way to evaluate it and we would sit with the balance sheet committee and look at and say do we feel comfortable, contingencies and things like that and we will look at it and then we go and talk to rating agencies, about the transaction, in your case, that you're talking about. We would see how they would feel about our ratings and everything of that nature and say okay, but say a transaction was now $2 billion. That you would then have the similar conversation, and the question is while it's still in excess, what's your comfort level and that will be based upon a rise you're looking at, the situation you're looking at and everything of that nature. We may say, you know what, that's fine. We'll go to rating agencies and discuss, if they feel comfortable once we release a forward outlook. We don't have to cut into required capital to do it.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: All right.
Jim Cracchiolo:  Eric, I see your point and, again, I think you're right in your thinking that it really is dependent on the circumstances at the time. What we're just saying is this, at this point in time covering what we think of all the known requirements, based upon the quality of the balance sheet, knowing that we are comfortable with the situation we have, the liquidity, the investment portfolio, we're saying we have more than $2 billion of excess after all of those requirements. Now, we may choose that we could deploy all of that. We may choose to deploy some of it. We may choose if we needed to raise a bit of debt if we wanted to a along those lines, but what we're driving, conditions don't improve but get worse and there are some other factors that come on. We have money there if we don't deploy $2 billion fully in capital against that. If things could improve, we still have the ability to even do more. To your point raised, it will really depend on all of the facts and circumstances that deal itself, how we want to structure that appropriately? What Walter is describing that because people always ask what is your point in time of the excess, this is what the point and time is.
Walter Berman: I think, Eric, hopefully we feel we always demonstrate a degree of prudence as we evaluate.
Jim Cracchiolo: We did try to take into the other requirements again those things also affluent, but we try to take into account all of the requirements that we know about. Because some people said, well you have other requirements coming what does that look like, so we factored that into this analysis as we saw it today.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Last question, and much more straightforward and narrow one, getting back to the issue about the certificate company and the banking operation, can you build upon your earlier response, I guess, to Colin's question. If there were no unusual items, as best as you know in the banking operations, when you say that you made greater, something about investment. How was the bank operated differently in the June quarter versus the previous quarters that caused this swing from a loss over each in the last four quarters to a $20 million pretax profit? What did you do differently in running the business?
Jim Cracchiolo: There were impairments in some of the prior quarters.
Walter Berman: What we've done is through a series of looking at the bank, we had liquidity to deploy and we had different investment options that still met our liquidity requirements that gave us highest returns. Those were executed in the latter half of the first quarter that started paying us higher spread capabilities that still take into consideration our liquidity and meeting our liquidity test. It is basically just working pretty hard with the treasury group as it relates to investing and out and staying within our liquidity guidelines. We've invested out and we've also in very long-term, short-term in different ways which we'll now generate but certainly staying within, as we told you our liquidity positioning and that's sort of we've been factored that.
Operator: The final question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Two quick ones, one is just sort of a modeling question thinking about the 20% tax rate. Is that something that we should feel reasonably good about modeling out for forward years as well 2010, 2011, or is it going to be more gravitating higher assuming pretax income is going to grow?
Walter Berman: It will gravitate higher as PTI goes and we then of course, we come with our tax planning. It obviously will gravitate higher, that's what happened this time with the market improvement and the other tractions we were getting, we forecasted higher PTI and that's why we did catch up in the second quarter. It will gravitate higher.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I just wanted to follow-up and go all the way back to the beginning of the Q&A. I think John Hall had asked a little bit about margin targets for the asset management division. If you look back to 2006 or '07, it might have been 2007, the pretax margin there and there's probably some noise in the numbers, but it looked like it was about 17%, maybe 17.5%. Definitely in line and gravitating towards that 20 to 25 that you offered up earlier, but obviously asset levels were significantly higher. You've done the Seligman deal, since then expense cuts have come through, market is down, and there is a lot of moving parts. I guess my question is without a deal, because I don't think we can model anything that we can't see. With what you have today, what kind of timeframe are we looking at, if we just assumed a reasonable market, that normal long-term S&P, typical assumption of 2% a quarter or something? What kind of time frame are we looking at to get back towards that high teens, 20% sort of level? Is it in the next 18 months or is that more like the next three to five years?
Jim Cracchiolo:   There is a lot of parts that are moving because we have Seligman coming through now. would say my feeling on that, if the markets are improving at the 8% range and we're starting to get the traction on the net flows and the expense and we're still making heavy investments in the third party, so there also with the third party distribution. I'll probably guess it's a little longer than 18 months for sure and there will probably be, if I had to guess certainly in the timeframe probably in the three year timeframe. Again, assuming nothing else changes and I think that's reasonable.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I would just ask since there's been a lot of discussion, obviously there has been a lot of rumors out there. It seems to me that people are still very confused about how to think about or how you guys are thinking about dilution and accretion and there's discussion about the dilution, that's already in there from the equity raise. We've taken earning levels down to reflect that so maybe its accretion from here. I guess I’d just ask you, can you go through that maybe one more time, so that hopefully there is real clarity on what senior most management is thinking about in terms of hurdles?
Walter Berman:  What we would approach, forgetting whatever our issues now, when we do analysis, ten analysis that we do, we look at it both on two ends of the spectrum. We certainly look from the standpoint of using equity, on one end of the spectrum issuing new equity at that point. Then we evaluate the transaction itself, not trying to hide behind the earning power of the firm. We're trying to evaluate the transaction itself that it will have give us a return on a capital that meets our hurdles and heavily guided towards expense saves of that nature and not just going for revenue saves. As Jim says, we go for an outer marker of a two year accretion on that basis and we run it through both and then that is basically and it has to meet our hurdle rates. We have to meet our confidence rate that we can execute on that basis. Then you roll it into the whole company and then see what the implication is on EPS. The hurdle rate right now is 15 plus hurdle.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: So the hurdle rate is 15 plus percent after tax return?
Walter Berman: Yeah.
Laura Gagnon: I will be in my office for a large part of the rest of the evening. If anybody has any follow-up calls that number is 612-671-2080.
Jim Cracchiolo:  I want to thank you for staying late to ask your questions and understand a little more about our quarter. As I said, I do think that the company is in a good position. There is continued work, the markets are still what the markets are, but we're seeing some signs and we feel like we're in a good position. We have a solid core franchise that we can navigate and hopefully come out of this in a stronger way as things improve. I appreciate the time and Laura will take any of the questions. I hope we've been able to clarify some of the questions that you had. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Ameriprise Financial second quarter earnings conference call. This concludes your conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives:  Laura Gagnon - IR Jim Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter Berman - CFO
Analysts: John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach Colin Devine - Citigroup Andrew Kligerman - UBS Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management Eric Berg - Barclays Capital
Operator:  Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter earnings call of Ameriprise Financial. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Laura Gagnon. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you. Welcome to the Ameriprise Financial first quarter earnings call.  With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, our Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions.  During the call you may hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials, available on our website.  Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2008 annual report to shareholders, and our 2008 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our first quarter earnings discussion.  Even with the rally in the equity markets in March, the environment remained challenging and volatile during the first quarter. The S&P 500 was down 40% from a year ago and 12% just for the quarter, and macroeconomic data remained weak.  Considering this tough backdrop, we're pleased with how the company performed. Our earnings of $129 million or $0.58 per share demonstrate the resilience of our franchise, the continued strength of our balance sheet, and the actions we've taken to prepare the company for the current environment.  Of course, the weak conditions continue to affect our business. Owned, managed and administered asset decreased by 21% compared with a year ago as a result of the sharply lower equity markets, which impacts our revenue. And at the same time short-term interest rates remain near zero and credit spreads in certain industries are very wide, which continues to impact our net investment income and balance sheet.  Overall, our revenues were down by 14% to $1.7 billion compared with the first quarter of last year.  That said, our business fundamentals continue to be solid. Client and adviser retention are very strong. We're driving significant gains in experienced adviser recruitment. Our fixed annuities and certificate businesses are providing the safety clients are seeking. We've reduced expenses significantly, we've further strengthened our balance sheet, and we have increased our excess capital position and continue to maintain a large liquidity pool. So my message for you today is this: While the environment continues to be very difficult, as we've seen in the quarter, we are riding out the storm. We've generated reasonable earnings and continue to strengthen our financial foundation. I believe the company is well positioned both for the short-term challenges and to take advantage of a recovery.  With that in mind, let me talk about how we're managing for the near term and then I'll provide some insight into how the businesses are performing.  Our foundation remains stable and strong. We continue to feel good about our own asset portfolio despite the ongoing dislocation in the credit markets. In fact, we had only limited impacts to our investment portfolio and our net unrealized loss position strengthened during the quarter.  We're also continuing to manage our capital conservatively. Even after our three all-cash acquisitions in 2008, we finished the quarter with $1 billion plus in excess capital and we have a liquidity position of $5.8 billion in cash and cash equivalents.  I should note here that all four of the rating agencies that cover us have changed their outlook for Ameriprise to negative, which is consistent with the industrywide actions. At the same time, the agencies all reaffirmed our ratings while many others in the industry have been downgraded.  Because we expect the soft conditions to persist through this year, we further increased our efforts to reduce our costs. In fact, we now expect to achieve approximately $350 million in reengineering saves this year. We expect to deliver two-thirds of those saves to the bottom line and those bottom line savings will accelerate as we realize the benefits of the actions we've taken over the past several months.  For the quarter, general and administrative expenses were down 1% compared to last year, but keep in mind that the current quarter includes additional expenses associated with our acquisitions. Excluding those costs, general and administrative expenses would have been down by 15% compared to a year ago. I want to be clear that we are being thoughtful about where we cut expenses. We've been very careful not to affect the level of service we provide our clients and advisors. Now let me give you some insight into how our business is performing. The heart of our franchise, the close, personal relationships our advisers have with their clients, remains strong. Clients are recognizing the importance of our planning and advice model now more than ever and we think this demand will continue to grow as consumers reflect on the market dislocation and the recession.  In our adviser force we had three consecutive excellent quarters in experienced adviser recruitment. Established advisers are increasingly drawn to our choice of platforms because of the strength of our culture, our corporate stability, and the extensive support we provide. In March alone we brought in 95 new experienced advisers and we brought in approximately 200 in the quarter, which is more than we recruited in all of 2008.  You'll notice that our overall adviser number continues to slightly decline. That's because we dramatically reduced our recruitment of novice advisers to focus on the compelling opportunity to bring in highly productive experienced advisers. Now I'll move on to the product area. Owned, managed and administered assets declined by 21% compared with the first quarter of 2008, driven primarily by the market depreciation. With regard to flows, we generated strong fixed annuity and certificate sales as well as return to net inflows in wrap products, and we remain in net inflows in variable annuities. The strength in fixed annuities and certificates reflect an important element of our business model and its resilience. As clients have sought safety and fixed returns, we've been able to provide the range of products they need to shift their portfolios. It's important to note that the fixed annuity book will provide higher margins after the first year of the contracts, providing a base for future earnings growth.  Total asset management net outflows decreased to $0.3 billion or $300 million in the quarter compared to $8.7 billion in the fourth quarter of last year and $5.2 billion a year ago. In the domestic business, mutual fund net outflows improved sequentially and we drove solid net inflows in institutional asset management.  At Threadneedle, overall flows, including net inflows in both the retail and institutional higher margin businesses, were offset by outflows in the lower margin Zurich-related assets. Total Threadneedle net outflows decreased to $322 million compared to net outflows of $6.6 billion a quarter ago. Investment performance at Threadneedle remained very strong, especially in equities, where 87% of the funds were above medium over the three years.  In terms of domestic investment performance, most of our funds are positioned for an economic recovery so their performance has been strong since the markets began to rebound in March. Our fixed income teams continue to generate solid performance, with 77% of funds above the median for one year, a 7% increase over December. Equity performance continues to be mixed. We have pockets of strength, for example, in our value funds and at Seligman, but we also have areas of continued weakness. In the insurance business, cash sales continue to be impacted by clients' reluctance to invest cash in long-term products, a trend that we expect to improve as we experience the recovery. Still, life insurance in force was up 2% over a year ago to $192 billion.  The auto and home business continues to perform quite strongly, too. Premiums increased 5% compared to a year ago, while total policies increased 6%. Our combined ratio in that business decreased by 2.2% compared with both the year ago and the sequential quarter.  To summarize, the environment remained very challenging in the first quarter, but we demonstrated the resilience of our business model and the strength of our foundation. We reduced expenses and further strengthened our balance sheet so that we could weather the economic and market storms.  At the same time, we have continued to execute our strategy and invest in the business so that we have leverage necessary to take advantage of improving conditions. Our diversified business model, centered on deep client adviser relationships, is intact and performing well given the environment, and it is underpinned by an increasingly strong financial foundation.  Now I'll turn it over to Walter for more detail on the quarter and then we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman: Thanks, Jim. We have posted slides on our website again this quarter and these slides will be updated with my talking points after the call.  If you will turn to Slide 2, my discussion today will focus on four topics - business metrics, earnings, balance sheet strength, and the accounting changes we adopted in the quarter.  In the quarter, activity metrics continued to reflect the market dislocation and lower client activity, but flows and adviser metrics trends are encouraging. The first quarter results reflected the volatile markets and headwinds created by those markets. We achieved a $0.58 reported per share profit and core operating EPS was $0.60 per share. Finally, the balance sheet fundamentals remain strong and we adopted [FSP No. 157-4], Additional Guidance Relating To Fair Value In Recognition of Credit-Related Impairments. Turning to Page 3, for the quarter all advice and wealth management metrics continued to be impacted by external markets. Clients continued to shift to defensive products, focusing on fixed annuities, universal life, brokerage cash, deposits, and certificate products. Sales of mutual funds, variable annuities, variable universal life and other insurance products are being negatively impacted by this shift. Mutual fund redemptions are stable and consistent with historical trends and in the quarter we experienced both strong core adviser trends and positive retail flows. Turning to Slide 4, this slide shows the details of the favorable adviser and client trends. Client retention remains at 94%, with an increasing portion of client acquisitions coming from newly appointed experienced advisers. The adviser retention chart indicates the improved pattern. Franchisee retention is stable at 93% despite senior advisers managing their headcount through the market dislocation.  The retention of our most senior and productive advisers remains at all-time highs. Employee retention has increased from 61% in the year ago period to 72%. This reflects the higher retention of the H&R Block financial advisers. Even excluding these advisers, our retention increased to 66%.  In the first quarter, branded experienced adviser additions were approximately 200, more than we recorded in the full year of 2008. The pipeline of potential recruits remains strong. These advisers contribute to profitability much more quickly than novice advisers, who come to us with no existing books of business.  On Slide 5 you can see the improvements in flows. Variable annuity flows have accelerated over the prior year, driven by substantial fixed annuity net inflows. First quarter fixed annuity inflows were $1.5 billion. As expected, variable annuity net flows declined to $300 million.  Wrap net inflows of $1.3 billion were flat compared with first quarter 2008, but up substantially from the fourth quarter. And asset management flows are improving Threadneedle flows, increasing net inflows from retail of $642 million and substantially lower net outflows from institutions. RiverSource flows include diminished retail and net outflows of $1.3 billion and inflows in institutional and trust. Approximately $2.2 billion of institutional net inflows were related to the strong retail client flows in deposit products and fixed annuities.  Slide 6 provides context for the external market dislocation in the quarter. The S&P 500 Index declined 12% in the quarter and 40% compared to last year. The lower asset levels and fees resulting from this decline are estimated to have lowered core earnings by $94 million or $0.42 per share compared to last year. Also, increased levels of liquidity, combined with a 190 basis point drop in short-term rates, reduced our core earnings for the quarter by $46 million or $0.20 per share compared to last year.  Market conditions also exacerbated the dilution we anticipated from our acquisitions. In addition to integration charges, the core operating losses attributed to the acquisitions was $12 million in the quarter.  The same dislocation driving the negative impacts I've just referred to provided us an opportunity to generate a profit of $33 million by repurchasing our hybrid securities. On Slide 7 I'll provide more detail on specific non-core items in the quarter. The net impact of non-core items was down substantially. In the quarter we recorded $0.01 in net investment gains compared to $0.07 in realized losses last year. We recorded $0.05 of acquisition related to integration charges, which is on track with our plan.  DAC [mean reversion] negatively impacted our results by $0.14 per share compared to a negative impact of $0.08 in the prior year period. Offsetting that loss was a $0.16 per share gain on variable annuities primarily from FAS 157 credit defaults spread widening.  Excluding the $0.02 per share negative impact of these non-core elements, core operating EPS was $0.60 per share compared to $0.99 last year.  Turning to Page 9, in the quarter our G&A expenses fell 1%. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, G&A was down 15% from the prior year. We anticipate that we will generate over $350 million in reengineering saves in 2009, with over two-thirds of that estimated to fall to the bottom line. The savings represents the reengineering generated by our plans announced in the fourth quarter earning call plus additional actions in response to the market decline in the first quarter. In addition, we expect the full year impact in 2010 to be over $100 million higher than what we realize in 2009. On Slide 9 you can see that we continued to maintain strong balance sheet fundamentals. First, our free cash liquidity pool remained over $4 billion even after redeploying over $3.2 million of cash into longer-term investments. Our first debt maturity is November of 2010 and we have no reliance on short-term institutional funding. In addition, we have access to lines of credit at both the holding company and subsidiary levels. We maintained a conservative capital position with more than $1 billion of excess capital and our ratios continue to remain strong. Our variable annuity hedging also continues to perform within our tolerance levels.  The net change in values of assets and liabilities was significantly impacted by FAS 157, Credit Default Spread Widening. However, the after-DAC, after-tax benefit from variable annuities were mostly offset by the impact of mean reversion on DAC.  Finally, we had good investment asset performance and, in fact, our net unrealized losses actually decreased in the quarter. I'll provide more detail on this shortly. Our balance sheet numbers were impacted by our adoption of FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-4. These new guidelines provide for the credit-related portion of other than temporary impairments to be reported in earnings and the non-credit-related portion of valuation change to be reported as an unrealized loss in other comprehensive income. At adoption retained earnings will be adjusted to eliminate the impact of the non-credit portion for items previously impaired. This amount did create an increase in the corresponding unrealized losses and other comprehensive income. Expected principal losses are discounted using expected interest rates to determine the amounts of OTTI recognized through earnings.  We also adopted FSP No. 157-4, which provides additional guidance for fair value determination when markets are less active. Our historic valuation practices were consistent with the FSP, so this adoption did not impact our numbers.  On the next slide you can see how the adoption of the new FSPs impacted our balance sheet. As the chart indicates, pre adoption our unrealized losses would have decreased by $224 million. Post adoption, our unrealized losses were essentially flat. There is a corresponding increase in our retained earnings due to the reclassification of non-credit-related impairments. Also in the quarter we recognized $47 million of pre-tax impairments. The adoption increased the impairments that will be recognized by $15 million.  If you turn to the next slide, No. 10, you will see a fair amount of detail on our net unrealized loss position, which is $1.82 billion in total or $1.96 billion excluding government-backed securities. Unrealized losses after tax as a percent of equity excluding AOCI was 16%, one of the lowest in the industry. These unrealized losses continue to reflect high discount rate assumptions on valuations and the wide spreads in the corporate sector.  Even when you add unrealized losses, we compare very favorably to our peers. We believe these marks reflect the underlying strength of our investment portfolio. Approximately half of the unrealized losses are in the corporate credits based upon continuing overall spread widening.  On our website you'll find the underlying details relating to each of these categories. I'll go over this to create transparency and allow you to form your opinion as to the quality of the remaining portfolio.  On Slide 11 you'll see a few key facts about our investments. I would encourage you to look at the complete disclosures on the web. This slide is basically unchanged since last quarter because the quality of the portfolio remains high, so I won't go through every line, but I'd like to highlight a couple of important areas.  CMBS is first. We are quite comfortable with our CMBS portfolio due to its vintage, its rating profile, which almost 30% is government backed and the remainder AAA. One bond, $7 million in cost, is now rated AA. We have been investing in the market primarily in the 2005 vintages with AAA ratings.  Also, direct commercial mortgage holdings continue to maintain solid loan-to-value ratios, coverage and performance characteristics. LTVs have increased sequentially from 53% to 59% due to increases in cap rates. Five mortgages with a book value of $20 million are classified as Level 4, the equivalent to our watch list.  If you turn to Slide 7, to conclude let me cover where we focus from here. In short, we will focus on what we can control. We will continue to evaluate trends. The market remains volatile and challenging, but we are beginning to see some signs of underlying important in our client activity and flows.  We will continue to focus on maintaining our balance sheet strength to help us weather the markets as well as position us to take advantage of emerging opportunities. We will continue to rely on reengineering and prudent expense management to mitigate the market impacts on our margins. And we will focus on capitalizing on opportunities that present themselves, including recruiting experienced advisers in the midst of other firms' turmoil, increasing financial planning penetration as clients' needs grow, leveraging our existing spread products to meet client needs, redeploying excess liquidity and new cash flows in the attractive yield environment, and redesigning products to improve risk-return balance. With that, I'd like to open it for questions, Operator.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach: A couple quick questions, maybe one high level one, thinking about the FASB changes, and then maybe a couple of quick ones on the annuity line, if I could. On FASB, did you shift anything from Level 1 or 2 to Level 3 and market any differently as a result of the changes from FAS 157?
Walter Berman: No.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach:  A question on the annuity segment, maybe a little bit detailed here. I'm looking at the slide in your supplement that walks through all the disclosed items and I'm looking at the annuity line and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs. And if I make the adjustments for the couple of items there and adjust that versus your reported number, it looks like DAC amortization in the quarter what you would have us think or what you would refer to us as a normal DAC number ex those items was $38 million and I can't remember a quarter where your DAC amortization was that low.  Is there some way maybe you can give us a little bit more detail about how to think about that? Is that a function of your shift to a reversion to the mean or is there something else there?
Walter Berman: No, it is lower but it relates to the [inaudible] profit and lower surrenders, so it corresponds to that. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach:  And then just thinking similarly around the benefits line in the annuities segment, again, if we look at the negative benefits number on a reported basis and then adjust for those one-time items, we get to a normalized level of benefits of about $65 million pre-tax. Similarly, that seems relative low. 
Walter Berman: Well, the benefits, again, that you're getting the impact of the FAS 157 coming through.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach:  Walter, I’m adjusting for those one-time items from the disclosed items page, so if I take the reported number - 
Laura Gagnon:  I'm getting a slightly different - actually a higher - benefits number and a different DAC amortization numbers, so we can take it up after the call. I can reconcile it with you.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach:  The last item would be just to think about your definition of core earnings. I know you're guiding us to think about $0.60, but there's a benefit in there from the early retirement of the debt. Is there some reason why we should think about that as ongoing? And then secondly on that, can you just talk to us about what your normal tax rate was in the quarter? Even if I adjust for the 35% statutory rate on the one-timers, it looks like the tax rate in the quarter was extremely low.
Walter Berman: Yes, the tax rate has been low and it's been low for quite some time as we do effective tax planning.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach:  Maybe you can help us with how to think about that going forward, then?
Walter Berman: Well, I think we have given previous advice. Obviously, with the market situation as the PTI comes down you'll have a lower effective tax rate. Our previous guidance has been in the lower 20s and I think now that gets adjusted down to the lowest PTI, again, depending where markets go. So it will drop into the teens. Now as relates to the hybrid - I think you said retirement hybrid - I guess the way I look at it and obviously each person will have to form their own judgment, the conditions that created basically the drop in our core earnings, which we relate to equity markets and the spread, earning 20 basis points versus 200 basis points, and certainly the need to maintain a large liquidity pool, created the opportunity to generate and purchase our debt at $0.50 on $1. So is it going to be reoccurring? I think it's the same dislocation that's causing both.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agree & Leach:  Okay, I understand what you're saying. So equity markets return to a normal level, that sort of thing, we don't necessarily have a debt gain but we have the ability to earn better from just a core perspective. Got it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Colin Devine - Citigroup.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: I'd like to come back to the annuity line because it seems to me, Walter, in trying to just work through the numbers - and obviously, for advice and wealth management and asset management, a tough quarter but certainly expected given the markets - but when you talk about FAS 157 adjustment, did you use a much higher discount rate this quarter to value the VA liability and that's why we've got this gain? Because I thought you did that in the third quarter, then you took that off in the fourth quarter.  And are we back to using a wider discount rate because if we just want to total up benefits and DAC, your run rate's $160 to $180 million a quarter. It's pretty steady between the two. This looks to be a fairly significant swing off that, so if you can just help me through this.  
Walter Berman: Yes, well I think if you take a look the spreads did widen and obviously we're guided by the correlation that it creates between the insurance and the holding companies as we use comps to do that, so there's really not too much leeway on that. And obviously there was a substantial widening. I believe it went as high as 325 up from, I think, 225. That creates a fairly big gross factor when you adjust on the liabilities. When you finish through the DACing of that, it actually gets down to an appreciably small number that's about $70 some odd million. Then when you take into consideration the normal mean reversion and the death benefits, it pretty much neutralizes through.
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  But if we put this together, isn't the bottom line here the swing's about $80 million off any kind of run rate. I'm confused as to why you used the lower discount rate in the fourth quarter and now it's come back up again in the fore, which seems to have been what's driven this big swing in the expense line, unless I'm misinterpreting what you're saying.
Walter Berman: Are you doing the discount rate on the FAS 157?
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  How you're valuing your living benefit liability. Is that what's driving the swing in this benefit line?
Walter Berman: The benefit line is being impacted, yes, by the 157, the [inaudible] yes. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Then am I mistaken - 
Laura Gagnon: It's also the DAC - the total net expense change in the annuity segment, it's down $13 million pre-tax. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Hold on. Maybe you can walk me through, then, what happened in the third quarter versus the fourth versus the first here and why this extreme volatility because this is what's moving the whole earnings for the company up and down.
Walter Berman: You want me to go back and reconcile the third and the fourth on this call?
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Well, what I thought you'd done in the third was used a higher discount rate and you'd reversed that decision in the fourth, and now it looks like you've used a higher discount rate here in the first. Is that mistaken and if it is, then I got it wrong, but that's what I thought had happened in the fourth, which is why we saw the expense line come back up.
Laura Gagnon: What we reversed in the fourth quarter was actually the DAC. We said that the FAS 157 conceptually will reverse itself. The spreads continue to widen so whatever the market does we have to carry into our valuation, but we don't have to assume they're going to stay there for our gross profits forecast.  So that's one of the reasons why, when you look at this impact, the variable annuity benefit impact in the C pages, you're seeing a much higher percentage of DAC offset because we do not expect it to stay.  We don't have a lot of options around the impact the spreads have on how we value our liabilities; we have to employ the guidelines under FAS 157. And the fact was that financial spreads widened in the quarter. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  So what you're saying is that if we see spreads come in, we're going to see this negative $129 million expense, there's a really good chance that whole thing is going to reverse out?
Walter Berman: Yes, it will reverse. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  I'm trying to get at what are the economics here as to what's exactly going on with this block because I don't think this represents the economics. I'm not debating the accounting with you.
Walter Berman: Well, I don’t make the rules on the 157. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  I'm trying to get the economics, Walter. 
Walter Berman: Well, the economics are being reflected by the fact is, so to your point, as it will narrow, what you would then get is a reversal of the DAC going the other way and it will mitigate it coming back as it goes through. And that's what we're trying to manage through.  [Inaudible] given on it, the economics, candidly, as we talked about, Colin, to me 157's an interesting philosophy as it relates to setting up credit default swaps for your paper. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  But what you're saying here then is in terms of what helped earnings this quarter for the company was the wider spreads, debt spreads, here on the VA line and then also your ability to buy in the debt at a steep discount. So those two things helped and [inaudible] markets being down pushed it the other way.
Walter Berman: Colin, let me say what I think it is and then you can see if we're in agreement or not.  There is no question we got a benefit, as I said, from the credit spreads widening, okay? And that was reflected in the living benefits. Offsetting that was really the DAC reversion and the death benefits, which basically negate down. So the benefit to the bottom line was really not significant when you take into consideration both elements. As it relates to the element, as I explained before, yes, there is a benefit on the hybrid, but we're also carrying $0.62 worth of deterioration, which is the same dislocation that is causing me the capability of buying my hybrid in is causing me to carry huge liquidity pools at very low rates and actually suffering the impacts of the market. So yes, I am taking advantage of the other side of it. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Okay, and I have just some final - 
Walter Berman: [Inaudible] capital structure to do it.
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Okay. And then the final, a different topic, do you have any update, Jim, in terms of the federal government programs and Ameriprise's position on what might be available since we have a few new ones since the fourth quarter?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, you know, regarding the TARP itself, we have heard nothing from the government. As you know, we applied when the government said that they wanted healthy companies to apply and we did that looking for continued ways to invest in our company potentially with the use of those funds.  As you know and we just stated again, our capital position remains strong, our investment portfolio's of high quality, and so if those programs present opportunities we'd be interested, otherwise we think that we're in good shape. Regarding some of the other particular programs we're looking at from an investment perspective depending on what are the sort of guidelines and the sort of attachments to those things, including for our own clients to invest in some of those activities that we've managed the money in those programs. So those are the things we're exploring from an opportunity perspective, but again, we're trying to analyze what sort of stipulations the government has on those various programs as well because we feel that we're in good shape and we want to be able to control our destiny.
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Then you are still asking for TARP funds as we stand here today?
Jim Cracchiolo: We put in an application last year when the government said they wanted all good companies to apply. We have not heard anything, we have not done anything, and I'm not saying at this point in time it's still our viewpoint that we will take the funds. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  You've not withdrawn it, though? You've not withdrawn the application?
Jim Cracchiolo: No, not at this point in time because I think everything's sort of a wait and see on things, so we didn't have to make any decisions on it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Kligerman - UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Let me start with some of the easier ones and then work to the DAC question and hopefully we can hit that real easily. One, on the excess capital, Jim and Walter, you state more than $1 billion. Could you give a little clarity around one, what your RBC ratio was at the end of the quarter, and two, how you get to that $1 billion plus number?
Jim Cracchiolo: The RBC ratio at the end of the quarter was a bit over 500. 
Walter Berman: Yes, [ex the 798] S&P. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Ex 798. 
Jim Cracchiolo: And again, you know this is estimates, very rough. It's in that range. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  When I calculate that now I get a lot more than just greater than $1 billion. I probably get more than $1.2 billion, maybe even more than $1.3 billion, just back of the envelope. Am I out of the ballpark?
Walter Berman: We said $1 billion plus. It's a conservative number. As you know from our past, we've always not given an actual number out. But I would say it's a conservative number. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Then shifting to the statistical supplement, Page 10 of 49, the management and financial advise fees just kind of keep dribbling down. They were $367 million in the first quarter of '08, they fell to $292 million in the fourth quarter of '08, and now you're at about $268 million. Can you give a little color on where you think that kind of bottoming point is, what might drive it up, just a little more color around that one?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, you know, I think, as we've said to you in the past, when you have very volatile markets, the client really holds back. They sort of sit on the sidelines a little bit. We see money coming, as we said, some of the flows picked up in the first quarter a little bit. Some monies were redeployed back into equity markets, but a lot more was going into more fixed-type spread products.  And so I think what you're seeing is really slow client activity as well as the depreciating markets on the assets under management that they generate fee revenue from in their wrap accounts.  So if we see the markets improve, those fees will come back very quickly because the assets are still there. If on the chance that the markets do settle, there's a direction to the markets that people feel a little more comfortable with, we think a lot more money will go back to work.  So, you know, I would just say I think the fourth quarter/first quarter looks like some of the low point, look like activity improved a bit in March. It really dropped off, as you would imagine, in January and February, as it did in December, so I think some of that started to come back a little bit but until there's a better direction to the market or at least when the client and the adviser feel there's some floor under it, I think that we'll have slow activity. Once that occurs I think that'll start to pick up.  More activity right now is going into the spread products. That has picked up and continues to come in that way.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Now I'm just going to take my shot at the DAC question and hopefully keep it really tight here. Before the quarter, my team and I, we were looking at Page 76 of the 10-K and it provided a hypothetical DAC impact if the equity markets declined roughly 10% which, you know, maybe we were in that ballpark in the quarter. And the sense was that you would see a $160 million DAC and DSIC amortization hit as a result of that, and most of it would happen in the quarter when we discussed that with management. So then when we went to the reconciliation page, there was only a $46 million negative hit.  So part one of it is why the differential there from the guidance around DAC? I would think that would be fairly straightforward. That's the part one. The part two is this variable annuity rider issue that I think Colin was getting into. And in that same hypothetical, a 10% drop in the market, you would see a $58 million negative hit. Now you mentioned the effect of spreads widening. That was written in the release; it's what you've just touched on. And the benefit was, I think, per this reconciliation page, $54 million.  So the question on the spread widening, where? Could you give a little color on exactly or isolate out where that widening is to be observed?
Walter Berman: The widening in the market is being observed?
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Yes. I mean, I didn't see such a widening from point to point.
Walter Berman: Oh, okay. That one is easy because basically what we do is we use comps and basically we look at insurance comps that have basically holding companies and an insurance company and you look at the differentials. And during those differentials on that basis they widen and they widen substantially. Yeah, you basically look at basically, you know, holding company and the insurance operating company, you look at the spread differentials and then we basically extrapolate on that basis. We don't issue basically out of our insurance company. And that's the way we create the spread situation.  And that is done based on a series of comps that we look at and those comps widened in the quarter, as you would imagine, and that becomes the basis on which we do the calculation.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Maybe later on I could take a look - 
Walter Berman: Yes, I think we could take you offline and take you through that. 
Laura Gagnon: One thing I would like to point out, Andrew, is that the numbers you're referring to in this 10-K are annual numbers.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Yes, but when we discussed with management, the indication was that maybe 90% of the number would flow through to the quarter. That was the feedback, unless I misinterpreted it. But I got the sense 90% of the numbers we see here should flow through into the quarter. I thought that was pretty clear, but we could follow up if you want.
Laura Gagnon: Yes, I think you were to the point, this is just the equity decline and not the other factors you were talking about. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  So the DAC number as well involves other variables, including that credit spread widening? Is that right?
Walter Berman: No. The DAC is a straight on [inaudible] DAC. Like I said, you know, in the quarter we basically evaluated what dropped in the marketplace, the drop that took place in the quarter, and then we basically are spreading the near-term rates and we're spreading that drop over the next five years, which we use for our mean reversion. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS:  Right, okay, so there were a number of other factors aside of that basic 10% hypothetical then?
Walter Berman: And like I said, we can take offline, reconcile it and try and get you back to some good numbers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Maybe we can focus on the operating business a little bit. A question about the 200 experienced advisers that you recruited in the quarter. Can you give us a sense where they're coming from? Just describe maybe the companies that they left. And then, in other words, were they the large warehouses or more regional firms? And then any sense of how their productivity would compare to the advisers that you have? Are they employee adviser type or franchisee adviser? Just some general thoughts on that. And then separately, I think you talked a little bit about this but I'm not so sure that I have a clean sense. Just you talked about activity picking up in March relative to February and January, but can you give us a sense of how things have trended so far? I know it's still only a couple of weeks, but in April? Other companies that have reported first quarter results have talked a little bit about things maybe improving a little bit more in April. Are you seeing that yet or are your clients still pretty much on the sidelines?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I think the first is on the recruiting end. It's coming from all the major houses - Merrill, UBS, Wachovia, Banc of America. So I think the talent is coming in from a number of different places, and we see the pipeline continue to be there. The productivity really is consistent with our overall productivity that we have in the house. It ranges in the type of advisers, from a few 100 to [break in audio] but mainly we're probably talking in the 300 to 500 range is where we're attracting people that sort of fit with the type of franchise and the type of offers we're making based on also the type of business they want to do, which is more planning and advice-based, fee-based business. And so we think that we're attracting a segment that really is appropriate for us.  Regarding activity, I think we're seeing it a bit consistent with what we saw in March and a bit of a pickup but, again, it's not where we were back to old levels by any stretch of the imagination because, as you know, a lot of our business is not transaction business, it's fee-based business and therefore a lot is based on the asset levels there. And so people deploy money more to it over time; we don't get big increases immediately.  Where we're seeing more transactions is, as I said, more in the fixed product right now. As we saw, variable annuities on the equity side have slowed down, but it's really growing in fixed. We did move good inflows back into the wrap products in the first quarter but, again, those aren't the type of inflows compared to what we used to have in the past.  So I think on one end it's a positive; on the other end, we're not saying that it's off to the races at this point in time.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein:  In your answer to my question you mentioned 300 to 500 something and I don't know what that something is. Can you just expand that.
Jim Cracchiolo: In production, overall production, so looking at trailing 12-month production levels. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: First, not to beat a dead horse here but back on the annuity segment, excluding the FAS 157 adjustment can you talk a little bit about how your hedge asset performed relative to the change in the variable annuity liability because obviously, based on the magnitude of 157, it's a little bit difficult to figure that out. 
Walter Berman: Actually, considering the volatility that took place because obviously if you just look at the two end points it doesn't look like the liabilities moved as much as they did, within that element, actually the hedges performed within our tolerances, which are in the 95% range.  But, again, you have to take all the points between the beginning point and the end point. The hedges actually work reasonably effectively. Certainly, it's a big swing that took place, but we were comfortable with it. 
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  So no big deviation, is that fair to say?
Walter Berman: That is fair to say.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  Just a follow up question on that. You know, one thing we've been hearing from our derivatives desk is the supply of long-dated hedges is effectively done right now, so just curious, how do you think about managing the risk on what's effectively a long-term option you're giving to the client when the ability to hedge it on the other side appears to be, if not gone, very difficult right now?
Walter Berman: Well, you know, we've heard that also in working with our risk management people. We have not experienced that. We are still getting the ability to cover our hedging.  Remember, the volumes are down and things of that nature on the variable annuities, substantially down, so it's easier and at this time we've slowed down the hedging.  But we still continue to get hedges where we adjust our book and manage them.
Jim Cracchiolo: And we continue to be very focused. We also made sure, you know, with the lower volumes activity, the change in price, but we also will be changing our product set over the next few months as well. So in the interim period we feel we could manage for the level of activity we have as well as the hedges that we already have on the books.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  And then last question is just on your excess capital. I know you'd talked about having more than $1 billion. I presume that does not include the $500 million of hold co cash and if that's true can you just talk about what are your annual cash flow needs at the holding company? Is it substantially less than $500 million? Can you just remind us?
Walter Berman: It is substantially less than the $500 million. Obviously, we have good dividend flow coming in from all the subs and our debt service is in the 150 range. So on that basis it is substantially below the 500 we have and we constantly replenish it though [dividend].  I didn't get the first portion of your question about the 500. Can you repeat that, I'm sorry.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  The only question is should we consider then some portion of the $500 million as excess?
Walter Berman: Yes, absolutely. When we go through our calculation, actually the majority of our excess capital is outside the insurance company, actually. 
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  The majority is outside the insurance company?
Walter Berman: That's correct. 
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  Then I guess I'm having trouble reconciling that because you're talking about a 500% risk-based capital in the insurance subsidiary, which would imply effectively all of your excess capital is there.  So you're saying you have $1 billion in addition to that?
Walter Berman: No, I said majority. We use factor base on that and when we analyze on a factor-based situation there is excess in the insurance company, but not to the level that you would calculate using a cash flow tested basis. So we strictly use a factor base, which creates a lower capital environment, a lower excess position at the insurance. And we have our excess capital positioned at the holding company and we also have it at the other subsidiaries. 
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  So just to make sure I'm clear, so the 500 RBC plus suggests you need to maintain something close to 500 just because you're saying - 
Walter Berman: No, no. Remember, you get into - that gets into cash flow test base. We are looking at it on a factor base and on a factor base we have excess, but it is not at the level that, you know, when you do your calculation. We translate it through on factor base.
Jim Cracchiolo: I would just say this: We're not reconciling to $1 billion. There is more than $1 billion in capital. There is excess in the life company, there's excess at the holding company, and we also have money in the other subs. 
Laura Gagnon: I'd like to interrupt just with a response on the 10-K disclosures. I think this might help everybody in interpreting this number going forward. In our 10-K disclosures we do not increase our near-term equity rate assumption. So you're looking at a 10% drop over the full five years and not only do we not assume a [break in audio] but also that the equity markets stay flat for the next 12 months.
Walter Berman: So it's extremely conservative.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management.
Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management: Can you comment on your strategy to improve your investment performance in your equity mutual fund?
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. First of all, we have seen some nice improvements. As we said, first of all, Threadneedle is performing very well, very strong, and that's consistent. Our fixed income product have improved nicely and is actually performing quite well. We have improvement in some of our value area. The tech area [inaudible] have been strong. Some of their value and growth is still good.  We are still weak in a few of our core products and we're focused on that right now and making adjustments to our portfolios and looking at also the positions for the longer term.  So people are working at it, but it's not where we want it to be right now and we'll continue to look at how we can improve that and continue to look at some opportunities to complement what we have in place.
Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management:  The second question is: Can you give a bit more color on the recruitment of experienced advisers in terms of how their contracts are structured and whether they become profitable in their first year or how that all kind of plays out?
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, the experienced recruits, we only put a portion of their package upfront. Activity has to occur, they have to bring over assets, their productivity has to hit certain levels to get their greater amount of incentives.  We have arranged this so that we have a very good return on investment here, but it doesn't necessarily give you a return in the first year because people are transitioning over, they're bringing their book, then they've got to get under way in activity.  So we've clearly not set this up so that it is set that we have to earn money in the first year on it, but we've compared it to particularly novice recruitment, etc., and it gives us much better returns. So by just shifting our resources and commitment to this area we'll actually improve our return tremendously from where we used to be with novice recruitment and development, particularly in a market like this. So we think it's a win-win for us and we did set this up so that it's not all upfront where we would put much at risk. We think that what we put at risk versus what the transition and the adviser would need to do is very balanced. 
Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management:  And one final question, just to get back to the annuity segment. If equity markets remain flat for the foreseeable future, what impact would that have on earnings from variable annuities?
Walter Berman: Remain flat from this point on?
Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management:  Yes, I mean for a few years let's say. What would be the impact on earnings from variable annuities?
Walter Berman: I can't give you the exact number. It would have a negative impact, obviously, because the assumptions are predicated on normal growth of the markets. 
Jim Cracchiolo: It would hit us through the DAC being [reversed]. That would assume that markets do grow because you're tied to the equity markets, so if they didn't grow we would have to take another DAC reversion hit.
Walter Berman:  Right. And so when you go through your initial period, obviously one thing, but you get to your long-term rate, which is assuming 9% growth on equity markets - actually it's less dividends. So it would have a big impact, yes. 
Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management:  There's no way you can help us in terms of kind of tying it to what's happened in the last few quarters?
Walter Berman: Well, the impact that you saw in the fourth quarter was substantial and in this quarter it certainly was impacted. Again, we're amortizing the decrease that took place in the quarter over five years until we get to our long-term rate, which is the 9.  But again, as we indicated, we've got an offset as relates to the credit default swaps widening out, so the net impact was actually - 
Jim Cracchiolo: I mean, if you're talking this year, we assumed that this year wouldn't be a strong market, it would become flat or relatively weak in that sense, but we didn't necessarily assume that for the next five years the markets would be flat. 
Walter Berman: Yes, because what we assumed, it would be a slower recovery in this year and then as we moved away from the bottom [inaudible] you would have a spike, which we've seen in prior patterns, and that's what it was predicated on.
Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management:  It's just hard for us to calculate, but we'll do our best. 
Laura Gagnon: It's hard for us to calculate. 
Walter Berman: The actuaries work on this all the time.
Jim Cracchiolo: I'm not trying to be cute. It would have a devastating impact because really, it depends on market increases and what we're doing, we're adjusting our models now to reflect - and that's when you get different aspects of the business performing, in those situations. But in variable annuities it does depend on the markets appreciating and that's what estimated gross profits are based on. 
Laura Gagnon: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Eric Berg - Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: I have a couple. I'll keep it to the two to give people a chance to get home in this evening hour here and I'll finish up with Laura separately. So I see that the number of branded financial advisers has increased by roughly 5% year-over-year to 10,550 from 10,000, but how do we see - maybe it's because I don't have your slides in front of me, just your news release and statistical supplement - can we see in your financial supplement how the quality of your sales force has improved? Because this talks to me only the numbers of people. The net sales actually went down, no surprise there, reflecting the market. Can we see in the supplement how the quality of these people has improved? That's my first question.
Walter Berman: I'd say, Eric, I don't know how you would see that. First of all, you've got a number of variables being that you're in very weak markets compared to a year ago. And as you know, the fourth quarter and first quarter are weak and I think you'll find that across the industry. Second of all, if people are just coming onboard now they're not even producing yet, they're just joining the firm. So at the end of the day they're bringing over their assets, their [inaudible] and etc. You're not going to see productivity, particularly across a sales force of 10,000 from 200 people joining. So I think you've got to factor that all in, but what I would say is the way to think about it is this: In the past we brought on novices and novices had no book. It would take them months and even years to book that matured to a level of assets and productivity. And in this case we'll have people transfer in, those people clearly will be productive within weeks, they will bring their book over and that book over time will be up to more of an ongoing status of what our experienced people are doing. Therefore, as you look at that versus in the past and our numbers were a lot more novices not producing any, our averages will go up. And particularly you'll see them go up in our employee network first, but then overall, as they add more, depending on how many we bring in.  So I do believe that it's not so much in the number of advisers, because we're bringing down the number of novices, which will save us money and cost and expense, but the people we are bringing onboard, even though the numbers may not be higher in total, but the numbers of experienced people that really have books of business can be productive very quickly. And so if you take that out a year or two and production comes back, meaning markets improve, it will give us a lot more leverage. 
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital:  My second question deals with the annuity business and its sufficiently detailed, but I'm going to work with Laura on it, so why don't I cede back to you. Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay, that's as much time as we have tonight. I want to thank you for listening in and for your questions. Laura will be able to take any more of your questions tonight and tomorrow so that you can update your models with information. As I said, I do feel that we had a good relative quarter based on the market conditions. We think that we are managing the business prudently. We think we're managing it conservatively. We think that our financial position remains strong and gives us some degree of freedom as we move forward to take advantage of the opportunities that may be there.  And so I would just say after the first quarter, which none of us like the environment, I still feel quite good about our position to navigate it and to deal with the things at hand. So I appreciate your time and thank you very much for listening.
Operator:  Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - IR Jim Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter Berman - CFO Ted Truscott - CIO 
Analysts: Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Andrew Kligerman - UBS Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Jeff Schuman - KBW Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Colin Devine - Citigroup
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Laura Gagnon. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial fourth quarter earnings call. Presenting the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. Ted Truscott, Chief Investment Officer is also here for your questions. After their remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. During the call you may hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company's operations. Reconciliations to the non-GAAP numbers to respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's material available on our website. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements reflecting management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2007 Annual Report to shareholders and our 2007 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings discussion. I want you to take away three key messages from this call. First, this was a disappointing and extremely difficult quarter because of the financial crisis we're all experiencing. Second, we have taken action to prepare the company for what we expect to be another challenging year in 2009. And finally, I want you to understand the continued strength of our balance sheet business model in advisor-client relationships. Let's begin with the numbers. For the quarter, we reported a net loss of $369 million, or $1.69 per share which is primarily driven by the market impacts and our outlook for 2009. Excluding these impacts, our core operating earnings for the quarter was a $176 million, or $0.80 per share. I am aware that our results are complicated, but we wanted to provide as much detail as we possibly could, so that you can get a better understanding of our business, as well as the conditions of the company. The accelerated deterioration in the environment has affected our business and our balance sheet. The S&P 500 was down 23% for the quarter and 38% for the year, the largest full year decline since 1937. And it wasn’t just the equity markets that impacted us. The slowdown in client activity, the widening of credits spread and near zero interest rate, short time environment also affected our asset levels and revenues. The non-core impacts reflect not only the severe deterioration during the fourth quarter, but also our outlook for 2009. For example, the impairments and DAC charge we recorded include significant adjustments to our valuation models. We increased our discount rate on certain securities to reflect the possibility of continued dislocation in the credit markets and we adjusted the DAC for the equity market declines. So, we've observed significant impacts from the market conditions we've experienced at the end of last year, while preparing for an economic scenario in which there could be more possible corporate bankruptcies and other credit market dislocation, further weakness in real estate markets as well as no meaningful near-term recovery in equities. Well, these changes are significant. We believe it is more appropriate to be prudent and proactive now. On the other hand, if the economic and market trends stabilize we expect to regroup a significant amount of the other than temporary impairments overtime. Walter will provide extensive detail on this impact shortly. Clearly, the fourth quarter was exceptionally difficult but our financial foundation remains sound and continues to provide stability for our clients, advisors and the company. We are maintaining our strong capital ratios, our balance is solid and we continue to hold excess capital of approximately $700 million. Keep in mind that earlier in the year before the severe market downturn, we repurchased over $600 million of common stock, made all three cash acquisitions and increased our dividend by 13% on a per share basis. While we are maintaining our financial foundation, we are also significantly increasing our reengineering efforts in response to the environment. Last week, we announced the restructuring that will result in run-rate savings of over a $130 million and savings above the $80 million in 2009. These expense reductions are in vision to our regular reengineering agenda and we expect overall reengineering sales in 2009 of approximately $280 million. Now, let me give you some insight into how our core business is performing. Many of our metrics including asset flows and client activity have been impacted by the market environment, and we expect this to continue until conditions improve. Still our business remains in solid condition. Like everyone else, our clients are worried about the economy and many have sort safety; but, they are still working closely with their advisors in maintaining a long-term focus. As a result, our advisor and client retention remained strong. Our business is based on comprehensive financial planning. Our client relationships endure over time, even in such challenging conditions. In fact, our branded advisor financial plan net sales were up 6% over a year ago and 17% over last quarter. We think this is part of reaction by consumers to very volatile conditions. Market dislocation is causing people to see the value of advice in long-term planning. And we think this demand for our basic value proposition will continue. In our advisor force, the acquisition of H&R Block Financial Advisors has given us the opportunity to build a new model for employee advisor group. Approximately 950 advisors came to us as part of that transaction and they are productive and tenured. We are capitalizing on their strengths to create a platform that is more efficient and more profitable. At the same time, our franchise advisors remain very stable with little attrition and remarkably high satisfaction, given the external environment. We're also beginning to experience success in our experienced advisor recruitment efforts, in part because of the dislocation in the industry, but also because advisors are recognizing the value of our culture, corporate stability, and our financial planning focus model. Another factor in our high value and advisor satisfaction is the work we did around the reserve funds. Well, that matter has impacted us financially, we supported our clients by providing short-term liquidity and mitigating their losses in the primary fund, and our clients and advisors had been very appreciative of that work. Now, I'll move on to the product areas. Owned, managed, and administered assets decline by 25% compared to fourth quarter of 2007, driven by market depreciation. We've also experienced outflows at RiverSource and Threadneedle. In general, despite the extremely low interest environment, clients continue to move from variable products like Wrap, and mutual funds and variable annuities to fixed products like certificates FDIC in short, banks products and fixed annuities. This migration has impacted certain areas of outflows as well as our overall profitability. Overall, RiverSource fund flows were negative $2.1 billion, primarily due to low sales as clients resisted putting money to work in equity funds. Redemptions remain stable. We continue to believe that Seligman acquisition will provide meaningful benefits. The transaction brought us $13 billion in assets including about $3 billion in hedge funds and very strong technology growth and value teams. While assets in those funds have suffered with the rest of the market, we believe the strong performance track records will prove valuable as markets recover. We also now have a much stronger third-party distribution organization as a result of this acquisition. Threadneedle continues to deliver competitive investment performance. In fact, Threadneedle won multiple awards in 2008, including the U.K. Lipper Fund award for Best Overall Fund Group. Outflows have resulted from the continued outflows of Zurich funds as well as the overall lower level of equity investment in Europe and the U.K. Just as we have in the U.S., Threadneedle has taken steps to adjust its expenses, while pursuing targeted pockets of opportunity for growth. In the domestic market, we continue to see the mix of annuity sales shift from variable to fixed, despite interest rates. Variable annuity net inflows slowed to $509 million during the quarter, while fixed annuities reached inflows for the first time in several years. Certificate sales also increased significantly, which is another indication of client seeking safety. In the insurance business, cash sales have been impacted by client decision to hold on to cash and other liquid products. We expect this sales trend to reverse as markets improve. Still life insurance in-force was up 3% over a year ago to $192 billion. The Auto & Home business continues to perform well with policies up 6% over a year ago. To summarize, the fourth quarter clearly presented a new set of challenges for all of us in this industry, at the end of a very difficult year. Our results were disappointing as the declining markets affected our balance sheet and income statement. We expect the tough conditions to persist through this year, so we're making the necessary steps to reduce our expense base, to be more in line with our revenue opportunity and to limit our exposure to continued market dislocation. At the same time, I want you to know that we are executing our strategy and investing for future growth opportunities. We're confident that we have the ability to rebound when markets and the economy improve, and we're just as confident that we have the ability to withstand the tough current operating environment. Our balance sheet continues to be well-positioned. We hold strong capital and liquidity positions, and our debt levels are very manageable. Just as important, our model is intact. Our advisor-client relationships, the heart of our business model, remained strong and the comprehensive nature of those relationships continue to provide revenue diversity. So overall, it was a difficult year and even more difficult quarter, and we expect more to come. But we continue to feel good about the decisions we're making, in our long-term prospects. Now, I'll turn it over to Walter for more detail on the quarter, and after that we'll take your questions.
Walter Berman:  Thanks, Jim. We understand that our results this quarter are complicated, so we post the slides on our website for you to follow. These slides will be posted with talking points later tonight.  If you turn to slide two, we do recognize that the fourth quarter results were quite disappointing. The change in financial fundamentals significantly impacted our performance in the quarter. In the fourth quarter, the losses were $1.69 per share.  The market downturn generated $2.49 EPS impact in the quarter. And I'll provide more details as we proceed through the presentation.  In the quarter, activity metrics GDC in cash sales were dramatically lower as a result of the market dislocation. However, client and advisory retention remained stable.  And finally, our core balance sheet fundamentals remained strong despite the impact of the financial markets. Slide three provides more detail on the market dislocation in the quarter. The S&P 500 dropped 23% in the quarter and 38% for the year, while EAFE was down 20% in the quarter and 45% for the year.  Credit spreads reached records highs with the Barclays U.S. high grade aggregate ending the quarter at 555 basis points up 114 basis points in the quarter. And high yield spreads ended the quarter up 642 basis points. The Fed Funds rate dropped to a target of zero to 25 basis points reflecting the severity of the liquidity environment. We also received ample evidence that the recession is deepening, including a 7.2% unemployment rate.  In total, these non core elements resulted in losses of $2.49 a share in the quarter and $4.11 per share for the full year, which were predominately focused in the third and fourth quarters.  The environment also impacted our core operating EPS to lower fee revenues, lower net investment income on high cash positions, and its impact on our client behavior. The impact to core earnings will continue to challenge us in 2009.  Let's turn to slide four. The $2.49 EPS negative impact is comprised of four key elements. We recorded a pre-tax investment on the loss of $420 million or $1.24 on an EPS basis. 286 million of this was related to non-AMC, RMBS and 120 million relates to predominately high yield corporate investments.  The other elements are GAAP at $0.75 EPS impact and various variable new charges of 26 per share. And finally, restructuring and integration charges at $0.24 per share. I will discuss each of these elements on the following page.  On page 5, you'll get a perspective of how we evaluated the changes during the quarter. We continue to observe deterioration of our key drivers. Specifically, credits spreads as I indicated widen, driving the discount rate on RMBS up almost 600 basis points to 20%.  Mortgage defaults continue to remain high and severity trends accelerated as home values continue to decline throughout the country.  Finally, pressures associated with the deepening and extending recession on cash flows on liquidity positions within our investor base compounded our concerns. Based upon these observations and our outlook for the 12 to 18 month period, we reassessed the evaluations in our portfolio. And that resulted in our actions to write-off $420 million of investment losses. Slide six is quite busy, so let me move through it. From left to right, the amortized cost of our invested assets is $35.585 billion.  The fair value as of December 31st is $33.770 billion. Within the portfolio, our U.S. government credits aggregate $5.9 billion. Our unrealized losses as of December 31st, ex these government assets are $1.9 billion or 6% of our portfolio. We believe the level of unrealized losses is one of the lowest percentages of equity in the industry. Keep in mind that these unrealized losses also reflect our new discount rate assumptions on valuations and the wide-spreads in the corporate sector. Although half of the unrealized losses are in corporate credits, based upon continuing overall spread widening. On our website, you will find the underlying details relating to each one of these categories. Our goal is to create transparency and value to form your opinion as to the quality of the remaining portfolio. On slide seven, you will see a few facts about the investment portfolio. I would encourage you to look at the complete disclosures on the web.  The portfolio remains high quality; in fact, only 5% of portfolio is rated below investment grade. In our corporate portfolio, given our expectations that the recession could persist or worse, we stress-tested the integrity of the cash flows underlying each of the credits, specifically balance sheet strength, cash flow generating capabilities, current and near term liquidity or funding needs and other underlying metrics we'll review to reaffirm our outlook. While we are not immune to further impacts, we are comfortable with these exposures. Next, in our prime MBS portfolio, we impaired three originally AA rated prime securities with poor level performance. The remaining 92 million AA prime bonds have performed very well from a delinquency standpoint. In the Alt-A portfolio, it is clear that a portion of the investment portfolio has suffered the most during this quarter, as a result of the decline in the housing market. We booked $261 million impairment, including 75 million of impairments booked on subordinate Alt-A ARMs. The remaining Option ARMs investments are super-senior and have credit enhancements. Finally, we are quite comfortable of our CMBS portfolio, due to its vintage, its AAA profile, 20% to 30% credit enhancement and of amount of 41% of the portfolio that is agency-backed. Direct commercial mortgage underwrite were slowed in 2004 and stopped in 2007 completely as risk premiums began to look unattractive from a risk and returns standpoint. These holdings continue to maintain solid average LTVs, coverage and performance characteristic. The portfolio has held up well in 2008. Turning to slide eight, utilizing our normal mean reversion methodology would have resulted in a DAC charge of $0.24 per share, an additional $0.51 per share was realized due to the unlocking of future return assumptions. The market declines of 23% also caused a substantial portion of death and income benefits to go into the money, resulting in a negative impact of $0.19 per share. In addition, hedge ineffectiveness resulted in a $0.07 per share loss. The $0.07 equates to a $25 million pre-tax loss comprised of three prime items. First, spread widening led to a SFAS 157 benefit or said by basis risk, primarily laid to fixed sub-accounts for a net benefit after DAC of a $117 million. Underlying hedge ineffectiveness after DAC was a pre-tax loss of $76 million. And finally, we wrote-off $66 million in DAC based on the assumption that credit to full spread would narrow and not contribute to future profitability levels. As you know, that our hedge program was 95% effective, which we believe is strong performance given the severity of the market declines. The issue is that our liabilities in the quarter increased $1.6 billion and that's 95% effectiveness as it relates to that performance. On slide nine, you can see some detail on the two charges we announced previously. Our restructuring charges of $39 million after tax were $60 million pre-tax was predominantly severance in benefits. This charge will result in savings of over $130 million annually on a run-rate basis, and we expect to achieve approximately $80 million in savings in 2009. In addition, our total re-engineer saves in 2009 are expected to be in the range of $280 million to $300 million. As a result, and added against our continuing investment [agenda], we expect pretax acquisition G&A expenses to decline by approximately 10% this year. Note that our acquisition-related charges are $12 million lower than originally has been. That’s primarily because we were able to negotiate a favorable lease termination as relates to Seligman acquisition. Let’s move to our capital slide 10. We continue to maintain strong liquidity with $6.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents; a free cash of about $4 billion with $700 million of cash at the holding company level. A portion of the cash balances, about $1.5 billion, relates to collateral on our VA living benefits hedge program. This portion of the balance will vary with market conditions. As we previously indicated, we have no debt coming due until 2010. And as I said, our asset portfolio remains well-diversified and high quality. I encourage you to compare our investment assets to our peers. We believe we are positioned well to weather this environment. As we exist 2008, we are facing substantial challenges that will impact our earnings. These are reduced fees based upon lower asset valuations; a client shift away from traditional products, which will impact activity levels and margins; and a continued uncertainty as relates to the economic outlook. To offset these challenges, we are prudently managing our expenses and will be maintaining a strong balance sheet that allows us to continue to focus on business fundamentals and our strategy. In addition, in 2009, we will continue to: focus on our re-engineering to line our expenses with revenue opportunities, re-visit our variable annuities product, design and pricing, develop new products to address client needs and invest in the medium long term infrastructure growth and franchise. And finally, maintain strong enterprise risk management decision support to manage these challenging times and position our company to grow. With that, let me turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Sanford Bernstein, yes. Just a couple of questions, if I could. First, with respect to the impairment charges that you've taken in your press release, have you taken those on a statutory basis as well? In other words, are they fully baked into that 450 RBC ratio as of year-end?  Question number two. I guess $280 to $300 million of expense savings that you've talked about. I think in the past you've sort of given us an indication of how much of that could fall to the bottom line. Just wondering if you could give us that range on that? And then, lastly for Walter. If we go back to the Investor Day presentation, I have this chart that was almost a schematic where you showed 2008 forecasted core operating earnings, and then a bunch of other earnings considerations, leaving you with sort of flat 2009 core earnings. Is that still valid? And then can we put sort of 394 number as the core estimate for 2008 or something close to that? Thanks.
Laura Gagnon: Suneet, this is Laura. I'd like to take the impairment versus debt and we do treat our statutory impairments to same as GAAP. But what you have to realize is that the impairments that we show the aggregate amount are across the company. So it's in the bank certificate company and other legal entities aside from the RiverSource Life Company. 
Walter Berman: Yes, on the second one. I am trying to actually remember the question. On the reengineering we should anticipate. Also, we have expense growth and other things but approximately two-thirds of that will flow right to the bottom line. And as we said, we will manage these situations and that's what we are planning for as of this particular time. I am not going to be in the forecasting mode right now as it relates to 2009. Clearly, as we carry into 2009, we are going to be carrying a substantial headwind as relates to the equity markets, we are anticipating at least in our planning that we will be down close to 20 some odd percent on an average basis in 2009 versus 2008.  And again, from the standpoint of looking at core ,we do not anticipate, from a standpoint looking forward, that there will be continued deterioration in the changes; but, we certainly think we would be starting off at a lower base, both from our revenue and standpoint. So, on that basis, we feel that we are sitting in pretty consistent what I outlined in the chart without putting in the numbers.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: That's close enough. Good evening, everybody. I guess maybe two or three quick ones. One, could you give us a sense or an estimate on the statutory capital or the total adjusted capital that goes with that comment on the 450 or in excess of 450% RBC ratio?
Walter Berman: We are still working through the statutory. We haven't filed, but I am not sure specifically what you are referring to.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Just the numerator of the RBC ratio. When you are talking about being at around 450% or thereabouts, can you give us a range? Even not necessarily a nailed down number, but a range on what the numerator of that ratio will be?
Walter Berman: We'll look that up, all right.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay, second. Just to go back to Suneet's question on the chart. If I think about your Investor Day on November 12th, S&P was sitting around 850 at the time. We rallied actually to close the year at 900, so things were actually better at the end of the year than they were on November 12th, when you spoke to us. We are sitting here today, obviously, we've got a lot of volatility, but we are sitting here today slightly better than the 850.  Just wanted to get a sense for not necessarily forecasting 2009, but I really want to have a better sense for what you characterize since there is so many ins and outs in the 2008 numbers you guys used the term on that slide called core operating earnings. I'd just like to know what the 2008 core operating earnings were?
Walter Berman: Okay. If you take a look from the standpoint when we were looking at core operating, we are basically excluding the impact as it relates to the debt and looking at the impact of the impairments, and looking at the reserve fund, and looking at the element as we made up on the 287 paper. So, on that basis, that's what we're excluding from that standpoint. So, one element...
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: So, we're looking at net income less realized investment losses, less your DAC hits, year-to-date, less the charge to pick up the reserve fund and less the element derivative set. Were there any other items?
Walter Berman: Yes, if you take a look on page three of our earnings, you will see that we've listed the items that we're saying, again, are making up the change factors that are driving and impacting our earnings in the fourth quarter and in the year.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Walter Berman: Let me clarify. The one thing we do not factor into that is the deleveraging as it relates to impact above revenue from management fees and distribution fee. That is not a factor in that as the variance discussion or as an opponent that we are trying to explain the change that took place relating to the momentous movements in the year.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay. So core 4Q is the $0.80 number and add that to the year-to-date through nine months core number.
Walter Berman: Yes. And again, when we got into from that, yes, because the thing we were saying is the drop in management fees and impact on our activity levels is something that is part of the way we manage the business. But, we are trying to...
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Yes. 
Walter Berman: ...are huge impacts that we've gotten from the investment gains, re-structuring and other elements in the DAC.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Absolutely, okay. I understand what you are feeling with that. And then the last data point is what's your goodwill balance on the GAAP balance sheet at fourth year end?
Walter Berman: With the new acquisition it's $1.1 billion.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: $1.1 billion, okay. Is there some...
Laura Gagnon: John, the current estimated tax that show a capital of about $2.5 billion at year end.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Great, thank you. The only other one I have for you just in the flows in the domestic retail, domestic institutional and the international side. Where does Seligman show up? Because I guess it looks like it's in the market appreciation and other line. But could you tell us sort of by each one of those items, where it is?
Laura Gagnon: What we've done is, instead of including the acquisition of those assets as net flows, we brought in the original acquisition and other. And then the flows, actually they were brought in showing up in the flow line.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: So, which line item is it in? If you roll forward, beginning assets to ending assets?
Laura Gagnon: It's in three different roll forward. It would be in the institutional, in the retail funds, and in the alternate asset classes in the domestic page.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: And it's in the market appreciation and other, or it's in the net flows?
Laura Gagnon: When we acquired it, when we brought it in as an acquisition, we put it in other flows that have transpired since we owned it are in the net flows.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Got it. Okay. And what was the dollar amount in each one of those, the contribution then institutional retail in alternative just to get the level set on getting into the $13 billion?
Laura Gagnon: Yeah, I don't have the breakdown right in front of me, but I can get back to you with that, John.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: That will be terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Hi, good evening. A few, I think, quick questions. First, on the asset management you generated approximately $2 million of earnings versus $108 million in the past year quarter and obviously, with revenues down almost 50% and assets down by a third. There is that reduction in earnings, but was there anything unusual in that $2 million or should I be thinking that, that's your earnings space going forward?
Walter Berman: No, in the fourth quarter, we have obviously the market impact as a big driver and then we had the gain on the sale is in that number. And we also then lost the hedge fund earnings of a much lower in Threadneedle than they were last year. Those are the big changes. And the final thing, Andrew, as we told you, we are investing substantially this year in a higher OD costs as it relates to wholesaling to build that base. And obviously, we're not getting the flow through on the revenue.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: So, with regard, with the hedge fund earnings. Was it a negative impact this year or it just was…?
Walter Berman: It was lower this year, than last year at Threadneedle.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: With some of your investing and so forth, I don't know that there would necessarily be any change in the near-term quarters. Is that a fair view on asset management?
Walter Berman: I think, the deleveraging is certainly going to have an impact with (inaudible). And as we indicated a portion of the re-engineering phase relates to that activity, but it's certainly tough to deal with the deleveraging as in those equity marks. That's the driving point.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: I got it. I tried on that one. And then just shifting back over to the excess capital $700 million and the RBC base of greater than 450% is that 700 million in excess capital? How is then RiverSource Life? If it's not, what's the mix between that and the parent company?
Walter Berman: Actually, there is a substantial portion being housed at the parent company, somewhere in the broker dealer and a smaller portion in Threadneedle and a small portion in the Advice & Wealth Management.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: So you have a 450% RBC ratio, despite the fact that given you said substantial, I'll assume more than half is outside of the life company. Is that a fair? So that's a pretty strong RBC. And if you needed to, you could actually downstream more money to strengthen it. Am I thinking about this the right way?
Laura Gagnon: This is Laura. I just want to remind you we've said that the capital requirements that we set aside for each legal entity is the greater the regulatory, the rating agency or the economic capital. So, RBC is used as a proxy in this environment because of the differences in all the rating agency models. I am not sure I would go there.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay. Given that capital position has declined a fair amount, what's your thinking on M&A going forward? 
Walter Berman: Listen, we are always looking for opportunities. Again the most important thing to us is to preserve our rating with the agencies and the environment here are needed to be gauge and it's a situation that is challenging and even though we prudently managed the balance sheet and managed our capital. We will evaluate but the determination will always be made on preserving the safety and soundness in our ratings. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Got it. And one last one. 53% average loan to value is that as of the end of the fourth quarter as it would be appraised the real estate values in the fourth quarter. What else?
Walter Berman: Yes, it is. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay, perfect, thank you. Thank you very much.
Laura Gagnon: Operator, before we take the next question. The Seligman assets of approximately 12 billion that are in the domestic role forward are split 6.3 billion retail, 3.2 billion institutional and 2.5 billion in the alternative role forward. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Hi. First just a point to clarification. Laura, I think you said in response to John Nadel's question that the Seligman assets were included in net flows when?
Laura Gagnon: No.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: It appears that they are in market appreciation. I just wanted to clarify that.
Laura Gagnon: When we acquired the assets. So when we bring them on as a block. The block comes into the roll forward as market depreciation and other, it's the other. Flows that they experienced after we've acquired them do flow through the net flow line.
Walter Berman: Subsequent activity is in net flows?
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Just wanted to confirm that. Walter, go back to the earnings run rate question. Let me just attack it a different way. So, understandably, when you define your core run rate for 2008, things have changed dramatically in terms of the levels that we're at now. Are we better off thinking about it from the standpoint of, if your core run rate was $0.80 in 4Q when the S&P was in average of just above 900, and we're a bit below that now, that would be starting off somewhere in the $0.80 below level before we start considering other offsets, or are there any other major adjustments that you would make to that $0.80 number as we begin 2009?
Walter Berman:  Again, we don't really focus. The issue is the run rate; we weren't trying to get to a run rate. We're trying to demonstrate some of the elements that impacted us that converged in the fourth quarter. And certainly from that standpoint, but what I laid out at the conference in our Investor Day was clearly on the basis that these elements, we believe, again, if the market stabilize, will not re-occur at the levels that they did in 2008. And certainly, will give us the ability to go forward, but at a much lower base as I indicated because of the deleveraging in our fees and other things of that nature. There are other factors that will impact the $0.80 and so from that standpoint to get into reconciliation is going to be problematic. But, the key thing I would say, we have taken actions, we have looked at this, we certainly understood the impact as of the fees and we have not anticipated a significant turnaround and we've therefore moved into do our reengineering on margin management accordingly to manage within that. The other element, which is an unknown, is the continuation of basically the defensive posture of our customers in this environment and the mix therefore that will pursue in the activity, which of course drives revenue for us. So it's a lot of factors to go into it and that we are managing through right now and evaluating. And certainly, as we look in this quarter, as I told you, as we got deeper and deeper in seeing the environment and accessing its impact on our portfolio and the impact on our model is changing. So it's difficult to just come out of what a run rate is. But, those are the key drivers.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah, I think one of those things that we are trying to explain and we are not saying it's one way or the other, what we are trying to and I think what Walter is trying to explain is that the fourth quarter was a pretty significant meltdown including for retail client activity. I mean with the volatility, we're seeing what has occurred, people really pull back tremendously. And so, we didn't get various flows, clients really stayed very short. They didn't want to invest and so there is a combination of factors.  I think one is we know the market is down on an average basis year-over-year from where it was that's in the full year 2008 results. We know that we have adjusted a number of our lines including DAC. We take various levels of impairment based upon the credit dislocation as of the fourth quarter, which was pretty bad. We had a lot of volatility cost built into the numbers, based on the things that we've just disclosed for the hedging and other factors. From a core business, we are still sitting quite liquid, not earning anything based on the liquidity positions with interest rates very, very, very low on the short-term basis. So if things stabilize and improve, we can put more money back to work, and that would help on the spread revenue. From a market perspective, if the equity market stabilize a bit, and people feel comfortable where they are and they feel comfortable that, they understand a little more of the environment going out, I think our retail clients will get back to deploying some of their activity because they are sitting not earning anything. And so we think that could recover a bit as well. So we are not making any predictions. So, we are trying to do, is sort of say, we are making adjustments in the expense base, we will continue to do that, if environment continue to weaken, we will take more cost out, if we have to do that.  We are still making investments, but we are doing that in a lower level in last year again, if things really get more significant, we will curtail that if necessary. But if things stabilize and improve, we think the core value propositions still holding. There is advice being ahead, we are starting to integrate our advisors with H&R Block, we are starting to recruit, we think we can get some activity back. We are putting some of the fixed products back in the market that we were out of that one point in the variable. So there are things that we're making along the way, so I think in trying to answer your question, I think we are trying to give you all the sort of input, so to speak, but because the environment is still one where, we can't see the line of sight to what we will be, we are trying to leave that sort of open and saying we are going to try to control and manage our destiny along the way, but there could be opportunities for improvement if things improve.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Got it, and Jim that's helpful to hear kind of the pluses and minuses, and I guess, just to ask, I guess in very simple terms, and the reason I asked was because I believe most of your variable revenue items are asset based not transaction based, the majority of them. Therefore, we are in a stable market where transactions let's say also are stable with sort of the depressed levels from 4Q. Is there something else we are not thinking about that could put substantially downward pressure on $0.80? Like would you potentially have to really accelerate back amortization to meet the new lower level of profitability in the business or should we not be well below 
Jim Cracchiolo: I think what we did. Again, no one can tell what the market will do, but I think we adjusted to where we felt comfortable with the markets in the fourth quarter and where they were. And that was a reasonable size back adjustment that moved down sort of even the base level and so the same thing we feel on the credit impairments. We took the larger discounting factors based upon a negative outlook in sense of markets not getting better. So, again, we cannot dictate what happens in each of these various credit markets for corporate or in the idea of what is happening in mortgage backs for everything that will go on. But from, as of the fourth quarter, based on everything we saw, would not necessarily having a positive outlook for 2009. These are the adjustments we thought were necessary and appropriate.
Walter Berman: If you look at your RMBS, as we indicated was driven by certainly looking credit, but it mostly driven by the discount factor once you breakthrough the principal. And on a cash basis, it only represents round a third of the actual write-offs you would experience. Two-thirds of it are coming from the discount rate being at high. So, obviously, the discount rate changed. You would deal with that and even own them once that you are already impaired. So, technically if it went higher, you would have to even go in to impair it at a higher level. So, there are a lot of variables on it. We've tried, as Jim said, take the most prudent approach; understand the fact about and looking at the outlook that we felt that we will be facing over the next 12 to 18 months and deal with that within the balance of being appropriate. And so, that's where we ended up.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Walter Berman: You are welcome
Operator: Our next question comes from the Jeff Schuman with KBW. Please go ahead.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Good evening. I was wondering if we could talk a little more about cash and liquidity. Obviously, at this point, we are used to company's building cash, but you added quite substantially $4 billion to your cash position this quarter. Those cash earnings have been dragged all year. And as we look at your liquidity profile, there are not a lot of demands on the holding company in the foreseeable future. And at the operating level, your net flows and certificates and fixed annuities are actually positive. So, what are kind of the contingencies that you are thinking about as you build cash and how much is enough, I guess?
Walter Berman: Well, I think your observations are correct. We have been building cash. I don't know if it's exactly 4, but we've built cash. And yes, we have positive flows on certificates and fixed annuities. We have fairly elaborate testing that goes on for cash contingency. We just noticed that any company that does get in trouble, it gets troubled first for its liquidity. And we have looked at varying test of making sure that we can achieve pretty much all situations to bolster and floaters our basic cash needs. Looking at across the company and looking at both from the cash we have in liquidity pools, the cash that's available that we can sell if we had to at a profit and the cash that we have as back up, even back up lines or other things of that nature. And we run through stress test each month to look at different scenarios that could impact us. Right now we feel very, very comfortable with our ability to meet our cash needs and to meet our cash prices fees and its expensive to do that, but we feel its necessary. But, we are building cash and we are building liquidity, and obviously that gives us a chance to evaluate the situation and then determine the best alternative for applying that cash.
Laura Gagnon: This is Laura, Jeff.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Go ahead.
Laura Gagnon: Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet went from $4.0 billion to $6.2 billion. So it's up $2.2 billion and a loss...
Jeff Schuman - KBW: The release said it's up $4 billion. 
Laura Gagnon: There is approximately $4 billion of free cash and what we were trying to get at is that there is $1.5 billion of cash that's actually collateral related to the Living Benefit Hedging Program, and that will varying with markets.
Walter Berman: It is cash. It is free cash, but again we understand the fluidity of that cash. And therefore, we have different back ups on or we just continue with the components of it.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Okay. Let's move on to another issue. Walter, on page eight of your slides, for the Hedged Living Benefits item of $0.07, I think you decomposed that into some pieces for us but I really wasn't able to kind of write that down quickly, would you please just kind of hit those items again for us. 
Walter Berman: Sure. The first element of that if you look at it is taking the two that really corresponding. So it's the FAS 157 benefit and then net of the basis risk, which we've gone through which gives you your $117 million after-tax. The second one is the hedge effectiveness loss associated with the doings of these large movements in liabilities of $1.6 billion, that’s $76 million. And then, we basically wrote-off $66 million in DAC based upon the assumption that credit full spreads would narrow in the future will not contribute to future profitability. So we wrote that off in fourth quarter 2008. Those are the three major components that we are driving at.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Okay. Thank you very much.
Walter Berman: You’re quite welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much and good evening to everyone. Walter, why don’t I pick right up where Jeff was. You mentioned credit default spreads and a write-off of $66 million? What do you mean by credit default spreads? You mean, is that short-hand for spreads on credit default swaps or spreads on bonds in general?
Walter Berman: It's on 157.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: No, I am referencing the last.
Walter Berman: Okay. We have a 157 benefit as we look at our basically our credit default standpoint of valuing our insurance company, which is standard from that standpoint okay? Basically, what happened, in those assumptions the spreads have been so large, as we move through its impacted the DAC as you estimate that those spreads would stay wide in the future. We said, we took more conservative posture and said, no those spreads will not stay that wide in future. Therefore, you had to reclaim the DAC on it. That’s what we do. It was relating to our home position nothing that as we revalue based upon mark-to-market on 157.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Next there was a problem in the line earlier, a little bit of sort of cutting out of your voice when you were talking about the drop in earnings in asset management. I wasn't clear whether you were reconciling between reported earnings or core earnings. What were you reconciling and what were the reconciling items? And in explaining the drop in earnings in the asset management, could you go over that, please?
Walter Berman: Sure, if you look at asset management for the fourth quarter, I believe it reports it at [2]. Last year it was a 108 and I was giving you the components that were driving that as it relates to obviously the biggest component is the drop in the equity markets. And then you have a situation where we had the gain on the sale, but we have that offset by the lower thread yield hedge fund. And then in addition to that, we have the expense as we told you we were investing in building the outside distribution, wholesaling force which we explain would be a substantial investment in the 2008 timeframe.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Just a couple of more quick ones. Next, with respect to the largest component of your OTTI in the quarter, which look like $261 million. I guess it would be after-tax related Alt-A RMBS. You did go over it; I just didn’t get it. I am sorry, it's pre-tax. You went over it I just couldn’t write it all down efficiently quickly. What is the specific character of the Alt-A RMBS securities that you wrote off?
Walter Berman: We went through and analyzed it based upon these are the ones that are most affected by the housing situation. And when we evaluated both the continuing low rate and the severity implications of these, and then when we went through and we evaluated that we did break under various stress testing situations that we have put them through, they broke two principles. That’s when the discount rate came in. And so it was pretty much the AA that were impacted and we are primarily letting out the AAA with one or two AA that we felt the collateral was quite strong on.
Laura Gagnon: This is Laura. Eric, I just want to repeat that, in addition to the investment asset schedule that was posted on our website, these talking points will be posted later this evening.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. Last question, either Jim or Walter. Getting back to the larger discussion that we have been having about core earnings and run rate and all that, it sounds like, and my ultimate question is, am I hearing your message correctly? That while earnings may have been in the neighborhood of $0.80 in the quarter, excluding, let's call these items, one-timers. It sounds like, what I am taking away is, it sounds like business conditions deteriorated as we went through the quarter, and that if we were to look at for example results for the month of December, and multiply them by three or we wouldn't get to $0.80. Or to put it differently, that the run rate is not $0.80. I mean, that's what I am taking way. Am I taking way the right or the wrong message?
Walter Berman: I think you are basically factoring in what we are trying to tell you that there were huge impacts based upon change; change that took place in the quarter. The thing that’s enrolled, and like I said, in fact we are not factoring in the impact on our basic management fees and other things as it relates to that, as it will affect the full year look. The other thing is, there are also expense elements within there. As we look our performance, we had lower G&A expenses and related to lower [balances]). So there were elements, plus and minus, that go into it. That’s why we are very cautious about giving you a firm number on run rate. We certainly are reflecting, and our strategies understand the implications of where the market deleveraging is taking us. And we're trying to explain to you these conversions of these other changes that have taken place. As somebody indicated, if markets remain stable, a substantial portion will not impact us. But there are a lot going through it, Eric, and we're just trying to give you the roadmap to help you with that element of it. But there is a lot of moving parts on this one.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Yes, I respect that. Thank you. This set of slides is very helpful. Thanks for Laura for putting it together.
Walter Berman: Thanks, Eric. No, credits?
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: I know you helped out, Walter. 
Walter Berman: Thank you, Eric.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Devine with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Hello, there. I have a couple of questions. First, with respect to, I guess, DAC adjustments. But I want to get a sense of how confident you are in the DAC now? What sort of market return assumptions do we have? And also, with respect to the charge related to volatility and, taking that out, my mistake, and did that go into earnings in the third quarter? And sort of why is the change? And then just a couple of other things. I thought I heard you gave the goodwill balance and I missed it. If you could repeat it, that would be very helpful.
Walter Berman: 1.1 billion, Colin?
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Do you feel you --? I am sorry, how much is that?
Walter Berman: 1.1 billion. I am sorry, I thought you finished.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Do you feel you've built enough liquidity now, or is this going to continue go up or maybe other on there? And then finally, there was a big jump in, a $2 billion jump in other liabilities on the balance sheet for the quarter. I just wondered what that is related to.
Walter Berman: Let me try and take, what we factored in as we analyzed and we looked at this working with third parties and certainly working with how to be reviewed by our orders, was their turn around in markets over the last six or seven drops and how quickly once you determine the bottom, those turnarounds took place and what decides them. And based upon that, we're looking over our mean reversion period for the five years we came up with a factor, which helped provided us the compounded annual growth that would occur. Am I comfortable, yes, I am comfortable also with a knock onto number, is we constantly evaluate it and if it's, as markets change, we will impact that so that's that.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Walter, just to kind of end it up. Are you back then, sort of in the middle of your mean reversion assumption at quarter? Are you still sitting at the top of it, and if we have another weak quarter first and second, are we going to be back with this? So, do you now have some mean reversion room if you like?
Walter Berman: Well, first of all. It's not linear and it's based upon, what we've seen in the pattern. So certainly, in this current year, it is not expected that, I guess to use your term, it's probably in the middle of the pack using your element within it. But I think, you do know it does ratchet up if you follow the history patterns. But certainly we did not build in that we were going to get huge reaction in the initial period.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay.
Walter Berman: Okay, what was the second question?
Jim Cracchiolo: $2 billion and other liabilities.
Laura Gagnon: Yeah, I'll get the answer.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Do you feel sufficient for what you need?
Walter Berman: Yup, the answer is yes. So let me just say on two basics. One, we have more than ample liquidity today. And we preserve them and it's been due appraised to do that and I think you know that. The other thing, we build substantial amount of liquidity during the year. So, what we now have is, and besides all the back up liquidity that we have. So we feel that we have had liquidity, and we will evaluate the situation as we evolve through the year. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Look, Colin this is also something that we can deploy as soon as we feel things have calm down a bit. Listen, we know you can't go to the debt markets as any in, and the cost is too high. So we are just keeping it very good at the comfort level. But, at the same time, if we think things will settle and there won’t be greater marks against things that you buy, we can start deploying that back into the marketplace which we will overtime. 
Walter Berman: And this is the first time in a long time that we actually feel would be compensated for taking risks and so that certainly is a factor. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup: One just follow-up, to go back to the Investor Day. I think Jim and Walter made some pretty short statements there that you didn’t foresee a scenario where Ameriprise will go out and need to raise capital. It's certainly the numbers I am looking at would seem to tell me that continues to be the case, but I think there are many of us listening to this call that would appreciate and reconfirmation of that.
Walter Berman: I can give you reconfirmation of that and I can say that on mean, the basis that of the capital, I believe we have the liquidity we have and the asset strengthen in which it rests on and the basic business model.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Even the second time around. Just two quick follow-ups for you. One, is it fair for me to assume that the sequential jump in the allocated equity to the annuities division? I think it was up about 500 million bucks sequentially. A huge fixed annuity sale. Is it entirely related to that, or is there some of that related to just be in the [moneyness of the VAS]?
Walter Berman: No, I think it is related too – certainly we've increased as it relates fixed annuity and I think that is primary. And then we're reallocating based on covariance, and this is just an adjustment on that. But, right now, those are two prime drivers. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. I mean we are getting good flows in our fixed annuities and we are actually, even though we are sitting with a lot of liquidity, we are able to invest that nice spreads now to give us good return. So, that's something that we entered this year.
Laura Gagnon: I am sorry. This is Laura. You can look in the supplement, and you can see exactly how much both variable and fixed increase.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: That's right. You are right. Okay, so, then two more quick questions, maybe a bigger picture. TARP, is there any update you can provide? I know, obviously, I had a change in the administration, change in secretary or treasury. I think talking to most life company is, they are still in the dark and haven't heard much. But, I guess, can you update us on what you've heard, if anything?  Second, around that. There has been some new proposals to make it more stringent or more restrictive upon, especially the senior officers of company, if they participate limiting compensation, travel, various other things, and so, especially in conjunction with your comments about not needing to raise capital, are you thinking about TARP any differently if you were approved to participate?
Walter Berman: Yeah. It's a great question. Let me tell you what we all do know. First thing is, we did apply. Second, we passed through OTS and it's at Treasury. The purpose of us applying, we did feel that we are in good capital position but in a situation where environments are quite volatile or other competing companies are applying for it. We felt it was essential that we did apply. It was meant to give us the contingent capabilities and evaluate other opportunities. If those were changed dramatically, obviously that will go into our decisions and since we have not heard back, everything's been filed and it's been moved across, and we are operating on the basis that we have ample capital to move forward. If we hear from them, then we will consider it.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. I think it's important to note, in last quarter there was something that only strong companies and so, you know, there is that whole thing that you don't want to be looked weak if you're strong. On the other side, you never know what the situation arise. So we will look at it as again, something to explore. We think that we were passed to Treasury but things subsequently as you're hearing and I am hearing things are changing and it's based on both the defensive posture as well as a posture that continued to invest and grow. So if those things change or Treasury changes the purpose of the program, or what they were looking to achieve, we would have to evaluate just as they are still evaluating what they're going to do with any additional funding.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay. And then maybe somewhat related, but more recent. There has been this talk about the good bank/ bad bank, and I am just wondering based on your understanding of at least what's been floated thus far and in your status at least as a thrift. Do you expect or do you know as you look at the proposals or what's been floated? Do you expect that you'd be able to participate by selling certain assets if you so desired to the government at some price. And then, I guess also related to that, could you also just confirm whether you can, based on your current bank situation, are you eligible to issue if you needed to FDIC backed debt?
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. Let me just start with the good bank/ bad bank first. I think that’s evolving. So I think the question is, what is it? What type of securities at what price? I think on our way of looking at it, we do hold securities, we have marked those securities, and we do think that many of those securities we mark will recover. We do have the ability to hold for maturity, that’s why we also have a good liquidity position, so just because that’s set up wouldn’t necessarily mean we think it would make sense depending on what the price is.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: I appreciate that.
Jim Cracchiolo: And what will we do as an alternative, so that’s really the first thing. I'll let Walter come in.
Walter Berman: On the FDIC, the prime purposes for debt, that is if you have debt that’s maturing by June of 2009, you become eligible up to 125% of that. We do not have that debt that's maturing 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Got it. So you don’t have any of that?
Walter Berman: No, our first debt maturity is November of 2010, and then you default to a different logic which is a percent of your position at the bank. So we don’t feel that that is applicable. We certainly, if it's open to the holding company aspect, if debt was valued on the liability of that, we would certainly entertain it but I don’t think that’s been determined yet.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Got it. All right thanks very much, I appreciate it.
Walter Berman: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg with Barclays Capital, please go ahead.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thanks, just one follow-up. It seems like you have a very different view of the mortgage securities than you do of corporate debt. I mean, there was a very significant loss in the high yield area corporate debt much less in percentage terms but quite large in dollar terms in your investment grade portfolio. Yet you seem inclined to classify what’s going in the corporate debt area as temporary. What’s the difference in your judgment between what is happening to corporate bonds? And in particular, why do you view those reductions in value as largely temporary whereas you begun declaring as permanent, your Alt-A and to a lesser extend prime RMBS Thank you.
Walter Berman: Ted is here. Let him take attempt there.
Ted Truscott: Why don’t we both jump in. On the corporate side, look, its obviously credit-by-credit. You can look at these things, but I will just give you the types of movements we are seeing and I will just take a couple of corporate bonds that are obviously in the higher grade sector. But, if you take a look at the AT&T's of the world and the Verizon's of the world, you go back in November these bonds are trading in the $80 range and they were trading in the $107 range a week or so ago. So, I think part of the message on the corporate bond side is there are specific corporations that we may have an issue with that we may have to write down. I mean, you are going to take some hits in this environment, some bankruptcy... But overall, as we look at particularly the high grade corporate debt sector, we think there is a lot of miss-pricing going on and, quite frankly, that's the opportunity that relates to the fixed annuity sales that we have been having. When you are talking about the Alt-A RMBS', you are talking about some specific securities that, I think, Walter can give you some specifics on.
Walter Berman: Yes.
Ted Truscott: And that's very specific in terms of work.
Walter Berman: Yeah, so, what happens, Eric, we get the specifics as it relates to the roll rates; the delinquency roll rates. We also get the analysis, the severity in arrangement, things going to delinquency, and then what they are ultimately liquidated at. So, that's what gives us our initial factor and we then look at different classes within that and looking at our collateral position. So, we then modeled. And this is where you get to the modeling which will go out for quite some long time. They are saying that we believe these severities will continue or ratchet and then you hit different reset points. So, it's a lot more modeling that gets in. Once you get into that modeling you break your principal. You then go on to over pile it on your discount rates. So, it is more the modeling and variability that is into those RMBS' that really give you the different impacts. And you look at the pricing services and you look out there. They are all over the place. So, you know, you can't even use those revenues. Once you get to corporate the pricing services, while they are still being impacted by discount rates or liquidity rate, there is still more analytics they are doing, because you are not there, just dealing with the model. You are dealing with cash flows. You are dealing fundamentals in a corporation.
Ted Truscott: You kind of know a company that's going to have a problem and one that's not, right Eric? And mortgage is plus more modeling sensitivity and so, you can see the disparity between the two views you might have here, although quite frankly when you get to the slide. And I think we have taken, there are specifics that we've taken these hits on.
Ted Truscott: And Eric, in some of the model here on the RMBS is we projected we're breaking through in 2015, 2017, 2018 and this becomes an interesting evaluation. But, like I said, we looked at it, we modeled it, and we looked like it was going to be breaking in, but that's when we took the impairment. 
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: That explains it. Thank you.
Ted Truscott: You're welcome, Eric.
Laura Gagnon: Operator, this is Laura Gagnon. We are now about 15 minutes over our allowed time. So we will take one more question. Prior to doing that, I just want to follow-up that the other asset question of our other liabilities increased actually increase related to collateral for the Variable Annuity Hedging Program.
Walter Berman: On account, Laura.
Laura Gagnon: So, Operator, can we have one more question, please?
Operator: Sure. Our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Just a follow-up for Ted. If I could, on the kind of what you're seeing on structured side, all day deterioration is pretty widely publicized. So that doesn't come as a big surprise. I'm just curious on your prime non-agency RMBS, some small loses, but I think broader trends in the market have been big increase in delinquencies in prime. And it sounds like you've taken some assumptions of further deterioration on Alt-A, but what is sort of baked into your assumptions on prime in terms of how things play out?
Ted Truscott: Well. I'll let Walter jump in on some of this too, but I think the main message we give is that we tend to have older vintages here and we're feeling much more comfortable about those vintages and the types of deterioration that we're seeing or not seeing as the case maybe here. And so, again, when we sit back and we talk about the high quality end of the portfolio, believe me my fabulous fixed income team has spent hours and hours and hours going over this. And we're feeling very comfortable with the non-agency prime RMBS. And principally from the older vintages aspect, we're at the Alt-A, that we've gone over couple of times on this call. There is a lot of work that's going into looking at, quite frankly, the deterioration and the sensitivity of the model to that deterioration… So, we're feeling pretty good about it. I don't know, Walter, do you want to add anything?
Walter Berman: No, I am not going argue to master.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: If I could just ask one more question. The $1.1 billion of goodwill, is that largely Threadneedle and Seligman from those acquisitions? And then, just broadly speaking, can you just talk a little bit about the process that goes into testing? I think the FASB is actually implementing new goodwill impairment standards for 2009. I don't know if this is part of that or is this just due to the fact that AUMs are down so much that there could be impairments? Thanks.
Walter Berman: It is actually due to the three largest areas. Obviously, there was goodwill, when (inaudible), but that's not the bulk. The bulk is really Threadneedle, Seligman, and H&R Block. Those are fee generators. We are going through basically a two phase testing right now. It does relate to obviously the confluence of changes that have taken place. It relates to the acquisitions in the fourth quarter and then the drop in our market value. So, we are now valuing the fair value of the firms that we have, an outside accounting firm is doing that. Looking at the allocated equity that we have associate and seeing if there is any basic potential impairment there. If it fails that test then we have to go through evaluation like third-party evaluating deep drills to look at the value of the firm. And but we are not there yet, we run through. And then the other thing is with the market drop you have to look at your control premium, when you aggregate all your fair values to see that you're within a certain factor that the SEC has prescribed is acceptable. So we are in process of doing that and now we are working through and obviously as you've indicated we'll have done that done before February.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Walter Berman: In February.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, I want to thank you all for listening in tonight. I know it has been probably a long few days for you and a long year already. But again, let me wrap up by saying even though it was a tough quarter, we wanted to recognize that in our financial results where we saw it would be prudent and appropriate so that we would position ourselves to deal with 2009 if it's difficult.  But our core business is quite strong and stable still. We'd love for activity to come back with markets being less stable. But we know that if that doesn't occur, we have to take the actions that we need to do, and we've been doing that both from an expense side, as well as looking at even opportunities as they come along here in the core businesses against our advised model.  And we will continue to manage prudently. We think that the decisions we make since we become public put us in a good position to do the things we have done, and maintain a strong balance sheet through one of the most difficult environments that we all have experienced. So, we still feel good about our business and our company. We feel good about the position we are in on a relative sense. We all would like to markets to improve or at least stabilize so that we can get back to more core business. But having said that, we think that we can continue to navigate these markets, and continue to make the right investments as we're doing today for the medium and long term for when things recover. So we appreciate your time and if you have any other questions, please call Laura. 
Laura Gagnon: I am actually not in my office in Minneapolis. I am residing in New York. So if you'd please leave me a voice message on my number 612-671-2080. Or send me an e-mail. I will reply to your follow-up questions approximately from 9 Eastern until midnight or whenever we get through with what you need. Thank you.
Walter Berman: Good night.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon – VP, IR James Cracchiolo – Chairman and CEO Walter Berman – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2008 earnings call. At this time all, participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Laura Gagnon. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you. Welcome to the Ameriprise Financial third quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks we would be happy to you’re your questions. During the call you may hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide insight to the underlying performance of the company's operations, reconciliations to the non-GAAP numbers to respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's material available on our Web site. Some of the statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements reflecting management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2007 annual report to shareholders, and our 2007, 10K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for joining us to discuss our third quarter results. I'm going to give you an overview of the quarter and where we stand and then Walter will take you through a fair amount of detail of our results and our balance sheet. I don't have to tell you that we're operating in an extremely difficult environment. In fact, this is what out question the most challenging time I've seen for the markets in nearly three decades in the industry. We reached the point when no one is immune to such extraordinary dislocation. The markets clearly impacted us. The 24% year-over-year decline in the S&P 500 through September 30th took a toll on our asset levels and our fees and clearly things have only intensified in October as the S&P is down 20% just this month and is now down 37% for the year. Despite the market affects, our business remains sound, because our model is built around long-term financial planning; our clients are staying the course. Client retention is at a very solid 94%. At the same time, our advisors are working to ease client anxiety over the markets and the reserve fund issue which I'll address shortly. Still with the strong support we provide, advisor satisfaction remains high and our franchisee advisor retention is over 93%. In fact, among almost experienced franchisees retention is at an all-time high of 96%. We're able to weather these times because of decisions we've made and because of strong operating platform we built over the three years since our spin-off. Our enterprise risk management continues to serve us well. We have a high quality investment portfolio as well as strong liquidity and excess capital. I should note that in order to maximize our liquidity in these highly uncertain markets we're (inaudible) share repurchase program. We're also managing our expenses aggressively and in fact we are escalating our expense initiatives. And we have the right business model and the right leadership in place to navigate tough times. The decisions we're making now, as well as our overall positioning will make us stronger when the markets and the economy emerge from this difficult period.
 : If we exclude the credit market impacts, net revenues were down 6% compared to a year-ago, primarily due to the equity market impacts on asset net balances and lower levels of client activity. Meanwhile, our core general and administrative expenses were down 6%. Our return on equity, excluding the extraordinary credit market losses realized gains and losses and separation costs was 12.5%. As we told you since the outset of the credit crisis, our balance sheet is strong. But it's not immune to the credit market deterioration since last September. As we disclosed a few weeks ago we were affected in several ways by Lehman Brothers bankruptcy as well as by the WaMu failure. Despite our relatively limited holdings in nonagency residential mortgage-backed securities severe deterioration in the real estate market also affected us. All told, we reported $213 million in after-tax credit related losses. The Lehman Brothers bankruptcy impacted our RiverSource and money market funds which held Lehman paper. It's important to remember that Lehman held a commercial paper rating of A1/P1 at the close of business on Friday, September 12th. Before the markets opened again, Lehman had declared bankruptcy, never before had a major corporation gone from A1/P1 straight to default. The default led us to provide capital to our money market funds in order to maintain their NAV at a dollar. As I'm sure, you all know, the reserve primary fund did not maintain its $1 NAV following the Lehman falling and the reserve subsequently stopped redemptions from all of its funds. Our clients had significant assets in both the primary and the government fund and all those funds are still frozen more than 40 days later. Let me tell you how this has affected us. Because of our strong liquidity position, we've been one of the few affected firms able to provide clients with the interim cash they need to pay their routine expenses. Of course, this comes at a cost to us, we're not recouping our cost to funds, but importantly, we're not jeopardizing the company's liquidity by the strength we have in helping clients through this difficult period. We have also made the decision to mitigate our clients' losses in the primary fund. We took this step because of the extraordinary nature of the event. This reimbursement will be distributed to clients when the primary fund completes its liquidation and distributions, but we've recognized the $23 million after-tax liability now. Our results also include an $8 million after-tax provision for losses on reserve related receivables. We have engaged in extensive outreach to regulators and legislators seeking their help and influence with the reserve situation. We're disappointed with the lack of action and we're fighting as hard as possible for a fair and reasonable resolution to the situation. Now that we've addressed the extraordinary events, let me move on to discuss some of the trends we're seeing in the business. Like most investors, our clients are worried about what will happen next. As a result, in many cases, they're frozen. They don't want to take action in these market conditions; however they're maintaining their long-term focus and they're working closely with their advisors. Our client relationships endure over time even in such difficult markets. As evidenced, our branded financial plan net cash sales were up 9% over a year-ago, with sequential declines reflecting a seasonality impact as the third quarter's often our slowest quarter. In the advisor force, we're pleased with our strong retention and satisfaction given many stresses the advisors are facing right now. The number of advisors in the employee channel continues to decline although at a slower pace than earlier this year as we continue to re-engineer our employee channel. Keep in mind, we will see an increase of about 950 employee visors when we close the acquisition of H&R Block financial in November. That closing is on track and we'll continue to feel good about this transaction as the opportunities it presents both to H&R Block and Ameriprise advisors as we move forward. In addition to the 950 new employee advisors, we expect the transaction to add $27.5 billion in assets. Now I'll move onto the product areas. Owned, managed and administered assets declined 20% compared to a year-ago, primarily, due to market depreciation. We also experienced out flows in both RiverSource and Threadneedle. In general, clients are buying fewer variable products like Wrap, mutual funds and variable annuities and opt-ins for fixed products like certificates and fixed annuities. In Wrap accounts, we partially offset market impacts on assets with net inflows. However, inflows slowed to $657 million during the quarter. Overall, RiverSource fund flows were negative $1.4 billion primarily due to lower sales as clients resisted putting money to work in equity funds. Redemptions were stable however. Investment performance continues to be a factor in our net flows. Our three and five year performance remains solid in many categories, and we have pockets of real strength this year particular in our Minneapolis office. But our other one and two year performance numbers have been weaker. We've addressed a key area of underperformance by parting ways with managers of some of our large underperforming funds at our Boston office. We're in the process of moving these assets to other better performing funds, including some Seligman funds after we close our acquisition next month. The Seligman acquisition gives us exciting opportunities. The transaction we had $16 billion of assets including $3 billion of hedge fund assets. Seligman will bring us world-class technology and value teams as well as significantly enhance our third-party distribution opportunities. Threadneedle's investment performance remains competitive. Outflows at Threadneedle have resulted from both the continued outflows of Zurich funds and hedge fund redemptions as well as from the overall pull back from equities in the European marketplace. Threadneedle is also taking action to adjust its expenses to the current revenue environment. In other product areas, net inflows and variable annuities slowed to $568 million while net outflows of $184 million and fixed annuities improved by 75% over a year ago. Sales of variable annuities have slowed across the industry as clients remaining cash and other liquid positions which in turn has benefited our sales of certificates. Sales of certificates were up 47% sequentially. In the insurance business, life insurance (inaudible) up 4% over a year-ago to $192 billion despite a slow growth market. Auto and home policies increased by 5%. Total protection segment premiums were up 4% compared to last year. To summarize, this was clearly a very difficult quarter for the entire industry and we were no exception. We're in the midst of a historic dislocation across the capital markets and we're a market sensitive company. Down markets affect our fees, spreads and asset levels and we obviously expect this to continue given the market conditions thus far in the fourth quarter. So to weather this storm we're scaling back our investments in a number of areas and we're cutting expenses aggressively. In fact, we expect to drive general and administrative expenses down further in 2009. But I want you to understand that we remain 100% committed to our strategy because we demonstrated that it works. We're very confident that we have the ability to rebound and return to strong performance when markets stabilize. Let me tell you why. While market environment can continue to impact our asset portfolio, our balance sheet remains strong. We continue to maintain significant excess capital and we're very good in a very sound liquidity position. As a result we'll not have to repair major problems caused by poor decision making Just as important our model is built around long-term relationships and those relationships are enduring through this period. And our model provides a diversified set of revenues and income streams. So overall the economic and market environment remains very tough, but we continue to feel good about our financial position and our compelling long-term opportunity. Now I'll turn it over to Walter for more details on our balance sheet. After that, we'll take your questions. Walter?
Walter Berman: Thanks, Jim. In my remarks I'm going to provide more insight into three critical areas. First, our financial and operational results for the quarter, next, the drivers are our financial position and balance sheet strength, and lastly, going forward implications of the current environment. First let's take a look at the quarter. Our net loss of $0.32 per share was driven by the credit market dislocation we experienced in September and the resulting high level of impairments. As Jim told you, in September, we saw the overnight bankruptcies of Lehman Brothers and the takeover of Washington Mutual. These events combined with others significantly impacted liquidity and spreads across the market. As relates to our residential mortgage backed security impairments, we recorded $66 million in after-tax losses which reflected market conditions. We have now impaired all of the AAA-rated mezzanine tranches of our all-day securities backed by option arms. We continue to hold approximately $400 million in non-impaired Super-senior all day securities backed by optional arms, but they're all in the most senior positions in the structures, some with more than 50% subordination. In the quarter, our core operating earnings were $1.04 per share. As Jim indicated earlier, these core results reflected continued strong client and advisor retention. Core operating revenues and earnings included several negative market impacts to only slightly more than $75 million after-tax. First, lower equity markets affected our fee revenue. Second, we have lower net investment income because of the higher levels of liquidity we've chosen to build in this environment and lower fixed annuity balances. Finally, we experienced a mix shift driven by increased risk diversion among our clients which has resulted in lower traditional sales and lower distribution fees. Offsetting these negatives were three positives, which are detailed in our release. First, $40 million net after-tax benefit from items related to valuation of DAC and other balances for RiverSource Life products. These include $69 million of benefits from our annual review and a locking of long-term valuation assumptions and from the implementation of a new valuation system. Those benefits were partially offset by mean reversion which was a $29 million after-tax loss for the quarter. Next, a $9 million benefit from ineffectiveness in our Living Benefit Hedge Program. While the impact of widening spreads was a positive, this was significantly offset by separate account, underperformance compared to the industries we used to hedge those accounts or basis risk. This basis risk has a bigger impact to hedge effectiveness when client guarantees are in the money. Our models assume that clients will behave rationally and therefore be less likely to let contracts lapse. Excluding the impact of wider spreads, we believe a loss of $22 million is representative of our hedge ineffectiveness. Finally, as in most quarters, we continue to have after-tax benefit of $14 million. As Jim said, another positive in our strong control over G&A expenses. Core G&A expenses were down 6% year-over-year and 8% year-to-date. So in summing up our financial and operational results for the quarter, the $0.32 loss was driven by dislocation in the credit markets, the $1.04 core earnings was impacted by $0.34 per share negative market effects and offset by $0.28 per share in positive I just described. The second topic to address is our financial strength. Our earnings are supported by financial strength that we've created over the past few years. Liquidity, capital position, and asset quality. Despite the impairments we took in the quarter, our assets are well-positioned to deal with the current environment. At Ameriprise, we've always had a strong risk management culture and risk reward decision process, a long standing product approach towards incorporating risk and return into our decisions. Let's first look at liquidity. We have over $4 billion in cash and equivalents with $1.3 billion at the holding company. We expect to maintain conservative levels of liquidity in this environment. Ending the year with over $1 billion at the holding company, after using approximately $800 million for the two acquisitions we announced earlier this year. We believe we have more than adequate and stable sources of liquidity for our future needs as we do not have a security lending program, don't rely on bank loans, debts [ph] or other short-term institutional finance. We have no – our debt is stated to – slated to mature in late 2010 and continue – and we continue to retain lines of credit at the parent subsidiary and mutual fund levels. Second, our capital position, we continue to maintain substantial excess capital and expect to end the year with approximately $1 billion in excess capital. On our Web site, you'll find significant enhanced disclosures for our entire own asset portfolio. We have a portfolio that remains high quality, well-diversified and well-positioned to weather the economic cycle. I would encourage you to review the detail and make the comparisons. I believe you'll see why we feel good about our position. Over the past several years, we have been quite measured in taking our credit risk and we believe the reward wasn't sufficient. Therefore, we avoided credit default swaps or other structured credit exposures in bond portfolio, private equity, hybrids, and have limited exposure to CLOs, equities, trading securities and hedge funds, totaling just over 1% of our investment portfolio and almost entirely due to seed money for new investment products. While unrealized losses have increased in the portfolio, they are generally the result of spread widening across all fixed income asset classes. Year-to-date, our realized losses relative to our portfolios are some of the lowest across the industry. And our unrealized losses at $986 million after-tax are in line with the industry. We do not believe we realized these – we will realize these losses and we have ample liquidity to hold to maturity. Corporate spreads have reached 20 plus year high. And we believe this sector will be the next area of heightened attention for the market given concerns about the economic weakness. Ultimately, we expect to continue to also move to CMBS sector and whole loan commercial mortgages. So let me touch on each of our portfolios in these areas. Our investment grade corporate bond portfolio experienced the biggest increase in unrealized losses contributing almost 80% of the increase in unrealized losses in the quarter. Even so, the price decline experienced by our portfolio was only 4%, compared to the 7.5% among the Lehman corporate index. In our corporate bond portfolio, you'll see a preference for credits and industries regulatory oversight and a bias towards asset rich companies with strong cash flow generating capabilities across multiple economic cycles. With our BBB-rated exposure, 65% is in telecommunication, electric utilities, consumer noncyclicals and energy industries all regulated asset rich are noncyclical. In our CMBS portfolio, the change in unrealized loss was less than 2% of book value. This portfolio is very high quality and well-diversified. It's 100% AAA and contains 37% agency paper. And it's almost entirely, in 2005, early advantageous. Reflecting our decision in late 2006 to avoid markets when underwriting standards for securitizations were deteriorating. In our commercial mortgage whole loan portfolio, we continue to have low LTVs, high cash flow coverage and no delinquencies. It is well-diversified both from a geographic and property type. Lastly, I want to address the implications of the current market for ongoing performance. Since the end of the third quarter, the equity markets are down another 20%. Lower equity markets in the future will naturally impact our asset levels and revenue. In addition we would accelerate the write-off of our DAC balances as most of you know we adjust DAC balances on a quarterly basis. In terms of our two acquisitions, based upon current markets and what we know today, we continue to expect Seligman to be accretive in 2009 and H&R Block Financial advisors to be accretive in early 2010. If current markets persist, 2009 will be challenging. Therefore, we are aggressively stepping up our re-engineering. Though we'll continue to reinvest in the business, we'll bring more of these savings to the bottom-line as you've already seen so far this year. We expect to continue to hold excess capital at the end of 2009 well in excess of a billion dollars. Current equity market levels, statutory reserve will certainly be increased for variable annuities and we may be required to hold more capital to comply with C-3 Phase II. And analysis we run to determine regulatory capital requirements with variable annuities products. Even with these additional requirements, we believe that RiverSource, RiverSource Life's LBC ratios – RBC ratios, excuse me, will remain above levels appropriate to maintain AA ratings. So let me wrap up my remarks before the Q&A. Clearly, the credit market dislocation and overall environment affected our financial and operational results for the quarter. But our business and balance sheet fundamentals remain strong. In both the near and long-term, we believe our strong financial foundation and business model will allow us to continue to execute against our stated strategic objectives. With that, I'll turn it to Jim and we'll take questions.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay, we're ready to take Q&A, operator.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Suneet Kamath. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you very much. Just a couple questions on capital. Walter, you had said that your risk-based capital ratio I guess at the end of '08 will be above what you need for AA rating. I think end of last year it was well above that, close to 700%. Can you give us any sense – I know some companies have been given a sense of approximately where that would be as of third quarter-end. Can you give us a sense of that? And then sort of related, in terms of stopping the buy back program, obviously, you've done a couple acquisitions, should we assume really other than the dividend, no capital redeployment going forward, including – inclusive of acquisitions and then related, what should we be looking at? Is it the credit markets? Or the equity markets? What will give us a sign of when you might get back into the market to buy your own stock considering the valuation right now? Thanks.
Walter Berman:  Okay. As you know, the RBC calculation is well – you can do it at the end of the third quarter. You still have to run through your tests for your C3 Phase II. We've preliminary run it and it's in excess of 450, but again, that's a preliminary run before we complete the C3 Phase II. It was at 700 and we have declared dividends which we moved to the parent and which we've discussed in previous calls. As it relates to the question about resuming, at this particular stage, based upon the credit and liquidity, we really don't see us getting back until we see improvement in those markets and on that basis, we just going to hold off how to drive until we feel comfortable from that standpoint. We do have excess liquidity as we talked about and excess capital position. As far as acquisitions, interesting times right now, we want to make sure that we're protecting what we have and we'll have to be in a very exceptional situation.
Jim Cracchiolo: We still feel we're in a very good position. I know many of you have questioned and think about the asset-owned portfolios of many companies. So we want to be very clear that we feel we're in a good position, we don't need equity, we don't need to go out for financing. We have a strong position of excess capital, and we'll just look and monitor the markets and when things start to ease up and people feel more comfortable, then we'll have degrees of freedom again.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We have no further questions.
Laura Gagnon: This is Laura Gagnon. We'll be in my office available for your questions later on this evening. That number is 612-671-2080. Thank you, operator.
Walter Berman: Thank you, everyone.
Jim Cracchiolo: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 17:25:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn C. Koessel - IR James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter S. Berman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Kligerman - UBS Laura C. Gagnon - VP, IR Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Colin Devine - Citigroup Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities John Hall - Wachovia Securities Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Kathryn Koessel. Ms. Koessel, you may begin.
Kathryn C. Koessel - Investor Relations: Thank you. And welcome to the Ameriprise's second quarter earnings call. With me on the call today, are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. During the call, you may hear references to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers, can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some of statements that we make on this call, may be forward-looking statements reflecting management's expectations about future events, and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different, from forward-looking statements, can be found in today's earnings release, our 2007 Annual Report to shareholders, and our 2007 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good evening, everyone. And thanks for joining us for second quarter earnings call. As you're well aware, the market and economic conditions continue to be very challenging. However, our business fundamentals remain solid, and we delivered respectable earnings for the quarter. Of course, many of our earning streams are market-sensitive, and we've clearly been affected by the 13% decline in the S&P 500 during the first half of the year. Despite the conditions, I feel good about our position and outlook. Our business is strong and well diversified, and we continue to invest for the future. We're focused on serving our clients, and emphasising the core strength of our financial planning model, which serves us well across market cycles. In addition, we continue to realize benefits from our conservative approach to managing our balance sheet. Now, I'll give you some context for our second quarter results. Net revenues were down 8% compared to a year ago, primarily, due to market impacts on asset balances and the large re-liquidation in last year's second quarter. In regard to our results, earnings per diluted share were $0.93. Excluding capital gains and losses, as well as separation costs from the second quarter of last year, we earned $1.01 per share, a 3% increase. Our ROE for the trailing 12 months was 12.1%, excluding separation costs and investment gains and losses. These results didn't meet our on average over-time goals, but given the strong headwinds that are pervasive across our industry, we're in good shape. Perhaps most important in this environment, our balance sheet continues to perform well. Our strong position is enabling us to pursue opportunities when others in the industry are retrenching. We continue to hold very limited exposure to the most distressed asset classes, and we are comfortable with our overall asset mix. Our asset quality remains strong, and we have had minimal balance sheet impairments, compared to the rest of the industry. We also remain in a very solid capital and liquidity position, and we're returning significant capital to our shareholders. During the second quarter, we repurchased 5.2 million shares at a cost of $250 million, and we have returned more than 100% of our adjusted earnings over the past two and a half years. In addition, today we announced that our Board of Directors has authorized an increase of 13% in our quarterly dividend, to $0.17 per share. As evidence of our strong balance sheet and liquidity, our counterparty credit rating was upgraded earlier this month. We also have the resources necessary to grow the company over the long term, as our agreement to acquire J. & W. Seligman made clear. This transaction is a very good fit for many reasons. Financially, the acquisition is expected to be accretive to earnings next year, and we will fund the deal with cash on hand. The transaction will not impact our capital position significantly, and we expect to maintain our current shareholder repurchase agenda. We're also managing expenses tightly, and as you can see evidence of that in our general and administrative expense line, which was 13% lower than a year ago and 3% lower than last quarter. We're seeing the results from the expense program we put in place earlier this year, while we continue to execute our re-engineering agenda and our investment plan. Our operating results for the quarter demonstrate the weak market environment, but also the strength of our foundation and strategy. Our fundamental value proposition is serving the massive loan affluent clients in long-term, personal financial planning relationships, and these relationships endure across cycles. Even with the current challenges, our financial plan activity remained solid. Financial planning net cash sales were up 8% over last year, and we continued to enter into planning relationships with more of our clients. In regard to our advisor force, we're continuing to grow the franchisee channel at a measured rate, even as we've been re-engineering the employee channel to focus on profitability. This has resulted in a lower employee advisor count. However, we expect the decreases in employee advisors to slow in the second half of the year. We continue to provide advisors with excellent support, and their satisfaction remains very high as a result. During the second quarter, we began the rollout of our new financial planning tools, and initial advisor feedback has been very positive. The tools make the process of creating new financial plans much more efficient, which in turn encourages advisors to sell more plans and makes them more productive. Now I'll move on to the product areas. Owned, managed and administered assets declined 8% compared with a year ago, due to market depreciation as well as outflows at both RiverSource and Threadneedle. The Threadneedle outflows continue to come primarily from lower-margin Zurich assets. We continued to generate strong growth in wrap accounts, with assets up 3% over a year ago, to $91 billion. We generated $2.8 billion in wrap net inflows during the quarter Overall RiverSource Funds flows were a negative $1.2 billion, about half of which came out of money market funds, as clients sought to avoid negative real return against inflation. And in turn, this outflow from cash products explains part of our strong inflows in wrap accounts. The outflows were partially offset by good initial traction from our investments in outside distribution. Another factor contributing to the net outflows is that our overall investment performance is not where we would like it to be. Our performance records remain reasonably strong over the three and five-year periods in many categories, but our one and two-year performance numbers have been weak in a few of our investment strategies. First, in Fixed Income, our portfolios have generally been overweight to credit spreads, especially in commercial mortgage-backed securities as well as non-agency, mortgage-backed securities. These spreads have widened, which, coupled with our portfolios generally being positioned for a faster rise in long-term interest rates, has resulted in weak performance. And in equities, our emphasis on valuation in a number of our boutiques has led to performance weakness. Valuation as a selection factor has mattered little over the last 18 months, and investment performance has suffered accordingly. We're committed to improving our performance, and we are confident that we can return to consistent, competitive performance over the long term. Threadneedle's retail sales and performance remained strong, while their results for the quarter were impacted by asset outflows. In addition to the Zurich assets, Threadneedle experienced turnover in the management of some of its alternative assets, which resulted in some of the asset outflows. Threadneedle's culture promotes teamwork among investment professionals, and we have complete confidence in the teams in place. Those teams are working to retain assets in their funds. While I'm on the topic of asset management, I'd like to highlight the business benefits of the pending Seligman acquisition. The addition of Seligman will significantly increase our third-party distribution capabilities, and it brings us $18 billion in total assets, including over $3 billion in hedge fund assets. We will also bring in several top-performing funds, including the industry-leading Communications and Information Fund, as well as the Seligman Growth Fund, which was Number One in its Lipper category for the second quarter. Overall, the acquisition is exactly what we've told you we've been looking for: financially attractive additions to our higher-margin businesses that are good strategic and cultural fits. In our other products areas, we continued to drive net inflows in variable annuities, with $800 million in inflows during the quarter. We continued to experience outflows in the fixed annuities, but those outflows are slowing significantly as we have experienced lower redemptions, and we have begun to market more attractively priced product offerings. In the insurance businesses, life insurance in force increased 5% over a year ago, to $191 billion, while Auto and Home policies also increased by 5%. Total Protection segment premiums increased 2% despite the generally slower growth environment for insurance products. In summary, our business metrics continue to be affected by the tough market conditions, but our underlying business and our strategy and foundation remain sound. We are confident that our long-term opportunity is compelling, and we are continuing to invest in the business to deliver on our vision for growth. We're investing in business growth, advisor support, marketing, product development and our client experience. Overall, of course, we would like all [ph] to have better markets, but that said, I feel good about our financial position, as well as our long-term opportunity and the way we're pursuing that. With that, I'll now turn it over to Walter, and then we will any questions that you have. Walter?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jim. The external equity, short-term interest rate and credit market environment continued to negatively impact our performance in the second quarter. As anticipated, the equity market P&L impact was less severe, but the negative impact of short-term interest rates increased from last quarter. Our reported $0.93 in EPS was down $0.05 from last year. The second quarter reflected a year-over-year negative impact of $0.09 related to the following items: first, weakening credit markets contributed to the after-tax realized loss of $0.08 per diluted share, primarily from other-than-temporary impaireds this quarter related to three AAA rated, Alt-A securities; lower market levels resulted in $0.03 per diluted share, of impact from amortization of DAC and deferred sales inducement costs, compared to a $0.03 gain in the year ago quarter... for a swing of $0.06; and one time tax benefits of $0.12 per diluted share in the quarter, compared to a benefit of $0.07 in the prior-year period for a net change of $0.05. In the quarter, we continued our focus on our ongoing reengineering program to help mitigate the effects of the markets. The first quarter savings accelerated in the current quarter, as evidenced by the 13% year-over-year decline in G&A costs. In addition to our reengineering and cost saving initiatives, we remain focused on the strength of our capital position, maintaining adequate liquidity, preserving our strong balance sheet, and effective management of risk. We continue to generate capital through earnings and to benefit from our longer term strategy of shifting to more fee-based and less capital intensive products. As a result, our capital position remains healthy as reflected by our recent announcement of an additional share repurchase authorization, our agreement to acquire Seligman and the 13% increase in our dividend. Our excess capital position remains strong. Today, we have more than $1 billion in excess capital and anticipate that we will continue to have more than $1 billion even after the Seligman acquisition. In terms of liquidity, we remain well positioned. We continue to have over $2 billion in uncommitted cash and cash equivalents, with more than $1 billion at the holding company. We have substantial dividend capacity from both our insurance and non-insurance subsidiaries. Our leverage ratios remain strong. Our debt-to-capital ratio is 21% or 17.4% when excluding non-recourse debt and with equity credit for our hybrid securities. And our financial strength was affirmed by a recent upgrade of our debt. Our ratio of earnings to fixed charges was 7.4 times at quarter end. Our hedging and risk management processes are performing well. The variable annuity hedge impact after-tax, after DAC, was $6 million comprised of SFAS 157 valuation benefits and the benefit of hedge effectiveness. Let me now turn to asset quality. We continue to have a very high-quality portfolio that has performed well under these market stresses. However, we are not immune to market impacts. As I mentioned, we announced $18 million in after-tax security losses this quarter, primarily related to impairment of three AAA rated, Alt-A securities. year-to-date, our after-tax realized losses are $33 million. Over the past four quarters, we've had after-tax realized security losses of about 4 basis points of total invested assets, compared to insurance peers who have announced a minimum of 17 basis points and a median of 40 basis points in realized losses through the first quarter of 2008. This does not include second quarter losses as peers have not yet reported. While I'll highlight several points related to our asset quality, additional details are provided on our website, consistent with prior quarter practices. Of our $33 billion balance sheet, our position remains largely unchanged from last quarter. Our exposure to financial guarantors modestly increased in the quarter to $734 million, and we continue to look to the integrity of the direct investment cash flows and generally do not rely solely on the guarantee. Our exposure to the equity portion of CDOs that we manage for clients declined to $38 million from $42 million last quarter. There has been very little change in our residential mortgage-backed portfolio. We continue to own $1.1 billion of Alt-A and $247 million of subprime-backed securities. Our evaluation considers various factors, including loan quality, structural protection, collateral enhancement, seasoning, geographic concentration, and our assessment of current and future trend lines and underlying cash flows, including delinquency and severity trends. Based on our underlying cash flow analysis, the highest risk categories include Middle Mezzanine AAA rated Alt-A securities backed by option ARMs, and AA rated Alt-A securities. The Middle Mezzanine bonds have a current unrealized loss position of approximately $75 million. Most of these securities continue to have more than 20% collateral enhancement. The AA rated Alt-A securities have an unrealized loss position of about $40 million. These securities are more seasoned, all 2005 and earlier vintages, with collateral enhancements in the mid to high single digits. With regard to our commercial mortgage-backed securities, they continue to perform better than the overall market. We've selectively added to our asset-backed portfolio, which continues to be primarily AAA-rated. Our real estate loan portfolio of $3 billion is of very high quality and continues to have no delinquencies. Last, we continue to monitor our corporate credit exposures of $13.8 billion carefully. We are watching credit and market trends closely, and we remain comfortable with our exposures. As I mentioned, during our last conference call, we saw an opportunity to be rewarded for taking appropriate and prudent risks. Therefore, we invested over $1 billion of our cash into investment grade corporates, non-agency mortgages and high yield bank loans that had attractive valuations relative to the risk. Those investments slightly increased our percentage of below investment grade securities. When looking forward to the remainder of 2008, there are a few things to consider. As I mentioned earlier, we continued to benefit from effective tax planning. While we received a net $0.05 benefit, which lowered our effective tax rate in the quarter, for the remaining two quarters of the year, we expect the tax rate to be between 24% to 26%. We are in the process of upgrading our actuarial valuation system, which we expect to implement in the third or fourth quarter depending on when the new valuation system is fully operational. If implementation is in the fourth quarter, we intend to move DAC unlocking to the fourth quarter to allow us to use the new system. In closing, I'd like to summarize my comments: While the market environment is impacting our results, we are taking a prudent approach to manage expenses and optimize our ongoing investment program. Our capital and liquidity position remain strong with a high quality balance sheet and strong capital base, supported by cash flows from our diversified operating model and our prudent decisioning process. We believe that we are well positioned for the future both from a business and financial perspective. And with that, I'd like to open it up for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andrew Kligerman. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Hey, good afternoon or good evening. Couple of quick questions. First one, just on the excess capital, Walter, you mentioned that, you still have a billion plus of excess capital even after the J. & W. acquisition. Do you expect to continue at this quarter... $1 billion for quarter buyback even given the very difficult credit market conditions?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Obviously, we don't forecast the level but we certainly, as we indicated, intend to continue our share buyback program as we go forward.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay. And, then just on the expenses, it's indicated that, expenses are down 9% that's probably somewhere north of $15 million in the quarter alone versus the year ago period in expenses. Going forward a) are those expense... lower expenses sustainable? And b) would you be pushing to lower them even further in subsequent quarters, and how would you do that?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andy, we certainly believe, we can continue to effectively manage our expense base. And as we indicated, it's our important focus on how it matters [ph] from the expense standpoint but to continue to improve our processes. And we will continue to evaluate the situation and make prudent moves. But certainly it is full attention of management and be cognizant of what investments and what expenses are effective in this sort of market.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: So that would imply maybe flat or even lower going forward?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pretty much yes, fair observation.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay, and the below investment grade, I see that it came, it went from 5% of investments to 7% last quarter, Walter, mentioned high yield bank loans. Maybe just a little more color, because that would be what maybe $600 million of additional investments, maybe just a little more clarity around that?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Andrew, this is Laura Gagnon. There were a couple of downgrades that affected that and then a couple $100 million of bank loans. And I believe it went from six to seven, not five to seven.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, went pick up from six to seven.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay and then just lastly, the wrap net flows actually improved to something along the magnitude of $2.8 billion in the quarter sequentially. They were down materially year-over-year, but maybe just a little more colour on what's happening there and where you think wrap net flows will be over the next few quarters?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think a lot of that is impacted by clients' appetite and advisors' appetite based on the market. I think what you saw is some improvement coming back on the second quarter, as they initially saw some stabilization in the markets and some of that improving. So again, I think it's contingent on the market volatility, but I think we are seeing some appetite back for equity product again. And that's what you saw in the wrap program but again it's all subject to the market volatility and activities.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Got it. Thanks a lot.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you. Just two questions, first on the RiverSource flows, you'd mentioned $1.2 billion. And I think you said about a half of that is in money market funds, and then I think you said a portion of that went into the wrap account business. I'm just wondering sort of the net fee impact of that. Are the fees that you earn on the money market products significantly higher or lower than what you picked up in terms of wrap accounts? I'm just trying to understand the revenue impact of those assets flows. And then separately, for Walter, on the DAC. You had mentioned that you're going through some, I guess, actuarial reviews and that it may delay your DAC unlocking. Can you comment, are you changing the way that you think about DAC amortization on a quarterly basis to sort of bring it more in line with what your peer group is doing... what your peers are doing or is this just something separate, and because of it you are just delaying your regular DAC unlocking to fourth quarter? Thanks.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me take the second question first. When it is, we're... as I indicated upgrading our technology and systems capability in that, and that will be the only element that potentially, potentially will delay. We're still targeting to try and get in the third quarter from that standpoint. So we did not want to do the unlocking under our own capability. We're going to have the new capability up. So I was just trying to align there and from the standpoint of we were in, not looking to make statement about changing our DAC line process [ph] but we certainly are evaluating, how we do it versus how the peers do it and to try and see from that standpoint what gets the best transparency.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As far as the flows into RiverSource, we have about $600 million was out of the money market. And then again, I think you'll see in and out-flows of the money market as cash is applied or as people will sit on the sidelines a bit. The fees on the money marker are lower than the fees that you would get on a long term fund in our categories. In addition to that in regards to the wrap program, we do get an asset management fees, we get part distribution fees etcetera from that. On a relative sense, I would probably say the fees that we get primarily for managing, in this case might be slightly higher from a net company perspective of the money just sitting in the money market, but again we are talking about $2.8 billion versus half a billion coming from the money market. So our net positive there because of the increase in total volume activity.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Schuman, please go ahead.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good evening. I was wondering if you could give us a little more background on the lost of all alternative assets at Threadneedle, the losses was pretty material relative to the side of that asset base. Is there a particular performance issue or some talent turnover or what was the story there?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What we had was we lost two pence, one was in the running our UK hedge fund; the other one that was in our... their U.S. hedge fund. Their team members have taken over but in that changeover some people did redeem and we lost about $0.5 billion of assets coming from those funds.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And do those redemptions continue or has that kind of play out, do you think?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: One of them, which was the... one who left early in the first quarter, it looks like those redemptions are played out already. The U.S. occurred in the second quarter, so there might be a few more redemptions coming from that account. But I think some of that's already reflected there, there might be a few more coming.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. And then next you mentioned gaining some third party distribution capabilities with the Seligman deal. Can you flush that out a little bit for us? Is this just mostly the gain in wholesalers or are there some very specific distributors that you gain or what specifically do you gain?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think there are a few things, first of all, just as the touch base, our third party distribution that we were organically building is actually working according to our plan. We were able to get some good ramp up in some flows in the second quarter according to what we had targeted for the year. The Seligman deal gives us a significantly greater number of agreements already in place, wholesalers on the ground with relationship. So, hopefully that will help us accelerate our penetration in the third party channel. In addition, we think that we can get more of the Seligman funds into our own channels through our wholesaling distribution. And that also will complement the activities in flows in to the Seligman part of the deal. And it also helps us ramp up a little more on our institutional business that we started to grow the sales activity there and the alternative assets that Seligman has that we can feed into our channels. So it's a combination of things that we think will give us a greater jump start into the third party distribution using their capabilities some of their products and ours.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: That's great. And lastly on the RiverSource performance issue, is there any thing that you're doing to maybe kind of accelerate the turn there? Are you changing strategy, changing personnel or is it a matter of just kind of waiting for the market to come back your way?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, Ted is focused with his team on those things that they've been evaluated that they think they should change versus not. I think the investment professionals are very focused on what their performance and why. So I think some of it may set change something as we see some of the markets, some of its specking to their strategies a little bit. And they believe on some of what they have invested in.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Devine, please go ahead.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Good evening. Just a couple of quick ones. Walter, just with respect to Threadneedle and the professional turnover. What I have heard from my London I guess office is that okay, one of that individuals I guess is not SAC. But the other one I'm not sure that it's been disclosed where they're going. So until that happens there's going to be a little tough to predict, how much of the assets are going to fall on, is one, and that maybe perhaps more than a little as we look at it this. Secondly, just to clarify with the DAC issue, is it still going to be your intention that sort of true this up in the third quarter normally each year going forward and the fourth quarter this year just with the system change?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And...I am sorry.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: And than finally, if you can talk a little bit what you're seeing as we head into third quarter now with terrible annuity sales. And also what percentage of your commissions on VAs is going out of this C share level versus an upfront?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As it relates to DAC, it is our intention that we are... we will continue in our third quarter unlocking and the only elaboration to move into the fourth quarter, skipping the process system. So if we do in the fourth quarter this year we will be back in the third quarter next. All right and I think I answered your question correctly.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Yes.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't if we have the...
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: We don't have the VA sales breakdown.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have that, so we'll have to try and get back to you on that. And then as Jim said on the... was the basic... on the hedge fund, we believed that is, will happen in the second quarter. And there has been certainly redemptions that, a reasonable portion of that has occurred. But we're still monitoring right now, and the team is in place. We're going there.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well there are numbers of the team that have been, still part of that, that we're looking to retain assets as we saw in the first hedge fund where people left. We did lose a number of those assets, initially. And the team is now showing decent performance. And so we think that we feel pretty good about that. And the second one, as I said, occurred in the second quarter. So the point, I can't give you the exact of how much more will come. But again we're using the same methods as part of the team to retain those assets, and we have good people there. So again it will be effective, but I think on the course of the total, we've lost so far, I am not sure, it's going to be as much.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay. One final on the certificate and banking business how much of the loss that was driven by the investment losses?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, actually... that's some 20s and some million, are you talking about the impairment?
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Well, now looking at pre-tax income for your certificate and banking business which... was the loss of 24 million, I believe?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: 21 million of that impairment.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay. That was the question. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Hi, the first question is related incentive fees and asset management. I know last 4Q of '07 you had a nice pickup, which I believe was largely driven by Threadneedle alternative, if I'm tracing the numbers correctly.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: That's correct, Tom.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. Given what's going on, both to net outflows, just as well as year-to-date performance, looks like you're sort of modestly positive. I just looked at your disclosure. I assume you got to get to a hurdle rate to start earning performance fees there. Is it fair to say, outlook for this year dramatically lower, in terms of potential performance fees or any kind of comment you can give us for that? Thanks. That's my first question.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, clearly at this stage, we haven't really forecast that. But, certainly the elements are there, it is not unreasonable to assume that, it could be lower.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean we don't have the second half of the year, but based on some of the flows being down, and also the performance being not as strong as last year so far, the performance fees will be down, unless, banks come back in the second half of the year.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we have seen that come back. So, yes, different space, so it's certainly... we'll keep on monitoring. And from that standpoint.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And we always look at that as an incremental for us, at the end of the year. So, it's not in any of the reported number so far.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Understood. And so, and is the... kind of this rule of thumb to think about as it relates to earning those being... you need to earn a minimum of somewhere in the 8% to 10% range before, you start earning incentive fees, in the alternatives business?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is in that range. I don't have the exact number. But, certainly that is in the appropriate ranging.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. The next question is, if we... I don't know if you can give us some kind of range, to think about... if you fast forwarded the DAC review, and made some equity market assumptions, let's just say, remains where it is today. Could you give us an idea of what kind of unlocking which I'd presume, would be a charge to space and where the equity markets are today, you'd have in 3Q or 4Q?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's interest, because it's a complex element because it deals with so many of factor lapses, markets and everything. Remember, markets we take on each quarter basis so we reflect that. As in the DAC mean reversion. So that's not for us as big a deal as it's for some of our peers. And we have not... that's the issue we will not start running the unlocking models until we'd adapt that timeframe when we have to make a decision. So, it's really tough to even guesstimate it but there is nothing that we see that can even give a plus or minus short-term but, certainly the market factor is not the element within that.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: And Walter, is it fair to say that the... what's happened in the equity markets year-to-date, that impact on your DAC in terms of the under performance of the equity markets, is that fully factored into these many unlockings that we've seen every quarter?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The DAC... it is factored... we've reflected monthly, and quarterly also. And, I think, one of your colleagues ask a question that is one of the things that isn't... that we do that maybe... that probably is not necessarily the industry standard.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. And that's potentially up to some type of review just in terms of how... the methodology?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, basically. Yes.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. And last question, when you look at the asset weighted performance for, I guess, the one and two year numbers, and the fact that they've weakened a bit. Does that... how does that affect your plans on third party distribution build-out, if it does at all? Is that... does that make it a lot tougher at this stage?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think, what we do is we still have some really good performance and strong products, like in our value areas etcetera. That, there are products out there that we do have, that we'll sell and are selling. So, we're feeling good about the sales that we're really ramping up as we were putting new wholesalers on the ground. So, we do feel that we have product to continue to sell that has good performance. And so, yes, it'll be a great to have performance in all the categories. But, right now, we do have product to sell.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hall. Please go ahead.
John Hall - Wachovia Securities: Good evening. In the release, you mentioned that there were increased investment in distribution and the asset management segment. I was wondering if you could just give an order of magnitude there and then offer the view whether that is essentially on hold as you bring in Seligman?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The answer is no. It will... as Jim said we are tracking towards our plan and certainly we'll labor the Seligman wholesalers and integrate in line with plan.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think what it is, if you look at, we already added whole selling teams. And so those people we've been funding are... those are in our expenses so far that will continue. What Seligman provides us is an additional number of team, so that we don't have to organically add to it right now. We think that the complement of our teams and Seligman will actually get us through the next number of periods in a sense that we are not going to add to additional new whole selling teams. And so that does give us a big jump-start because are already on the ground with relationships that we can leverage more fully. And so, that were the benefit, but we're not going to like scaling back the teams we've already put in because we think that we need a reasonable size wholesaling force and this gives us a good complement now.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And we avoid the learning curve because these people are already on the ground.
John Hall - Wachovia Securities: So that's great, I guess I was going after whether there would be a delta from the investment in the second quarter into the third?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think it's just more of a run rate. I think we had most of the teams on board in the first quarter. I think we added one or two in the second, so it shouldn't be materially different than the second.
John Hall - Wachovia Securities: Great. And then, are there going to be consolidation expenses as they were associated with bringing Seligman in?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There will be some deal costs as it relates to it. And as we indicated, the majority of synergy will be generated from expenses as we get the benefits of integration next year.
John Hall - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And with the Seligman transaction being pulled in, and the like, are you essentially on the sidelines for the moment as far as M&A and around distribution and AUMs?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John Hall - Wachovia Securities: So you are still on the game?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Still on the game.
John Hall - Wachovia Securities: Fantastic, thank you.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Eric Berg, please go ahead.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thanks and good evening to everyone. I'm still trying to understand a little about this whole DAC process at Ameriprise. The concept of mean reversion is, I don't think it's a GAAP concept, as I recall it's just sort of a convention that was developed by some companies several years ago in response to big swings in the stock market. Can you review with us not in great detail but just in the very concise form, in summary form, what this mean reversion concept means that you referenced in your disclosed items? And then I have a follow- question?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I think what happen... you are correct and as essential when markets were moving and from that standpoint, various conventions were established and which would allow a more timely recognition of the market movements and where some firms that leave a card order [ph] or delays the recognition. We then shows... when that was discussed to actually reflect the calculations of what the impacts of the market would be in our future growths, estimated gross profits calculations. So we have been under the more conservative approach to recognition of it on an immediate basis. And that's, I feel one or two firms I think do that and other several firms they don't. So it is basically, on that basis that was something we discussed in reference, we evaluated and that was the basis we put in.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So what... again at a... in a concise way, what is the main difference between what's happening each quarter with the DAC balance, the unlockings which are technically taking place reflecting, stronger than expected or poorer than expected stock market. What's the difference between what's going on with the DAC on a quarterly basis and what will happen in the September or December quarter?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What happens here is, since we are current and basically and we true this up to the latest market, obviously if something takes place in the quarter that will be a part of the process. But then we look through all the other assumptions in actuaries, in evaluating the trend lines as it relates to the key assumptions last [ph] is that all the elements and seeing if those elements of drivers now would warrant a change in estimated growth profit calculations. The market only becomes that core element that have taken place within it and which is we do every quarter. But they're then looking at the baseline driver trends as to what will affect the estimated gross profit, and seeing what has changed. Obviously, as we told you, if there is any change that takes place in the quarter, as we are between the third quarter unlocking, we will obviously reflect it, we feel this is a strong enough trend line.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Great. And lastly, would you just remind... would you just go over one more time please, sort of the summary reasons for the underperformance in your fixed income and equity business at RiverSource. You mentioned CMBS credit spreads, I thought they actually narrowed in the June quarter, rather than widened. After the collapse of Bear, there seemed to have been a narrowing of credit spreads. And, you also mentioned in the same breath, something about valuation in common stock investing and how it... just wasn't working out. Could you just go over that? I didn't quite follow that whole thing.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Eric, before we do that I just want to point out that we're talking about what drove the one month... the one year performance. So, we're talking a lot about the spread widening that happened in the third and fourth quarter as well, is driving what's happening in our one year performance numbers.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So, spreads... spread fair enough, that's a helpful reminder, Laura. So, the point is that we have this spread widening, and how were your managers positioned in fixed income?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our managers were positioned, they thought that there'll be a faster rise in long-time interest rates, and that did not occur as well. And that's part of it. In the equity side, many of our managers really focused on valuation, and a lot really hasn't been driven by valuation, it's been driven more by momentum these days. Particularly, as people move into whether materials stocks, or energy etcetera. So, we've... our managers look at value, they look at intrinsic value there, and over time, the performance coming from good companies. And so, they've put more in that category than others have, and that's where you see differences in performance.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thank you, Jim. I'm all set.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. This is Laura Gagnon, Kathryn and I, will be around answering the follow up questions you have. The number to call is 612-671-2080. And, thank you very much.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, everyone. I appreciate the time and effort. And, we look forward to any other questions you have. And, hopefully markets will settle down. But, we continue to be very focused on what we need to do to control our destiny. And, I think, we've been doing that so far in the first two quarters.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Walter. [Indiscernible].
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Take care. Bye bye.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good night.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Laura C. Gagnon: - VP of IR James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter S. Berman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Kligerman - UBS Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers Tamara Kravec - Banc of America
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and -answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will turn the call over Ms. Laura Gagnon the Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Gagnon you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial first quarter earnings call. With me on call today are Jim Cracchiolo Chairman and CEO and Walter Berman Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we would be happy to take your question. During the call would be your references to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide inside into the underlying performance of the company's operation, reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's material available on our website. Some of the statements that we may make on this call may be forward-looking statements reflecting Management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risk and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release, our 2007 annual report to shareholders and our 2007 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, everyone. And thanks for joining us for our first quarter earnings discussion. I would like to begin by acknowledging that the markets were very challenging during the quarter and they did have significant impacts on our results. We are a market sensitive company and we derive a large portion of our revenues from fees. So when we experience a 10% decline in the equity market, as we did in this quarter, our results suffer. In addition, as you know the credit markets were just as challenging. However, we have always taken a conservative approach to managing risk. As a result we had minimal impairments and our asset qualities remained strong. Our financial foundation is sound. While our earnings were not as high as we would have liked, we feel good about our business and our ability to grow the company. We serve clients in long-term financial planning relationships, and our core client retention rate remains very high. Client activity has slowed along with the markets and clients have moved to higher cash positions. Our advisors are working closely with their clients and we anticipate that they will reinvest when they see signs of stability. So, we remain very focused on executing our strategy in achieving our own average overtime growth goals. We have been through tough markets before and we have merged from them stronger. So my message today is this, while the weak markets certainly hurt our earnings, we continue to feel good about our overall positioning. For the quarter, net revenues were up 3% to $2.1 billion. Earnings per diluted share was $0.82, which was down $0.08 per share, compared to our adjusted earnings per diluted share for the first quarter of 2007. And our adjusted ROE was 12.2%. We've included a table in the earning release to spell out several factors that impacted these results and Walter will take you through some details of this disclosure shortly. We don't anticipate including this table every quarter, but we wanted to help you understand the market and other impacts, given that the environment was so turbulent. Now, I want to focus on the strength of our financial foundation and our operating performance. Our balance sheet continues to perform well. We continue to hold very limited exposure to the most distressed asset classes, and we remain comfortable with our overall exposure, in the current environment. In addition to our balance sheet strength, we continue to maintain over $1 billion in access capital. Since our spin-off, we returned 90% of our adjusted earnings to shareholders, through buy backs and dividends, and in 2007, we returned more than 100% of our adjusted earnings. Despite that return we hold more excess capital now then we did a year ago. In addition, we announced today that our Board approved a new $1.5 billion buyback authorization over the next two years. That follows a two year $1 billion authorization, announced last March, that we have nearly completed. We are also leveraging the flexibility we created to help us navigate through the market downturn. We told you last quarter that we are in the process of implementing a program to reduce expenses. And that effort is now in place. While you could see some initial traction from the program in our G&A expenses, the benefit has not been yet fully realized. And it's important to note that these savings are in addition to our normal re-engineering programs. It is also important to note that, while we are managing expenses tightly so that we can maintain our margins, we continue to invest prudently in our growth prospects. We believe, our opportunity continues to be compelling and we expect to emerge from this downturn in a good position. Now let me review our operating performance for the quarter. Our basic value proposition is that we serve the mass affluent and affluent in personal financial planning relationships, and financial planning remains important for our clients during all parts of the market cycle. Even with the current challenges our financial plan activity remains solid, and we continue to achieve good advisor productivity. Clients' assets have decreased slightly, compared to a year ago, and compared to the sequential quarter. These declines were the result of market depreciation. In the advisor force, we are growing the franchisee channel at a measured pace and continue to have very strong franchisee advisor retention. In fact the number moved higher this quarter to 94%. At the same time we are improving the profitability of our employee channel by bringing in fewer recruits, instead focusing on candidates who are more likely to succeed. We expect the decreases in our employee advisor count to slow as this program is fully implemented. We continue to provide improved advice on marketing, support and technology tools, as well as the full range of products advisors need to serve their clients. In fact, during quarter we announce the significant to our product mix, the new Ameriprise Financial Debit and Credit Master Cards. We also announced a new rewards and recognition program for our clients, which is designed to help advisors deepen relationships with their high value clients, As part of our commitment to advisors support, during the first quarter, we conducted our largest training program ever, bringing the majority of our advisors to Minneapolis to help them understand and implement the new tools and enhanced capabilities we are providing them. The program was extremely well received and we are following the sessions with long-term reinforcement in order to deliver our ultimate goals, which are consistently compelling client experience, more productive advisor practices, and growth. Now, I'll move on to the product areas. Owned, managed, and administered assets declined 5%, compared to a year ago, and 6% compared to the sequential quarter, due to market depreciation, and the continued outflows of low margins Zurich related assets at Threadneedle. We continue to generate strong performance in wrap accounts, with assets up 10% over year ago to $90 billion. Wrap assets were down, compared to the sequential quarter, as market depreciation more then offset continued relative strength and flows. Overall RevirSource funds closed with negative $636 million, which we think is primarily the result of clients shying away from the current market volatility and moving to cash. While our three and five year investment performance track records remain strong, short-term RevirSource performance has declined for both equities and fixed income. We have taken a general review that rates will rise as the flight to quality loses favor and inflation pressures increase. The portfolios in general are positioned to benefit from a narrowing risk premiums and to realize the benefits from the recent fiscal and monetary stimulus actions. While this has hurt us in the short-term, we believe it will positively affect our performance over the medium and long term. Threadneedle's results for quarter were highlighted by strong investment performance. In fact, Threadneedle over see to two important 2008, Lipper Awards for Best Overall Group and Best UK Equity Group. In terms of flows the out flows of Zurich assets accounted for the bulk of Threadneedle's outflows. The variable annuity business generated net inflows of $851 million for the quarter, with total variable annuity ending balances of $54 billion. At the same time, we continue to experience outflows in fixed annuities, as a result of the low interest rate environment. However, we think, we have an opportunity in the current market environment to offer clients some appealing fixed annuity products, while generating good returns on a capital which should help us slow outflows. Our insurance businesses produced another solid quarter with life insurance in-force increasing 6% over a year ago and reaching $189 billion. Total protection segment premiums increase 5%, despite the generally slow growth in volume for these products. Overall, our business metrics were truly affected by the very weak market conditions in the quarter, but it is also clear that our underlying business remains solid. We are confident that we have a completing long-term opportunity. Our research clearly indicates that our target market, the mass affluent and affluent, one personalized financial planning and that's our strength. Since our spin-off 2.5 years ago, we have been building our brand strengthening our foundation and positioning the company for long-term prosperity. We're here to serve our clients across market cycles. We are managing the company through this economic and market downturn. The way we're encouraging our clients to manage their own financial plans, we have been prudent and we will stay in the course. We are investing in our brand product development, advisor support, and our client experience. Why? Because we have a significant opportunity and we have demonstrated the effectiveness of our strategy. We are committed to executing it for the long-term. So in total, I continue to feel good about our position and our future. Now Walter will take you through some more details from the quarter and after that we will take your questions.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jim. As you heard from Jim, it was a difficult quarter, driven by the significant decrease in the equity markets, and compounded by the continued liquidity and credit market dislocation. While we have instituted the appropriate actions to mitigate the impact, a 10% equity decline cannot be offset within the timeframe of a quarter. In my remarks, I am going to address the asset impairment, equity and credit market impacts within our results, the positive impact of our tax planning, insight into the implementation of our expense plans to improve margins, and finally, an overview of the quality of our balance sheet, liquidity, and strong capital position. We are also providing supplemental information in our earnings release to give insight in to understanding the market driven underperformance in the quarter. So, let's begin with the asset impairment. In the first quarter we booked a write-down due to the difficult credit environment. We had $24 million in pre-tax net investment losses, primarily due to other than temporary impairment, impairments of three AA rated, Alt A mortgage back securities, which impacted the EPS by $0.07. This compared to $0.02 EPS benefit from net realized gained last year for a net swing of $0.09. Remember that this impairment is materially lower than the industry has experienced, and represents a small fraction of our overall balance sheet. As we discussed in prior quarters, while we are subject to mark-to-market volatility, the quality of our portfolio still remains sound and has held up quite well. We continue to analyze and monitor it, and our comfortable with our exposures, which I'll cover in more detail shortly. Next when we issued 2007 10-K, we outlined our company's sensitivity to equity market movements. This disclosure reflected a hypothetical 10% change in the S&P 500, that happens at one point in time and which remains the same for a one year period, pretty unlikely. If this were to happen we would forecast a $141 million pre-tax impact to earnings for that one year period. The reality is, what happened in the first quarter of 2008, is almost as dramatic as a hypothetical case. In the quarter, we experienced the 5% year-over-year decreased in S&P 500, with a 10% increase within the quarter. The FTSE 100 dropped 8% year-over-year and 12% within the quarter. This real world scenario generates approximately $130 million in negative full year PTI earnings impact versus $141 million in our 10-K. Now because of the front-loading of the impact from DAC to amortization, we incurred almost $15 million in negative impact just within the first quarter, compared to $32 million if you use a simple average. In addition not reflected into 10-K adjustment for full year impact, the $140 million was the market exposure of an additional $0.09 associated with equity market impacts to our seed money and owned tax performance, the negative impact of our variable annuity hedge program, and the year-over-year impact of yield declines on our $4 billion short-term liquidity [portfolio]. To summarize, the first quarter was impacted by $0.07 and after tax net realized investment losses; $0.14 related to declines in management fees and the impact of DAC amortization; and $0.09 related to market impacts on short-term investments, seed and owned hedge investments, and the net effect of our variable annuity hedge program. The amount of this impact is $0.30 in quarter. Going forward, assuming a steady equity market, we would expect to recognize the remaining 80 million of the full year 130 million equity market impact, as well as approximately $45 million from lower short-term interest rate. So under this scenario for the balance of the year, the pre-tax and earnings impact would be a negative $125 million non-accounting for any proactive actions to improve margins on our part. Now as if markets weren't enough, during the quarter we adopted FAS 157, which had positive $6 million impact. Beginning in the first quarter of 2008 we are required to you use a credit spreads and discounting our VA rider liabilities. And given the current wide spreads, this new methodology could significantly increase the volatility of this liability evaluation. Now let's turn to taxes. On the positive side in the quarter, we generated reduction in ongoing tax liability of $0.16 associated with exceptional tax adjustment relating to release of tax reserves. All these significantly lowered our effective tax rate in the quarter, we expect our effective tax rate for the balance of 2008 and the full year 2009, will be in the 24% to 26% range. With regard to the expense management, we initiated additional expense management programs to supplement our planned re-engineering program. These programs however contemplate a continuation of on ongoing investment in growth and infrastructure, while reducing certain G&A expenses in light of market conditions. Our G&A expense is under last year and down substantially sequentially. Going forward, we expect to be very focused on managing expenses to boost the margins during this challenging period. This leads me to my final point about consistent balance sheet strength. As I said, we continue to have a very high quality portfolio that has performed exceptionally well under these market stresses. We have no significant portfolio allocation change since we walked you through the details last quarter Despite historical dislocation in the fixed income markets, we remain comfortable with all our exposures including commercial real estate or excuse me commercial real estate mortgage, residential mortgages and asset back securities. We've updated our websites with all the relevant information. Now, I would like to spend some time talking about Alt-A and sub-prime mortgages. The amounts in this category are $1.1 billion and $247 million respectively. There have been material changes in the pricing of various components of these portfolios in the quarter, which we believe is primarily driven by liquidity and technical market issues and not fundamental credit deterioration. For these securities, we have an internal risk assessment process. This risk evaluation considers various factors including long quality, structural protection, collateral enhancement, seasoning, geographic concentration, and our assessment of current and future trend lines. In the first quarter we recorded other than [temporary] impairments of our securities in the highest risk category. As mentioned previously, those were three AA rated, Alt-A bonds. The remaining book value is approximately $13 million. Our internal watch list the next level down consists primarily of AAA securities backed by Alt-A collateral with a book value of $135 million, and a market value of $90 million. We did not take impairments in the first quarter based upon our assessment of the integrity of the underlying cash flows and the current market conditions, The remaining all Alt-A, sub-prime tax securities are primarily AAA rated securities with strong underlying cash flow integrity. These securities have a sound level of credit enhancement versus the collateral risk, which provides ample cushion even in the event that housing market conditions worsen from today's level. We remain comfortable with the investment portfolio and will continue to closely monitor securities we hold. We have more than adequate liquidity to hold these securities to mature. In fact in terms of our liquidity position, we maintain substantial liquid with close $4 billion in cash and cash equivalents on hand, up 60% from a year ago and essentially where we were last quarter. Our capital position remains strong. Jim mentioned we have increased our access cap position even while we are repurchased our common stock. Our adjusted-to-capital ratio was 21%, 17% excluding non-recourse debt and with equity credit for our Hybrids. In closing I'd like to reiterate, that while we have built a diversified business, we remain sensitive to equity market. It was a tough quarter for us dealing with 10% drop in the equity markets. That said I'm comfortable for our risk management, our decision framer and our ability to manage through difficult environments. The strength of our balance sheet and capital position provide us with the unique positioning of flexibility whether the volatility of the market. We will continue to be prudent in our approach to growing the business over the long term or diligently controlling our expense base and exposures. Thank you.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We are open for our questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).Our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Great, thank you. Two questions please. First in terms of the market, sensitively if I just look at your, I think it's page 2, you talk about a $0.23 per share impact on the market and then $0.09 per share expected to continue if markets remain at current levels. So, where is that mark-to-market? In other words does that pay as of last week or as of the end of the first quarter, when you think current levels what specific level you are referring to? And then the second question is just on… we know that's out there. On the excess capital, you've mentioned twice in your comments that the excess capital is higher than what it was recently after buying back stock, but you are still using this commentary of over billion dollars. So I am just trying to understand what that means. Is that just the excess risk based capital, does it include debt capacity. I mean when you say the excess capital has gotten better, but you are kind of phrasing it the same way. Why aren't you saying that it's actually higher than $1 billion, $1.5 billion or whatever it actually is? Thanks
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, tense question that was as of 3/31 that we did that calculation. As it relates to the access capital we are not counting debt capacity within that, and obviously the increase in our capital position relate to the capital generation we have and the capital that's required to managing the business, which as we've indicated is less, as we are growing our lower capital intense activities. And when we deduct the amount that we've been using to repurchase the shares, it is growing, and yes we are still using in excess of $1 billion. But it has nothing to do with our debt capacity.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and again the 3/31 '08 is where you marked it, so the 4% market increase since then is not in that number?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is correct.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you,
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Hey good evening. Couple of questions. I guess the first one is to start off is, I was very interested in your general and admin year-over-year reduction of 5% to $32 million. Walter you just said that you were going to decrease certain G&A in light of the market conditions. Could you give us a little more clarity around exactly what you are able to decrease, and what your plans are for that line item for the balance of the year? Can you keep it constant? Sure enough [inaudible] the question?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure what we've been doing as Jim has indicated we certainly have our regularly re-engineering program, and certainly looking at the market conditions. The things that we are looking at is the amount of advertising expenditures that we look… that really in evaluating the effectiveness in these markets and certainly we are prioritizing now some of our investment spend and even though we are continuing to invest in the activities, we are prioritizing in that and also looking at certain number of expenditures as it relates to staffing and non-core customer facing activities.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: And Walter can you keep this expense level at sort of a flattish level from here out for the year on a quarterly basis. Is that the idea or is that possible?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's the idea.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Great. Now shifting over just real quickly on the Property Casualty business, the loss ratio at nearly 80% combined and 96.6, pretty elevated relative to prior quarters. The thoughts on the rise in that number and your feeling about the outlook over the balance of the year?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right now what has elevated, we certainly feel we have been able to maintain our… certainly our rates and our performance on the, our basic claims has been good. We anticipate that we'll be able to stay within our ranges during the year.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Ranges meaning like a…?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As we perform there.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Loss ratio so know… What range do you think you can keep the loss ratio inside, is there some number you can tell us?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: Andrew this is Laura. I don't think there is anything unusual going on an in the first quarter except for may be a small amount of storm. So I think you can assume that where we are at today would continue barring any unusual event.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay, and then just lastly on the performance. I thought it was kind of an interesting comment that. I guess Jim you were sort of talking, it sounded to me like your RiverSource division is taking or has taken a very bullish stance on the market and that's hurt the one year performance and its sound like they are maintaining that stance. I don't know what, are you concerned about this. What are your thoughts on the outlook performance? Why would you expect it to turn around? I mean, if the markets remain weak, we could be in a very difficult situation with their performance. So what is your confidence in this group?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think we're monitoring the situation closely. Of course our positioning and our view and economist view is that there will be inflationary pressures as we move further into the year. The economy would pick up a bit based upon the stimulus packages and so our portfolios have been set. Now that has negatively affected us in the first quarter, but that was the reason and so we wanted to explain that. But they feel that they are monitoring the situation closely making some adjustment to the portfolio, but still feel that's their positioning at this point.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: All right, Thanks a lot.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Hi, let's see just two earnings questions. Let me just start with Asset Management, segment reported $18 million of earnings, and I know you highlighted some of the tax to the market. I guess the first was seed investments, hurt you by $10 million and then management fees were down $10 million. So if we kind of go down that path, it would imply, if we assume that seed investments came back, that normalized earnings were closer to $8 million [ph]. Walter is that, is $28 million realistically a normal number or there any other big unusual pushing that number down, because there was a… from last quarter obviously a pretty big swing?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think if you go to table I think actually we've taken it from $18 million to $38 million and then of course we are making investment outside distribution this year, which is substantially higher then last year, which we think is… and we continue to make that… we think it's a prudent investment.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: This is Laura. I would just also like to remind you that in the fourth quarter we record our hedge fund performance fees for Threadneedle, which would have some of the sequential impact.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: And I guess Walter I was just only adding back 10 because presumably the depressed management fees assuming the market remains were it is would be sustained.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, if that is the case you are correct in that assumption, but we are trying before the market, since we did this 331 it was already up 4.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Understood, but if we try and look at the variance in analysis of earning more than $100 million in 4Q to let's call it $38 million in this quarter. Does that imply that the combination of performance fees plus seed investments. If you look that just from 4Q to 1Q added over $70 million to earnings. Was the number of that substantial in 4Q?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think there's two things taking place. One, as Laura mentioned, obviously in 4Q we have the hedge fund. The other thing is look at the market drop between the 4Q and that is fairly substantial and it will affect us, but it is a factor of the… management fees are subject to the market impacts.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. The other question I've is on the annuity business. There were several add backs there, one of the largest ones was DAC and DSIC and looks like the add back there was $25 million. At least that was described as being depressed due to the market being weak. Now if I look at the actual amortization of DAC for the quarter. It was actually, the amortization rate was actually bound in 1Q versus 4Q from I guess what about $80 million to $79 million. And I just want to get a sense for when you look out prospectively, is that amortization really going to drop by that much, because actually the DAC balance went up in the quarter, it actually wrote… it actually got written up a little bit, due to I guess...
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: Yeah Tom, there is actually three things going on and the way to think about this, one is just a normal amortization of DAC. The other is the aspect where we are re-forecasting gross profits that's impacted by the market, which result in a higher DAC amortization in the period where you have the point-to-point market change. And then the third is the DAC offset from the VA rider liability. So if you take… we disclosed in the supplement the change in the hedge asset.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Right.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: The difference between DAC and the change in those VA rider liabilities, about 50% of that difference is generally offset in DAC and so that's the positive you are seeing offset the negative this quarter. You have to look all three components to really understand those moments.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And as it relates DAC main version, that is impacted from the January 1st to January 31st, which is a 10% impact which you get that effect in this quarter and if the rates stay this way, there should be minimal impact down to the year.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: And I just simplified. When I think about this going forward, is it fair to say if the market does its normal up to 2% per quarter let say prospectively that you would only be amortizing the 79 minus 25, so you get closer like 54?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me say my way. If the market went up you would obviously then have the reverse of the main reversion negatively to. It was based among the percentage coming back.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: Tom, I will be happy to walk you through some more details.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: I will, yeah, I will follow-up thanks.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But that's strictly subject to the market moment. So if the market improved you would get, you would obviously have the reverse effect.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jeff Schuman from KBW. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good afternoon. Wanted to come back to the issue of the VA rider hedge impact? If I am looking on page 10 of the press release, I see a VA rider hedge impact of negative $7 million, but that is apparently negative… that's the net of the positive impact of implementing FAS-157. I go to page 19 of the supplement. It looks like in the variable annuity business the cumulative effect of the accounting change associated with FAS-157 was $36 million to the positives. So would I be right in assuming that the VA rider hedge impact was $43 million gross and then net of the $36 million is how we get to $7 million. Is that correct?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: Jeff, if you go to page 18 of the supplemental.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Yes.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: And I can walk you through this here, but we give you the change in hedge and the change in the mark-to-market for the liability. FAS-157 basically an implementation from January 1st to March 31st changed how you value those liabilities, so that impact is embedded in that change in liability for the derivatives.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, I guess just may be just heading to the point. So what was the VA rider hedge impact in the quarter excluding this implementation of FAS-157?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: So you are asking us really to back out the change in how we value the liability, and how it would have looked if we valued it under the old methodology?
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: May be I am not understanding you.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: To our point as we put down on our schedule, the VA rider hedge impact was a minus seven and that's inclusive of the six.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I'm not sure, where the six comes from?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: It's on the foot note.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's on the foot note. Just take a look at the footnote where it says the DAC impact, included in there is the 157 impact which was a six positive and included in… if you take a look at the pretax and the VA rider impact. Its says, it's seven inclusive of the six benefit.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, I will ask the follow-up later, because I am still seeing a 36 impact… 19. Okay. So, in other words the VA rider hedge impact was not terribly out of balance with what you have had in recent quarters?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is correct and actually what reaffirms the way we evaluate this actually pretty spot on.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Next question you do have the substantial $4 billion exposure to short-term investments that seems to be costing you a bit given where rates are. Is there any possibility now of lengthening that portfolio and offsetting some of that impact?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, as we said before, the answer is yes. And what we… the basic premise on that is we feel now we can be compensated for taking the risk and prudently now reinvesting that out, not all that obviously, but certainly a portion of it.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And that effort is underway currently?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is correct.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. And then lastly, just to be clear, it sounded like employee advisor retention was good and yet the number of advisors dropped, I think by a few hundred sequentially. Is that all just due to lower recruiting? Is that the idea?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it's really… the franchisee actually is net positive and the retention even there has gone up higher. It's really in the new advisor, the novice recruitment, where we've continued to scale back. And so, the numbers that you are seeing is because we significant reduced the number of new hires there.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator's Instructions] Our next question comes from Eric Berg from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much. I was… if we could go back page 10 of the release, we were talking about the market impact in the quarter. And if you could identify the specific line items that in turn comprise the $0.09 a share that you think will carry on depressing earnings if the market stays at current levels, at least if I read the narrative of the news release correctly.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: Yes, that's basically… this is Laura, Eric. That's basically the two components of the lower asset levels on the management fees.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: $0.06 a share?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: And the investment… excuse me, the lower interest rate on the cash and short-term investments.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: So, would that be the first line item in each of the two sort of panels of data caption market impact to $0.06 and the $0.03 a share?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: That's correct.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then, Walter, I just want to make sure I understood. In the sort of body of your prepared remarks, you were talking about, and perhaps this was relating to Suneet's comments… questions earlier on in our conversation, you were talking about the ongoing impact of the market and you were citing certain dollar figures. Can you go over again the thought that you were trying to get across and the numbers that you used to communicate that? Do you know what I am talking about here?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Eric, I do. What I was characterizing from that standpoint was that there was two components. If you are talking about one, what we talked about in the 10-K, and what I was saying in the 10-K, we specifically went over that we would have an event and it will be a 10% drop. And that would drive $141 million PTI impact from day one for one year after. Okay?
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And what actually happened in the quarter was we had accommodation of pretty close to that with the S&P at 5% on a year-over-year. But as we indicate, the DAC is driven by the change in the quarter, which is 10% and then the footsey [ph] had an 8% average and a 12% in the quarter impact, which pretty much modeled that impact, which brought to state of $141 million that's in the 10-K. It brought us around $130 million. And in the first quarter, as you can see taking a look on page 10 and looking at the $49 million of the… where it says market impacts items estimated in 10-K, we recurred $49 million of the $130 million. And that was the point. So we… because of the DAC front-loading that we took the majority impact there. Whereas if you just divide the 130 by 4… again, I am not saying you would, you would come to 32 or difference is 17 million. Is that clear?
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Yes, it is. Thank you.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tamara Kravec from Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America: Thank you. I have a couple of questions. First, I guess just a broader question about your hedging programs and just on terms of what we've seen in the first quarter, how do you think those are holding up? Would you make any changes? Is there anything you're seeing in your program in light of having this test in the first quarter? And my second question is on VA sales and what you are seeing there more broadly? Are your sales well above 2 billion, which seems pretty good? Your surrenders actually improved, which is interesting. So, I am curious what you are seeing in terms of consumer activity, both on sales and withdrawals more broadly?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the hedge program, we actually implemented a new model in first quarter and we're actually quite pleased with its performance. We are extending its scope as it relates to other indices other than S&P, which gave us boarder coverage. So, we look quite comfortable with its performance in the quarter even despite the volatility. And obviously, we'll continue to perfect it. But we feel very good with the current performance characteristic.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the VA sales, sales have slowed from where we were a year ago based on again the equity markets and people's appetite at one level, but they are holding pretty good overall for us on a net basis as we highlighted in the quarter.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America: And are you... I guess are you getting a general sense that despite the equity market volatility that you can sell into this market and consumers are not as apt to withdraw because of fees or surrenders or --?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we are not seeing people withdraw at this point in time. As I said, I think the sales level has slowed at that from where we were a year ago because of the equity markets in the last two quarters. But we do feel that that will come back again as markets either stabilize or improve. But overall, we think that the level of sales activity is still good for this market.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America: Okay. And then on the hedge fund and seed loss that you had, how should we think about that in terms of the $0.09 recurring? I guess what's really driving that and why would that not continue for the remaining quarters in sort of flat to down markets?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Two events. One is we've actually brought down the amount of hedge and seed money we have. And so, that would mitigate the exposure. And we've refocused our hedge programs on it. And so, we think we have actually mitigated a reasonable portion of it.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America: Okay. And just lastly on the investment portfolio, as you're looking at your portfolio in just more broadly in terms of the credit markets, are you seeing anything spreading into CMBS even the slightest bit, because I guess the Alt-A or the AAA, they are probably prime, right? So are you seeing your balance sheet just much more resilient to what we are seeing more broadly in the market?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Basically yes. We feel our portfolio continues to perform the way we… the underlying evaluation have been established. And while it's all under pressure, as we talked about it, from the standpoint of the markets which we feel are most liquidity driven, the credit quality of it's remained.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America: Okay. And are you are taking advantage… you say you have excess capital. You have the ability that seems to take advantage of some of the dislocation. Is there anything that you were thinking about in terms of your strategy and your portfolio to move into some of these classes?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are looking selectively again. As we say, we are being awarded for looking at the short-time corporates. We are looking at some of the Alt-A. We are looking at and very selectively again where there is enough collateral enhancement there that we feel comfortable with. And we are again matching it just on our investment. We are matching it to our liability characteristics. So, we have a complete valuation that's been performed and that we are executing against it.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America: Okay. Thank you
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. Just… I am sorry I dwelled on this, but again on page 10 where you talk about the impact of the equity markets, when you say the $0.09 ongoing and you say $0.03 of that is related to short-term interest rate, is that the same issue that I believe you responded to, maybe it was Jeff Schuman's question about thinking about the short-term portfolio and perhaps investing that a little bit longer now that you are being compensated for taking on risk or is that a completely separate thing?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, that is the same. And obviously, this was taken as it is at this point in time. So, if that's the rate play, if we invest more, that would then reduce that exposure, because you pick up the higher spread.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Right. And then you obviously that you are in fact investing.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, all right. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I'm showing no further questions.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you very much for joining us on the call today. I will be in my office later this evening. The number is 612-671-2080, and we'll be happy to answer any follow-up questions you have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, everyone, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the first quarter 2008 earnings call. Thank you participating. You may all disconnect

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - VP IR James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter S. Berman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein Andrew Kligerman - UBS Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Laura Gagnon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you. Welcome to the Ameriprise Financial Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman CEO; and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we would be happy to take your question. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures like adjusted earnings, which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company's operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's material available on our website. Some of the statement that we make on this call maybe forward-looking statements, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainty. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today's earnings release. Our 2006 annual report to shareholders, and our 2006 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon everyone and before I get started I know it's been a tough few weeks for every one given what's happening in the markets, and I am sure all of you have been pretty busy. So I appreciate you joining us for this call. This was another good quarter for Ameriprise Financial despite some very tough market conditions. Our operating results continue to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our business. While we would obviously like to see some stability and strength in the capital markets, and while we are not immune, I feel good about our solid position. For the quarter and the full year, we generated good operating performance, our balance sheet remained solid, and we delivered on our growth goals. For the quarter, net revenues grew 8% to $2.3 billion, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased14% to $1.16, and adjusted ROE finished the year at 12.6%. There are some disclosed items and investment gains in those numbers, which all told, net out to a benefit of $0.13 per diluted share. These items are detailed in the press release, but I want to make sure we don't lose the underlying message here. Our operating results were solid in the quarter. Maybe most important of all, in this environment, our balance sheet continued to perform well. We have always taken a conservative approach to managing our balance sheet assets, we have maintained a very strict risk discipline. And while that leaves some money on the table during rising equity markets and more favorable credit markets, it also means we have been able to avoid any material investment write-downs during this time of extraordinary volatility. Now, let me review some highlights of our results during the quarter. We serve the mass affluent and affluent market in personalized financial planning relationships, and the 10% growth in assets from this group of clients demonstrates that our strategy is working. We believe consumers need financial planning across market cycles, but perhaps most when markets are challenging. More people already come to us for financial planning than any other firm, and we believe that the current demographics gives us a great opportunity to build on our lead. Revenue per advisor increased 11%, though it slowed somewhat from the third quarter due to market conditions as clients moved to higher cash positions. Our advisors continue to be focused on serving more affluent and mass affluent clients and deepening existing relationships. Meanwhile, we are focused on providing improved advisor marketing support and technology tools, as well as innovative and broad product offerings. In fact, we are in the early stages of our largest training effort ever. We are bringing the vast majority of our branded advisors to Minneapolis over the next several months to help them implement their new marketing tools, our enhanced client experience and financial planning focus, and the new desktop technology we are rolling out. Cap Gemini has said we will have the leading technology tools in the industry for financial-planning focused advisors, and we are bringing the advisors here to make sure they get the most out of the investments we are making for them. Overall, advisor satisfaction continued to be quite strong. In fact, our franchisee advisor retention remains very strong at 93%. And as you know, this is our largest, most seasoned and most productive group of advisors. Consistent with the past several quarters, we are continuing the re-engineering of our employee advisor platform, which is the reason for our lower total advisor number. We are reducing the number of employee advisors we are hiring and focusing on advisors who are more likely to succeed. At the same time, we are further developing our efforts to recruit more experienced advisors. Owned, managed, and administered assets increased 3% over a year ago to $480 billion. However, coming off 12% increase for the third quarter, we saw assets decrease on a sequential basis due to market declines, foreign currency translation and continued outflows of lower-margin, Zurich-related assets at Threadneedle. In terms of overall flows, the performance of our wrap business continued to be strong. We now have $94 billion in total wrap assets, which is up 23% from a year ago, with $1.8 billion in net inflows in the quarter. For the third consecutive quarter, and despite some market-related slowing, RiverSource Funds net flows were positive, and we recorded net inflows of $500 million for all of 2007, the first year in many that we have been in net inflows. We have reached this milestone sooner than we have expected primarily because of the strength of our new, innovative goal-based solutions. Our investment performance is another key contributor to these flows, and while we faced some challenges during the quarter, when you look at our short-term performance on an asset-weighted basis, it remains competitive. In addition, our three and five year track records remain solid, with 68% of equity funds above the median on an asset-weighted basis for three-year performance, and 58% above the median for five year performance. In the annuities business, we continued to realize good variable annuity inflows, with $1.1 billion of net inflows in the quarter and inflows of $4.4 billion for the year. At the same time, like many other annuities providers, we continue to manage outflows in fixed annuities based upon the interest rate environment. As we have said, we expect these fixed annuity outflows to continue over the near term. Threadneedle's investment performance has been quite strong. In fact, their equity performance for all of 2007 was the firm's best ever. They continue to experience asset outflows, but, as I mentioned, most of that is driven by outflows of low-margin Zurich assets, partially offset by asset growth in higher-margin products. Threadneedle continues to provide valuable geographic diversity to our results, and that diversity is increasing. In 2007, the majority of Threadneedle's sales were in Continental Europe. Our insurance businesses also produced another solid quarter, with life insurance in force growing 8% compared with last year and reaching $187 billion. Total Protection segment premiums increased 4% in a slow growth environment. Overall, cash sales, returns, and margins were solid in the Protection segment. So in total, I think you can see that the underlying measures for the business are strong. Now I'd like to give you some brief insight into our balance sheet and expense management. As we shared in detail on last quarter's call, we have very little exposure to the sub-prime market; and as a result, we have not taken material write-downs. While the problems in the credit market have clearly expanded recently, our balance sheet remains strong, and we feel good about it. Walter will take you through more detail shortly. We told you last quarter that we would be in the market buying back our shares and returning capital to shareholders, and we did that. We bought back 4.8 million shares at a cost of $283 million, and for the year we returned $948 million through buybacks. We continue to believe this is an effective use of our capital in the current environment. It goes without saying that we are in a market-sensitive business, and we believe we have established the flexibility necessary to navigate through this difficult environment. We are prepared to pull the expense levers necessary to maintain earnings. We plan to be more aggressive in our reengineering efforts; and while we will continue to invest in long-term growth, we are slowing our level of investment in the business. In addition, we're in the process of implementing a flexible expense plan. We are identifying expenses we can cut or defer to manage the company through a longer-term weakening of the markets and the economy, and we will implement these plans relative to the depth and breadth of the market impact. We are confident that we have a compelling long-term opportunity, and we are going to keep pursuing that opportunity. But we are going to do so prudently. So overall, the business performed well in the quarter and quite well for the full year. I feel good about the foundation we have put in place, including our strong balance sheet and, in particular, about our ability to weather the current markets. We have delivered on our financial targets, and we are in a solid position. Now, Walter will take you through some more of the detail from the quarter, and after that we will take your questions.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim. Before I go into the details of the quarter, I would like to reinforce Jim's overall view of our results. It was a good, solid quarter given the markets we operate today. We reported adjusted earnings of $1.16 per share. That represents a 14% increase over last year. There were several disclosed items in the quarter that positively impacted our earnings by a net $0.13 cents per share. Based on normalized operating performance for both periods, we still met our growth targets. The disclosed items are described in detail in our release and supplement, so I am not going to go into detail here. To make sure you understand the impacts, we had two large benefits plus net investment gains, and these were partially offset by increased legal and contingency reserves, as well the impact of the extraordinary market movements. All these impacts net to a benefit of $0.13 per share. Now, I will move on to discuss our operating results. In the quarter, reported net revenues were up 8%. We had strong growth in management and financial advice fees, which were up 25% over a year ago. This fee growth was driven by strong wrap net flows, variable annuity flows, and higher yields on our managed assets, including higher Threadneedle hedge fund performance fees. This increase was partially offset by lower distribution fees, due to the unusually high fees from REIT sales recorded in the fourth quarter of last year, and lower net investment income from declining fixed annuity balances. On the expense side, total expenses before separation costs increased 8% over the fourth quarter of 2006, reflecting increased business activity and market impacts. Our general and administrative expenses were up only 3% compared with a year ago. These expenses included higher hedge fund performance compensation, higher costs associated with the build-out of Ameriprise Bank, and the technology investment in the fourth quarter of 2007. These increases were partially offset by the impact of consolidations under EITF 04-5. The technology investments, which we do not expect to continue at this level, were primarily incurred in the Advice and Wealth Management segment, and while I won't go through every segment, I would like to spend some time on our results in Advice and Wealth Management. The segment generated pretax income of $34 million for the quarter, down 8% from last year. This was driven by three key factors. Lower distribution fee income due to clients reinvesting the proceeds from REIT liquidations in the fourth quarter of 2006, and lower earnings in the bank and certificates line due to start-up investments. These were offset by decreased legal and regulatory, and contingency reserves allocated to the segment. Adjusting for the items I've just mentioned, our normalized PTI growth rate would be in the 15% to 20% range. Looking at the sequential trends, there is a seasonal impact on G&A expenses in the segment. These expenses tend to be higher in the fourth quarter, and this seasonality was exacerbated by this year's higher level of investments in technology. For the full year, on a reported basis, PTI margin in the segment was 7.5%, up from 5.9% in 2006, primarily driven by top-line growth. So that's what happened during the quarter. Given the market conditions, what didn't happen is equally important. The balance sheet remains very sound. During the quarter, our total impairments were less than $3 million on a base of $35 billion. There are four important elements that comprise our strong balance sheet position, asset quality, investment and risk management capabilities, capital position, and liquidity. I will go into some detail on these. In case you miss anything, remember that our remarks will be posted on our website. I will start with asset quality. We continue to have a very high quality portfolio that has performed well under these market stresses. First, our exposure to financial guarantors is limited to guarantees provided on invested assets on our balance sheet. We have no wrapped transactions, no counterparty exposure, and no backup or liquidity facilities. At the end of the year, within our total $35 billion portfolio, we had $722 million of enhanced securities, $597 million of which was in municipals and $125 million in asset backed securities. Keep in mind that about half of municipal bonds are enhanced securities. It is important to note that as we evaluate securities, we base our investment decisions on the integrity of the direct investment cash flow. We do not rely on the guarantee. Next, I want to update you on our mortgage and asset backed portfolios, all of which are performing within acceptable ranges given current market conditions. Our structured asset portfolio totals $10.4 billion, with $6.3 billion of residential mortgage backed securities, $3 billion of commercial mortgage backed securities and $1.1 billion of asset backed securities. Our residential mortgage backed securities portfolio of $6.3 billion is 96% AAA rated. This portfolio is seasoned, and has a shorter duration and better convexity than the mortgage index. Over 70% of the portfolio, $4.5 billion is agency backed. They are Ginnie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Fannie Mae securities, which carry an explicit or implicit guarantee of the U.S. Government. Our non-agency mortgage exposure totals $1.8 billion, 85% rated AAA. These include our Alt-A exposure of $1.2 billion, which I have discussed with you before. As of last week, our Alt-A portfolio had a market value of 96% of book. That covers our residential mortgage-backed securities exposure. Now let's move on to our commercial mortgage-backed securities portfolio. Our commercial mortgage-backed securities portfolio totals $3 billion, over 99% AAA-rated. These bonds have seasoned collateral, predominantly 2005 and earlier vintages. The underlying credits we hold continue to perform very well, with delinquency rates well below the overall CMBS market. As of last week, these bonds had a market value of 101% of book. Next, I will cover our asset-backed securities exposure. Our asset backed securities portfolio of $1.1 billion is 95% AAA-rated. $449 million are securitized small business loans backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. $378 million are other assets, primarily credit cards, automobile loans, and student loans, 89% of which are AAA rated. In addition, this category contains $241 million of securities backed by some sub-prime residential mortgages. 93% of this book is rated AAA-rated. Last quarter, we reviewed this portfolio with you. The characteristics of this high quality portfolio remain the same. As of last week, this portfolio had a market value of 94% of book. Now let's turn to our traditional real estate loan portfolio of $3.1 billion. It is also of very high quality. We look at the underlying cash flows of the properties in assessing these loans. Cash flow coverage ratios average 1.83 times, and there are have been no delinquencies in the past 12 months. Loan-to-value ratios continue to be conservative, averaging 54%. This portfolio is diversified by both property type and geography. We are continuing to monitor our corporate credit exposures of $13.9 billion carefully. The investment grade portion is highly diversified and is positioned with a preference towards non-cyclicals, and a bias toward regulated industries and asset-rich companies. The below investment grade bonds of $1.7 billion and bank loans of $.3 billion, combine to form our high yield portfolio, which comprises 6% of our invested assets. This part of the portfolio is highly diversified from an industry standpoint, with a focus on credits that are generating free cash flow through economic cycles. The homebuilder sector is the component of our portfolio that is currently experiencing the most dislocation. Our exposure to homebuilders is limited to $181 million, or just over one-half of 1%. As of December 31, unrealized losses on these holdings were $31 million. So, overall our asset quality remains strong, and the portfolio is performing as expected. There have been no surprises. We will continue to monitor our balance sheet very closely as market conditions change. Moving to our investment and risk management capabilities, we have built a very strong infrastructure, and believe our investment team is one of the best in the industry. We also just completed building our enterprise risk management team and believe we have the resources, people and tools, necessary to manage our balance sheet and market related exposures. You will recall that last quarter we reported an after-DAC, after-tax loss related to living benefits of $21 million, driven in part by our incomplete GMAB hedging program. With our hedging program essentially complete, our after-DAC, after tax loss is relating to living benefits dropped to $9 million. This negative impact was offset by the impact of SOP 03-1. The third component of balance sheet strength is capital. Our overall capital position remains strong. Even with the repurchase of well over $900 million in shares in 2007, we continue to hold over $1 billion in excess capital. At the end of the year, our debt to capital ratio was 20.5%, or 16.6% excluding non-recourse debt and including equity credit for hybrid notes. Finally, our liquidity position is also very strong, with over $3.8 billion in cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year. I know that's a lot of detail on our balance sheet, but we think it is important in the current market conditions to clearly communicate our balance sheet strength. To reiterate, the underlying business metrics remain solid, and we met our goals for revenue and EPS growth and ROE. We are pleased with this performance and with our balance sheet, and we are committed to taking the actions necessary to manage through the current market environment. Thank you.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We are now...would like to take any questions that you may have. So, we are open. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jeff Schuman from KBW. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good afternoon. Jim, given the difficult markets, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about your ability to adjust expenses in the near term in the Advice and Wealth Management business. And then second question I had for Walter; a little bit of clarification on disclosed items, not quite sure how the tax affected. If you take the $63 million in tax affected, I don't think we come out to $0.13. Some of the items are not tax affected. And also I am not clear what the mean reversion items are there...in the disclosed items. That's it, thank you.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Let me start with the expenses. We do have the ability to manage the expenses and flexibility around it. As we have mentioned over the last two years, we upped our level of investment. We think was critical to take advantage and some of the opportunities that we saw and closed on gaps that we had in our infrastructure. Significant part of those investments particularly were in the Advice and Wealth Management and particularly in places like the technology area for what we have been implementing over the course of this year, I mean of last year. So, we do have the ability to differ some of the any incremental expenses if necessary, but our overall investment agenda we have actually brought down any way, because we really was planned to do so as we moved into 2008. From an expense perspective, we have also upped our focus on reengineering, and so we have even a more aggressive plan for reengineering opportunities in 2008 over 2007. And we were quite successful in 2007. And we have the ability to manage some of the near term expenses for various programs depending on market conditions. And we already put in place our flexible spending plans today. And we will be able to pull those levels depending on market conditions. So we feel are able to navigate and generate some savings there and reduce our costs moving forward, and depending on how long the market stay the way they do and impact the revenue, we can even make it that more aggressive and cut investments further. So, that's in that area. And I would also say in the Advice and Wealth Management, as I said some of the investments clearly work in that area in 2007 and to a heavy extend. We have also made some changes in the management and in structure of that business and some of the slowing of the new P1s and the activities of how we reduce some of the cost will give us some benefits in 2008. So that we are continuing, and we are looking continuing for some productivity improvements, and that's why we are going to some of this aggressive training right now in the first quarter of this year.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, on the second part of your question; the tax rate for any item that you basically increment that you are taking...we use the statutory tax rate, 35%. So we have been doing that and I think it's fairly traditional for most companies to do that. So if a reconciliation acquired, you can well do this more, but that's the basis of indoor effective tax rate is at a lower rate as you are taking off or adjusting, you usually use the 35% tax rate, because that's the impact it will have. As related to the...
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I want to follow-up, because you placed 35% to the $63 million. I don't you think get the $0.13. I can follow-up later on that.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, okay. Let's see where we are off. I think we feel pretty confident on that one. The...on the DAC; what we are saying it since the DAC, we adjust for the movement and equity marks, then in each month and obviously each quarter as it affects the gross profits as we evaluate the insurance activities. So that's the impact of it. We are adjusting now for the future gross profits as the market moves.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: So, essentially mean reversion refers to some degree of unlocking in DAC because of the market; is that correct?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely, due to movements in equity market. Yes.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thank you.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are quite welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you. Two quick questions hopefully. First, in your 2006 10-K in the footnotes there you discussed the earnings impact from a 10% decline in the equity 500, and I think...in the equity markets. And I think you sited the number as of 2006 yearend at $127 million pretax. I was wondering first if you could provide an update of that...for that number for 2007, or is that $127 million still a good rule of thumb to use. And then secondly, could you just provide an update of what you are seeing in terms of third party distribution of the RiverSource funds, that was something that you had talked about in the past, I am just wondering where you are with that. Thanks.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Walter. Let me take the first one. It is a good rule of thumb to use. It's still pretty close, that's what we have used in our filings. And that assumes...it happens to the full year on day one. Okay? and then for second part...
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay on the second, on the distribution of RiverSource funds externally; we did put in place the infrastructure, we have wholesalers on the ground. And over the last part of last year, we generated a few hundred million dollars of inflows. And we feel good about the progress we are making to ramp that up with feet on the ground in 2008.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Can you provide any color in terms of number of channels that you are in or number of wire houses or anything like that just to give us a sense of how it's going?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have actually...I don't have the exact number in front of me, but we have a good number of agreements signed and of both in the broker dealer channel as well as in the bank channel, and we are continuing to make good progress. So, we are able to now distribute to a good number of reps; we will provide that detail on our coming quarter.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, that would be helpful. Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Hi, good evening. I have a question, and then I will do two quick follow-ups. First question is on the hedging related effects on one part of your release. You say that you generated $56 million in income from variable annuity related hedged and then later on you say that there was a $67 million expense due to market variable annuity leaving benefit riders and the impact of the application of SOP 3-1. So, it really kind of washed out pretty nicely and as you said earlier in the call, you had completed the hedging program. Remind me if I am right, I think before you had delta hedges and you needed to get the ROE and Vega [ph] in place and that's the first part. And the second part of it is, is the outlook...with the market down 11% year-to-date or I can even keep up with where the market is quite frankly. But with it down roughly that amount year-to-date, do you think the hedges will continue to work, if I understand correctly the way they did in the fourth quarter?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Andrew. What we had actually was the trend...which as we mentioned, we started migrating from the customized hedges that we have with government to more industry standard hedging. And we are in the mid stand of trying to adjust to the liability characteristics as the walls were changing and we said in the quarter that we did not have the GMB hedges fully in place. We have now migrated to cover the position on the GMAB and we have made full conversion following our basically using the industry standard hedging approach. So, from that standpoint the delta approach was not really what we were doing. The...as relates to the hedges right now and you saw where the long-term of walls are going, we believe that they will be performing and we will be monitoring. It is a tough market to certainly hedge positions. But the group is feeling that we have our hedges in place and we will just...we will monitor through.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Great. So Walter, are you hedging the hedge comments or do you feel pretty good that these hedges will kind of wash out again this quarter? Or you are just not sure at this stage of the game?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, as you are saw where with the walls went, it's actually almost gotten back to November's level in January. And on that basis, I am not trying to hedge my bet, no point intend. But the...I do believe as we said in the quarter, there was a $9 million impact and certainly we are targeting to operate feeling at the hedges are being affected.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay. And then, following back on that comments earlier about the decline in distribution fees of about 7% and you highlighted the REIT liquidations, what was the effective that last year. And maybe just to get a sense of what that impact was on the distribution fees?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the interesting thing last year it becomes...that's something, we changed the way we do our reporting. So, it's going to try shift for us as we evolved it. But I had...on the distribution impact it had, the range of that was about $60 million.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: $60 million...6-0.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 60, 6-0.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: 60. Okay, great.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On revenue, that's on revenue of the U.S.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Right on revenue.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: This was planned...it's within the range, Andrew. Because we can't track it specifically as reinvestment of cash proceeds; and once it becomes cash, it's tangible.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Got you. And then, the last question just on your franchisee advisors, I have been reading that you may have lost one or two big ticket advisors recently to some of your competitors maybe with Linsco [ph] or another, I can't remember. But, are you concerned about retention of some of your big ticket advisors and why might you have lost one or two of them recently there?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our overall retention and I mentioned advisor satisfaction is quite strong. I think you are always going to have an individual decision made by an advisor. I actually believe that we are in great stead. I think people really feel good about the progress we are making in the investments. We have also able to bring in a few good advisors from experience, which is the first time ever that we are at reasonable size. So I am not over concerned as one thing that we always monitor and watch, and we are always concerned about anyone leaving. But I think there are individual circumstances that people make decisions on, and we are not unhappy with the situation we are in. I actually think if you look that our productivity is quite strong compared to any of these firms that you are talking about and our satisfaction is quite and our retention is quite strong compared to all of them. So, we are going to continue to focus our efforts, and in fact to ramp up our efforts to bring in experienced people.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Great. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Hi, let's see first question is I just want to be clear the $9 million negative impact from the living benefit guarantees, with...did that hurt earnings this quarter? Or was that offset by the positive mark on the hedge?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, the $9 million was as a result of net after DAC after tax impact and that was an event. Then we had...we adopted SOP, which will offset that.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. So, the SOP 05-1 offset, I thought your SOP 05-1 from other companies has been in negative, that was a positive for you?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it was.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Approximately the same as the $9 million I mentioned.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Can you expand on...
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. So 3-1.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Right.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not 05.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Sorry, can you just expand a little bit? I just want to understand without spending too much time, but just if it can be done in simple terms, how that's a positive, the SOP 03-1.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: When we basic... when we went through our validations and trying to transfer over to looking it from 133 and then what goes in for the life contingency elements of it. The revaluing just created from that standpoint the amount of liability was reduced based on the way we have been carrying and it's that we have been a prudent...the way we have been accounting for our liability and on that basis it generated small profit.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's...we...like I said, we have always taken a pretty rigid approach on valuing our liabilities and therefore when we transferred over and move the portion over to the light side of it, it actually then resulted in small net change.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. Next question is...
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The book is quite large, so $9 million is not that big number.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Sure. The next question is the comment on DAC amortization and hedge funds and seen investment weakness. I appreciate you sort of strip that out as a one timer. Given what's happened thus far in 1Q, is it likely...it seems pretty likely that we are going to get some kind of returns to that. Is that fair assumption unless you get...we get a pretty substantial recovery in the market or am I not thinking about that the right way?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The way the mean reversion, the way the markets are that would have an impact.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay, next question is on...I just want to understand order of magnitude. Jim, you talked about the Advisor and Wealth Management, there are some flexibility on the expense side. If I look at what you reported there from a pretax earnings standpoint add back, the disclosed items I get $55 million of earnings, which is clearly on the low side. Can you talk a little bit about how much expense leverage were actually is assuming the sales numbers in the revenues remain under some pressure here. Is that...is $55 million going to be kind of an abnormally low number considering that you kind got hit by spending a lot while the market turns south, or as you're going to take a while to kind of really move of this level?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think to what Walter discussed in his talking points, there are few things that did happen in the fourth quarter. One is some extra expenses based on the level of some of the investments including remember what's in that segment is the new Ameriprise Bank as well as the certificate business that there were some impacts there in the quarter that's in that Wealth and Advice segment. The second is seasonally the fourth quarter just based on some of the expenses and how they are recorded and expenses have come in a little more heavy in the fourth quarter than in the other quarters. So from a perspective, I can't talk about what the level of advisor client activities depending on the markets are, but I would say that we are not expecting that type of level to continue at that level. We think that there would be some bounce back in that based on the things that we have mentioned to you. Of course given the various markets I can't dictate, what the level of activity, but as you saw in the fourth quarter activity remained pretty good through a very volatile period.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. And then the...also a question on Protection. That normalized earnings result as you all defined it was very strong and looks like auto and home produced a particularly favorable result with roughly an 85% combined ratio. Can you just comment on, I presume that was the result of some reserve releases or can you just comment on what's going on auto and home?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the auto and home at the end that we evaluate our E&O, we did have a release based upon the performance characteristics on that and that's the same thing that happened last year from that standpoint. So it is basically part of the process we felt and that was and also there was basically, general loss ratio reduction from that standpoint. So it's performed those are two drivers.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: I just want to remind you that E&O of our advisors, so it's an inner company E&O book that impacts the protection segment.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Overall just on the P&C this is Jim, just a comment is our overall business performed quite well and continues to be, so we feel good about the business and our position in it. So we don't necessarily see anything changing from the progress we have been able to make over the last year or two.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay and Walter, what would be the level of the reserve fully extend for the quarter?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the based on E&O, it's $6 million.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: $6 million, okay. And last question just on your Alt-A exposure, I believe there have been a number of down grades recently just generically on all day the last few weeks the...have any of your bonds been down granted? That's my last question, thanks.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Laura?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: This is...we have had a few loans that were downgraded from AAA to AA because of the Fitch downgrade one of the financial guarantors. But as we said earlier, we rely on the underling cash flows and not on the guarantee. And those were in the asset-backed area, not the residential mortgage area.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities: Okay, thank you.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from El Naufal from Nata [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, I just had a follow-up question on the one of the disclosed items. The hedge fund investment I am sorry to ask another question on this. These are Threadneedle run hedge funds or these are your...assets of yours.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: These are basically our hedge funds, not Threadneedle.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: Owned assets.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Owned assets.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, okay. Thanks very much, appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Darius Braun, from Citadel [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, quick question as just as it relates to the disclosed items; I would just like to confirm that in the text of the release when you are referring to earnings being impacted by $0.06 due to extraordinary levels of market movement, is that also highlighted in the disclosed items at the back of the supplement.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: Darius,This is Laura. We actually give you the other income line in the supplement. We have disclosed it forever, so you can see those trends overtime.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so this is not one of the disclosed.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: It does not include those.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so that would explain the discrepancy between the 63 and the 47 people are getting to.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: Yes. Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: And then the next question as it relates to separation cost incorporate and other, there was an $11 million in severance cost, is that included in the disclosed items.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: Yes, it's in the...what we called the legal and contingency reserves, the G&A line.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and that would be in the corporate.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: In the corporate segment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. If there are no more questions, I just want to...Walter and I would like to thank you for taking the time today. And if there are any other questions, Laura and team can follow-up with you.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: I will be in my office for a while, yes, this evening; and the number is 612-671-2080. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-25 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - VP, IR James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and CEO Walter S. Berman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Colin Devine - Citigroup John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets Andrew Kligerman - UBS Andrew Brill - Goldman Sachs Sam Hoffman - ADAR Jeff Schuman - KBW Vinit Sethi - Greenlight Capital
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Laura Gagnon. Ms. Gagnon, please go ahead.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial third quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO, and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we would be happy to take your questions. During the call you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures like adjusted earnings which we believe will provide inside into underlying performance of the Companyís operation. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in todayís materials available on our website. Some of the statements that we make on this call maybe forward-looking statements, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in todayís earnings release, our 2006 Annual Report to shareholders, and our 2006 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for joining us this afternoon. I would like to start off by saying that the Company performed well in the third quarter, despite the turbulence in the credit and equity markets. And you will aware it was a challenging summer for the financial services industry. But our operating results continue to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our business. I feel very good about the position we are in and the momentum we are generating. In short, we have the right strategy and we are executing in it well. For the quarter revenues grew 11% to $2.2 billion, adjusted earnings per diluted share was up 5%, and adjust ROE for the trailing 12 months increased to 12.4%. We continue to focus on the mass affluent and affluent market and this group of clients has grown significantly, up 11% over the last year. This clearly demonstrates that our client acquisition strategy is working, which is centered on our commitment to serving clients through financial planning relations. Our planning clients bring us more assets and they stay with us longer. With the market leader in financial planning and we intend to build on this position. In regards to advice the productivity, despite the market volatility, and the historically slower summer months, our growth trend continued with GDC 14% over a year ago. Our productivity gains are the result of our advisors focus on acquiring more affluent and mass affluent clients and deepening existing relationships. It also reflects improved advisor support and technology tools in our innovative and board product offering. Our advisors continue to be very satisfied with the Company, the progress we are making and the support we are giving them. In fact, our franchise advisory retention rate remains very strong at 93%, and as you know, this is the most seasoned and productive part of our advisor force. We have been reengineering the employee advisor force for several quarters, and itís the primary driver of our lower total advisor count. By being more selective in our hiring, we are driving greater profitability and focusing on advisors who are more likely to succeed. As a result, we expect the overall advisor number will continue to decline slightly in the near-term. We also continue to rollout enhance technology for our advisors to drive further productivity improvements. Our new system will consolidate and link the information advisors need. And we will soon introduced new financial planning tools that will make the process far less time consuming. The new technology makes advisors more efficient and gives them more time to grow relationships, resulting in further productivity gains. Along with the success of our advisor business, our overall product flows continued to be strong. Let me start with the very significant turnaround in RiverSource fund close. For the second consecutive quarter, new flows were positive. We have net inflows of $400 million compared to net outflows of $600 million last year. In fact, for the first time in many years, our net flows are positive for the year-to-date period. We have reached this milestone sooner than we had expected, because the strong investment performance on new innovative goal based solutions and improved wholesaling. With regard to investment performance, our longer term track records continue to improve with three year equity and fixed income performance both showing good trends. We also continue to build out our product offerings. In fact, just last week, we introduced three new mutual funds that give investors access to alternative investment strategies, including 13030 and 12020 strategy funds. Threadneedleís investment performance has also come back quite strongly. They continue to experience asset outflows, but much of that has driven by outflows, a lower margin Zurich institutional assets, partially offset by inflows and higher margin retail in alternative products. We are investing in Threadneedle, including its announced acquisition of Convivo Capital Management during the quarter, and we feel good about the prospects for this business. We are also extremely pleased with the performance of our Wrap business, which had $2.6 billion of net inflows in the quarter. We now have $93 billion in total Wrap assets, which is up 33% from a year ago. One of the real new successes we have had within Wrap is Active Portfolios, the discretionary mutual fund program we launched in February, which already has generated over $2.2 billion in sales. We are also seeing good flows in variable annuities. Despite challenging market conditions in the quarter, we realized net inflows of $1.3 billion in annuity variable accounts in the quarter. At the same time, like many other annuity providers, we continue to manage outflows and fixed annuities. We expect these outflows to continue over the near-term. Our insurance businesses also continue to perform quite well, despite a slow growth environment. Life insurance inflows grew by 8% compared to last year, while our Auto and Home business generated an 8% increase in premiums. Overall, cash sales, return and margins are solid. We continue to focus on growing these businesses because it will always represents a need without clients. So, I think you can see that our revenue streams and assets flows are strong. We are also very focused on tightly managing our expenses and expanding our margins. Though, efforts are paying all for the quarter, our controllable expenses were essentially flat compared with last year. We intend to continue to capitalize on our improving reengineering trends to help fund our investment agenda and drive greater profitability. Now, I would like to briefly give you some insight into our balance sheet. As we told you from time of our spend, we maintain a strong and conservative balance sheet. In fact, we were able avoid the credit issues many of the companies faced during the quarter. As we shed in detail on last quarterís call, we have very little exposure to the subprime market and to broader residential real estate market. And as a result, we have not had the write-down the value of assets. The market did impact both our revenue and expenses through impacts from our hedging program. Walter will cover this, but I want to emphasize that our overall hedging program performed well throughout this very volatile quarter. Along the way, we identified opportunities to further enhance our hedging program. But overall, it increased with our balance sheet performance and with our risk management program. So, in total, the business performed quite well in the quarter and for the year-to-date. I feel good about the foundation we put in place. We are in a tariff position to grow and to navigate changing market conditions. Our balance sheet strength, access capital position, and expense management focus, along with our fee base financial planning driven model gives us the ability to succeed across market cycles. We have strong operating momentum on our side and I feel good about our business. Now, Walter will take you through some of the more of the detailed from the quarter and after that we will take your questions.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim. As you heard from Jim, our business continues to perform well, even with the ongoing market volatility we have been experiencing. We believe this is because of our consistent approach to and the diversity of our business. Now, here some additional color to what you have heard from Jim, I am going to spend time on three key areas. Our overall financial performance, a review of items we disclosed during the quarter and their associated impacts, and the continued strength of our balance sheet. The items we disclosed in the third quarter as well as in the third quarter of last year are detail in the C-pages of the supplement. Overall, these items did contribute to an increase in both revenues and expenses and I will detail them for you in a moment. So, beginning with our overall performance. Revenues grew 11%, however, when you exclude disclosed items, revenues grew 7%. More importantly, we really drove revenue growth with where the strong business increases we saw in our fee based businesses and solid flows into core products such as Wrap, proprietary funds, and variable annuities. These increases more than offset the impact of fixed annuity outflows. As Jim indicated, in the quarter, our expenses were well managed. Controllable expenses were basically flat to last year. This strong expense management reflects our folks on reengineering, and continuing investment in the business. Consolidated expenses before separation course increase 15%. Excluding disclosed items, expenses grew 6%. This includes a 22% increase in field compensation. This is higher than our GDC growth rate of 14% due primarily to a lower percentage of these course being deferred as we continue to shift away from insurance and annuity product sales. Adjusted earnings grew 3% to $237 million. However, embedded in these results are disclosableÖ disclosed items that increased adjusted earnings by $5 million this year compared to a $38 million benefit last year. I believe our adjusted earnings of $0.99 per share reflect the underlying economic reality of the business, but I also want to discuss the material items in more detail. The four main items were; the negative impact of our third quarter DAC unlocking, the impact of the quarterís volatility on our variable annuity benefits, the decrease in loan loss reserves from our commercial mortgages, and a lower effective tax rate. First, as I mentioned, our DAC unlocking analysis resulted in a $30 million negative impact in the quarter compared to a $25 million pretax benefit in the same quarter of 2006. Thatís a swing of $55 million in pretax earnings. As you know, there are many assumptions that get reviewed and reassessed during our annual third quarter detail DAC review In the quarter, most of the impact is the result of changes in our persistency assumptions. We are seeing higher exit rates on older books of fixed and variable annuities, as clients are lacking to reposition assets from these older annuities after they surrender charge periods. A strong portion of these assets are rolling into variable annuities with living benefit guarantees as well as other Ameriprise products, not leaving the Company. Within our variable universal life business, the difference between actual surrender rates and those we had been assuming are small. A small change in persistency assumptions that are now negatively impacting earnings were a positive impact last year. Our current DAC valuation assumptions are fully informed by the experienced trends we have observed in these businesses and our best estimates of where those trends will lead. We do not believe any of the assumptions changes or resulting increases in DAC amortization, reflects any fundamental problems or deterioration in our business. Letís move to the second disposed item. Effective tax rate on adjusted earnings in the quarter was 14.4%. The lower rate is based upon our conclusion that Threadneedleís continued growth and good performance will enable it to pay ongoing dividends As a result, we changed certain Threadneedle entities from non-remitter to remitter status. This change generated a $21 million benefit in the quarter as a result of the cumulative effect. Going forward, there will continue to be dividends, which will result in an ongoing benefit. However, these benefits will be at a lower level than we achieved this quarter. Our effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 25.2% last year and will be approximately 23% this year. Our tax department is continually looking for ways improve our tax efficiency. Taxes are a major expense for us. For 2008, we expect our fatÖ effective tax rate will be in the 26% to 27% range. The third disclosed item is the impact of market volatility. As you are aware, long-term volatility increased substantially in the quarter. And net impact after hedging, DAC and tax was a negative $21 million due to the mark-to-market of our variable annuity guarantees, GMWB and GMAB. Approximately $14 million of that impact was related to GMWB, which accounted for 86% of our exposures with account values of $12 billion. As you are aware, we have a hedge strategy using long gated static hedges. This 12 basis point impact is well within our tolerance levels and we believe compares favorably in the industry. In addition, during the quarter, we modified our hedges to improve this effectiveness and reduce course using plain vanilla derivatives. The remainder of the impact, approximately $7 million was driven by GMAB. About 14% of our exposure, but one-third of the impact. Unfortunately, we only had delta hedges in place when the volatility spiked and we are in the process of rolling out a new three Greek approach. We currently have 50% of our GMB exposure hedged under the new program and will implement the balance over the remaining months. For all of our VA hedging, we will continue to enhance our models and approach and are pleased with the progress we have made today. The last disclosed item to discuss is a $23 million benefit from lowering loan loss provisions on our commercial mortgage portfolio. While we review our loss provisions quarterly, we conducted a more detailed annual assessment that we completed in the third quarter. In addition to loan payment history, we analyzed the financial and operating statements for each individual property, including rent rolls, cash positions, and cash flows. We also do a fiscal inspection to assess the collateral value on all significant properties. Based on this review, we determine our allowance for loan losses was more than adequate. Therefore, we reduced it to the appropriate level. This positive was offset by losses in trading, securities including seed money, resulting it other net investment income in our supplement reporting a $1 million loss. Now, let me turn to our capital position and shareholder repurchase program. In the third quarter, we redeployed $171 million of share repurchases buying over 2.9 million shares. Year-to-date, we purchased over 11.1 million shares for $665 million. Our remaining authorization at September 30th was $701 million. Our pace of share repurchase continues to remain prudent and we continue to maintain excess capital of over $1 billion. Our balance sheet remains strong and our asset quality is high. That positioning served us well during the quarter. Consistent with what I shared last quarter, our exposure to subprime continues to be limited to under $260 million of residential mortgage backed securities. These securities are high quality, predominantly AAA rated bonds, backed by seasoned traditional first lien subprime collateral. They include both floating rate and short duration fixed securities, and as of last week, we are trading at 98% to book. Similarly, with respect to all day, we are also comfortable with our exposure. We own $1.1 billion, with the vast majority rated AAA. Nonetheless, structures are levered, the majority of our AAA bonds are super senior, meaning they have more collateral support of credit enhancement and required to get AAA rating. These securities are seasoned as well. As of last week this portfolio was also trading at 97.5% of book. In addition, our high yield bond portfolio of $1.7 billion or 4.8% of total investment is at the top end of the credit spectrum. As a result of solid credit positioning, we are taking no impairments in the quarter other than $300,000 that we acquired to consolidate under FIN 46. We have no rating down rates of subprime of all day related securities. In fact, we have had very little market value impact with our overall unrealized loss under FAS 115 declining in the quarter. We are very pleased with how our portfolio has performed and the benefits of the comparatively concretive risk profile. In addition, we continue to retain a very strong liquidity position, with cash and short-term investments of $4 billion. We implemented plan dividends from subsidiaries as part of a broader philosophy to retain only required capital to subsidiary level. In addition to normal divided flows, we took a $550 million dividend them from RiverSource life, and in the fourth quarter, we already taken a $172 million from our Auto and Home subsidiary, reflecting both access capital and the proceeds from the sale of AMEX Assurance to American Express. So, in conclusion, I continue to feel good about the platform we built and the strong position we are in, reflected by our performance during the quarter. Now, Jim and I will take any questions you have.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We are open for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. One quick one and then one little bit more strategic. First, Walter, did you say that if you kind of net out all of the one-timerÖ the disclosed items, if you call them. It wouldÖ they kind of added $5 million after tax to the quarterís results, is that what you said earlier, first point? And then second, Jim, can you just give us an update on the third party sales of mutual funds, I think you mentioned a couple of quarters ago that we had a wholesales in place, you are giving them some time to gain traction, we are closing in now and the end of the year, I just wanted to get a sense of if that has kicked in yet, or are you still expecting that to be more of an í08 issue? Thanks.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, itís in schedule C. For 2007, it adds $5 million and for 2006, it added $38 million. And itís in the schedule C.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And regard to the second question we are starting to see some fundÖ enclosed in our funds for third party distribution of our mutual funds. Again, I think itís small and growing. But we are getting some positive signs that our products are now hitting the shells and we have some wholesalers on the ground and that will further develop as teams getÖ all set within their distribution networks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg with Lehman. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much. My one question has to do with the special item you reportedÖ the disclose item you reported with respect to your variable annuity business. If IÖ Walter, if I heard you correctly, you were saying that there were changes in assumptions with respect to persistency in variable annuity. And yet when I look on page C-1 where you detailed your third quarter 2007 disclosed items, I think itís showing that the largest portion of this change in the DAC amortization schedule took place in the protection segment. Variable annuity results are recorded in your AA&I segment. So, I am trying to reconcile your comments that there were most of theÖ a good chunk of the DAC unlocking related to variable annuities when it appears to be have been in the protection segment? Thank you.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Eric, what I wasÖ my statements about persistency cross the product line, while we did have a persistency in the variable annuities in an older block that was offset and we did have a small persistency change in variable universal life.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Hi. Just wanted to focus on your comments about the variable annuity hedge. Your loss may little bit there, if you can just maybe go back through thatÖ part of it I understood was youÖ I guess added to the size of the hedge when market variability spiked, you are using a delta hedging, you expended it to a more robust program and that resulted in an incremental cost. Can you crack that again?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, sure. Let me break itÖ on the GMWB, we had our hedges in place and it was the fullÖ long gated static hedges. And those perform within our tolerances. As I indicated on the GMAB, we wereÖ we had dealt hedges on those. We were in the process of putting three Greek on those when the volatility spike hit. And that resulted in the $7 million hit on and thatís 14% of the total portfolio. Itís $2 billion out of $14 billion account A and now we've implemented the program where we have 50% of the program already hedged. So, thatís what happened.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Is that clear?
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: That is, yes Thank you. And then also I guess just back on the DAC question for a minute. The comment about higher exit rates or higher surrenders I guess. If I look at the disclosure in your life insurance business, it looks like your laps rates are actually getting better, at least, based on the lapse rate, statistic of 5.7% for the quarter versus 6.1% a year ago. Is there some specific block within it or something like that, or can you just I guess square that.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Basically the assumption was acrossÖ it was across the block. It was a small movement across the block. It wasnít anyÖ specifically it was just a small movement across the block.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: This is Laura. Iíd like to point out that the DAC unlocking exercise is looking at our old assumptions versus our new assumptions based and informed that all the trends that weíve seen, but it doesnít necessarily reflect the actual change in trends that you all have seen from last quarter to this quarter.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Very long-term assumption thatís builtÖ
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, becauseÖ basically we want to make sure you have the trend line and thatís why it goes over, that limits.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. So, I shouldnít just be looking at the current period lapse rate necessarily.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely no.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: And then--?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Itís affective, but it goes overÖ you have to get the trend line.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. And just one other quick one on the tax rate. The benefit you're describing is the $21 million benefit. If I just apply, I guess at a normalized tax rate of 26% to the pretax revenue I get closer to a $30 million benefit versus the 14.4% tax rate. Am I not using the right kind of normalized tax rate or can you help me think about that?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, you should get to $21 million because, it is a $21 million benefit offer and I can't really pickup on your math on that, but I can not more come back and take you through that. Because the calculation is on $14.4 million and itís generating a $21 million benefit to give us theÖ now, you are using which rate?
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Iím using 26% as a normalized tax rate. And Iím applying that to pretax income of 277.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If you wouldnít mind Iíll have Laura, will get back to you and take you through the calculations because there are more moving parts in that.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Devine from Citi. Please go ahead.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Good evening. Walter, I was wondering if you can just walk us through the changes to your variable annuity DAC assumptions again The $55 million swing as you pointed out year-over-year, I guess, just kind of caught me by surprise, given what we've seen the relative strength in the markets I would have thought that over the past year market performance had been in line with your pricing assumptions. The lapse rates on older fixed annuity and variable annuity blocks within the industry is nothing new. So, what really changed from your end? And then also tied to that was the new hedge program or expanded hedge program, I suppose if you like that way of putting it. How is that going to impact profitability and will that also make you have to go back and relocate your DAC assumptions?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If you are talking about in the, on the UL, Colin?
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Well, you referred to the variable annuity block of $55 million swing, unless I misunderstood you year-over-year.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What we were referring to that was the total swing.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was if you look in 2006, it was $25 million positive and if you look in 2007 thatís a $30 million thatís the swing.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: But on variable annuities.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Over that. itís on DAC relating to ourÖ all of our product line.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: A large part of that swing has to do with the VUL products and the insurance as well. So, itís not just on the variable annuities.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: So you're having accelerated lapses on your VUL block are you saying? I mean it just has been confusing here is youíre talking about stuff being replaced and staying in the system. Is it UL policies that are being replaced and staying with Ameriprise? Is it VAís that are being replaced?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What has happened, so let me take it piece by piece and weíll go through. What is happening, if you look at the VUL thereís been a small change in persistency. From the last, when we last did this in 2006, the trend line has been a minor change in persistency, which resulted in basically the impact to the universal lock increase, in DAC unlocking, okay? That has been a change that we evaluate based upon the way we look at the trend lines that have come in and yes there has been small change in persisting PAM on the joint variable universal life, of life block. In the variable annuity block, there was an older block that had an impact and there was also our I think in the line with the industry, fixed annuities is also having a persistency. So, from that standpoint the net of the fixed and the variable actually went to the older block like I said in the variable annuities it was offset by improvements in basic fees and so the net affect of the variable annuity was a positive and it is a negative in the fixed annuities which basically offset. So the variable universal life, a small change generated the $30 million.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay. So just to be clear, we had a positive unlocking actually on the variable annuities block.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: That added to earnings, the biggest DAC and negative earnings impact came on the VUL-piece, for the UL base.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: And you also wrote-down some DAC on your fixed annuity piece.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: And Colin, we do give you the DAC by segment in the C pages.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Right. I just wanted to be clear as to variable annuities piece because my impressions was thatís where hit had cameÖ itÖif that seemed to be in contrast to industry expense. So, thank you for clarifying that.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Do you have another question?
Colin Devine - Citigroup: And then what you didnít get to yet was the impact of this new and expanded hedge program, what is that going to do toÖ will it have any impact on variable annuity profitability and will that also make you rethink you DAC as well into the year block?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, the answer to the question is no. Actually the hedges for variable GMWB and GMW life product are actually performing different tolerance, and giving us the appropriate risk return targets that we have assessed. So, the answer is no. we are just enhancing it.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: So, the extra cost of this enhancing in loan impact earnings.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it will not if anything it put us within the tolerance that we thought it would be. And like I indicated it was the GMAB which was basically from our standpoint we were in the midst of putting the full hedge program in and thatís when the volatility hit. Thatís where we took one-third of the impact.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It should basically allow us, especially as we go to the plain vanilla, reduce our cost and transaction cost associated with that as we move away from more customized hedging.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hall from Wachovia. Please go ahead.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi, I have a quick numbers question and a broader one. Were there any legal or regulatory cost of note that popped up in the quarter?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not of any appreciable nature, no.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, great. And Walter, you talked about the excess capital, the rate of repurchase being prudent. You got $1 billion of excess capital, you got all this cash that you pulled up to the holding capitalÖ of the holding company now, real low leverage. I just wonder why the pace of repurchases, what it is?
Walter S. Berman ñ Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, I thin weíre actually onÖ is prudent, but if you know me, Iím prudent. And from that standpoint, we are on track and weíve been actually targeting as I mentioned in my talk points, we did $171 million, $665 through year-to-date and I think weíre on track and we have $700 million left through another year. So, I think we have actually redeploying the capital in an effective way and I think we are evaluating the landscape certainly as we see the volatility take place, we take a pause, we look and we feel quite confident with the positioning of the way we strengthen our balance sheet and liquidity position. But again, we are just cognizant of our environments.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we also want to maintain a strong capital position both as well the simple environments and also if certain opportunities may arise.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: You want to clarify what the certain opportunities are.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There might be an opportunity for particular firms that might be a good fit with Ameriprise strategically. So, we want to have some options available, so that we will be able to execute if an opportunity came along.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Hi, good evening. First just a clarification on that loan provision adjustment, Walter, I just canít I missed the number you were saying on the call. Was that the $23 million thatís provided on the other page?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Andrew.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay, great. And then with prospect to some flows, maybe you could give a little color around the Threadneedle $3.1 million net outflows and I think you said $0.1 million on mutual fund net outflows at Threadneedle as well. I think I heard Zurich is a large piece of it, but maybe you could give a little color around those two pieces.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes this is Jim. What I would say is the Threadneedle continues to experience what we have seen in the last few quarters. A large part of those outflows are in the Zurich assets which were low fee assets and they continued in the books as they have some closed books there. And we have suffered some of the outflows in some of the institutional business where we had recently underperformed particularly in the U.K market. Now, performance is coming back, and we are really optimistic that, that will start to turnaround there. But they are receiving good inflows in some of their alternative product and some of their higher margin retail products. So, from a revenue prospective, it is still net positive even after the outflows on a net basis if we look at it from a fee basis, but we also feel that their performance is really strengthened this year and their track records are still quite strong. And we thing that will start turning around over time. Zurich assets will continue to be outflows, but as I have said previously, they are lower fee assets and thatís consistent with Zurichís decision on their various books.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Got it. AND then just shifting over to the Wrap net flows a very solid $2 billion up from $1.2 billion last year. I mean how big can that get do you think in the next two to three years?
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, this is a continuing shift as appearing both in the industry advisors and with our clients. Weíre actually quite excited that not only is the core program growing, but as we introduce the new discretionary wrap program, thatís seen some nearly good, strong asset flows, then a lot of management of those assets are also from our Cambridge groups. So, weíre quite excited that we are putting in new solution sets in this fee base business that will continue the increase in the flows, and over the last year my total assets in wrap have increased by 33%. So, we feel good about the continuation of the growth of that business.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: And then the last item, variable annuities. The sales were about $2.5 billion versus $2.4 million. So, you had a lot of steam in that area for a while. Could you talk about why itís kind of flattening and where you think youíre going in terms of variable annuity sales?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean first the net inflows are still quite strong compared to what you might see in the industry on a net basis. When we first introduced some of the new products particularly in our channel, youíre always going to get some initial extra wind. Some of the activity recently has moved to even some of these products we put in the marketplace like our Active Portfolios. So, we are still seeing good flows, but I think it has sort of come off a little bit of both in the inside and outside channel. AndÖ but we still consider that we will get good flows in, but I think itís come of its high mark.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Brill from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Andrew Brill ñ Goldman Sachs: Thank. Can you guys just give a sense of how much you plan to repatriate from Threadneedle in the quarters ahead? And I guess just actually what do you expected usage of proceeds are going to be?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, what we doÖ I assume the question was how much do we repatriate?
Andrew Brill ñ Goldman Sachs: Well, I think you mentioned your plan of repatriating from Threadneedle in the quarters ahead. And my question was just how much do you plan to repatriate?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: His question is how much are we planning to repatriate going forward fromÖ
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. The way we do that is we basically takeÖ like we do in all the businesses, understand the required amount of capital that is needed and then our strategy is based upon looking at that required amount, looking at that total capital generation, the capital we have and they are planning on any acquisition or non-organic growth aspect. We then establish a target range to repatriate DAC back to the parent. But we do that pretty much with all the subs now using our economic capital, the required capital and ADHS [ph] capital model. So, that will be a continue flow coming back.
Andrew Brill ñ Goldman Sachs: And justÖ and so, whatís the reasonable number do you think about in terms of Threadneedle?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We basically repatriated in this quarter about £30 million.
Andrew Brill ñ Goldman Sachs: I guess, just a second question, some of the follow-upÖ this is some of the follow-ups of the prior questions. Just in terms of things from the new hedges in place on the living benefits plan. Given the recent life volatility, are you seeing any material change in the costs on putting on some of those new hedges?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Actually, we have seenÖ we are introducing the newÖ really that we are using less customized hedges. We substantially reduced our cost even with increase volatile.
Andrew Brill ñ Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Hoffman from ADAR. Please go ahead.
Sam Hoffman - ADAR: Hi. Can you comment on general business conditions for your business in terms of how much might deferred to you in the quarter, if at all and how much did it helped you going forward?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: How muchÖ what will hurt us or help us.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The general business conditions.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Meaning in the consumer market? As you would imagine the greater market volatility would always affect a clientís interest to invest. Having said that, we didnít see much of that during the quarter. We have more of the seasonality of that. That volatility came in and was short durations so to speak. I think if the markets continue depress for a longer period of time and that will have an affect on the retail consumer and investor. Having said that, one of the things we do like about our model and that we are actually deploying even more fully is our advisors that actually chose a financial planning and have a more consistent method for client investment and management in a diversified passion. So, I think if the market slow and go down actually, it will always have an affect. Having said that, we didnít see much of that affect yet and an impact to our clients.
Sam Hoffman - ADAR: Okay. Because you mentioned seasonality and if you look at year-over-year distribution fees grew very significantly. I think itís about 20% that sequentially they are down significantly. And my other question is on the page nine of the supplement, the benefit trends and losses in settlement expenses were $150 million in the asset accumulation segment. And that number isÖ itís must higher than itís been historically. And I was wondering how we should project that going forward whether they are offsetting item elsewhere in the income statement and kind of what we should think about that number?
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hey, Sam. This is Laura. I think if you go back, further that in a supplement to the C page, the C-1 page, it gives you the detail of where VA writerÖ the volatility impact of VA writers. So the big negative there was a benefit line, you see it also impacted the DAC and the net investment income, and all of those lien items are detailed on that page.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And it should be broken number that I talked about.
Sam Hoffman - ADAR: Okay. And just following up on the other questions, would you say that what was described as a one-time item in the quarter, is that an item that we should expect to continue going forward? This variable annuity writer heads impact if volatility remains the size itís been.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, listen I forecastingÖ it was a change I think that was the factor from that standpoint. Clearly, let me say I think we have actually gone long way by putting ourÖ the hedging on to GMAB, so that certainly should insulate us. And we do believe that we have actually made some tweaks to our model, both from as I indicated on core standpoint, but also effects came a little bit. I think we will be performing at levels within our tolerances. Again, markets as you are seeing can jump and I think we feel we are well positioned and we are certainly well positioned as appears against our peers.
Sam Hoffman - ADAR: Okay. And then, one more question. Corporate expenses, the other expense was again a bid high this quarter relative to history. And so, maybe you could comment on that the bid $44 million in the quarter?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think itís inline and I think it is affecting just the interest core and just basicÖ we didnít see anything usually in the quarter.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, in total, other is relatively flat. In the corporate.
Sam Hoffman - ADAR: I am looking at the other, yes, in corporate. The last two quarters itís been significantly higher than previous history?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, actually if you go back, if itís 36 versus 44 and again itís pretty much ranged. So, we didnít seeÖ we have to dip in certainly in the second quarter which we spoke about. But if you back through it, 31, 36 range and 44. So, well, I will take a look but I donít think there is any unusual factors in it.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: I recalled that on the last quarter of the conference call we indicated, we thought it would be about an average between first quarter which is low and the second quarter which was high I think that about what we came out.
Sam Hoffman - ADAR: Okay. Thank you.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well. But, again Laura will take a look
Operator: Okay, our next question comes from Jeff Schuman from KBW. Please go ahead.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Good evening. Couple of items, first of all we're coming up on the fourth quarter and I am wondering how hedge fund performance looks and whether we should think about significant year-over-year change, incentive fees there, and then Iíll follow up with a couple of other things?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On hedge funds right now as you know we went to the end the year and thatís the reason we wait for the end of the year is because of one actually see the realization of it. They are tracking in reasonable range thatís all I can say at this stage. We just donít forecast on that number.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Okay and in terms of holding company liquidity you talk about the 550 dividend and 172 what is sort of the grand total holding company liquidity position at this point?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I do not haveÖat the current level I believe we are sitting I have a more check this we were over a billion dollars.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Over a billion Okay. And post the subsidiary dividends, dividend what kind of RBC are you targeting in the insurance subs at this point.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right now, itís five, itís still over five I think, its
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Its over five right now even with the dividend.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: And sir what can you, whatís you tolerate to get from the downside how much?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It, the tolerance obviously I think in various stages depends, I guess because you have RBC you have different factors but, certainly in exception to moody week a 350 range is what theyíve said but again it has a multitude of factors that come in and on a B-car factors its in the 150-160 range so again we review through a multiple of factors. But we, certainly at this level that we are certainly above that.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: And in terms of how the RBC is moving this shillings, last year you essentially released a lot of required capital of the fixed annuities ran off, fixed annuities have continued to run off this year so that, that also a pretty big factor and how much you able to dividend.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thatís certainly a factor.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:
Youíre welcome:
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg from Lehman. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much, if I could just hit one more time the issue of profitability on variable annuities. I still donít I just donít understand how it could happen on GMAB that you're adding these other hedges I guess would be Vega and Rowe for volatility in interest rates respectively and its not, its, somehow its not affecting profitability I heard your point about moving within tolerances maybe you could elaborate on what that means and but, but how do you set up a hedging program and nothing happens to profitability I just donít understand why how that could be free.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think theÖ Walter just mentioned was that, because we moving to more plain vanilla hedges on some of GMW B that we have cost saving even though we're adding some additional hedges on the GWAB
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: So, you I certainly follow what Jim said were you going to add something Walter
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Just want to make sure youíre clear.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Very clear.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sorry I thought it wasnít clear.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: All clear now. Thank you.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:
Youíre welcome:
Operator: Our next question comes from Broad Artamevano from Green light Capital. Please go ahead.
Vinit Sethi - Greenlight Capital: Hi, guys actually its Vinit Sethi. Three question one is can you comment in aggregate on your current excess capital position. Second can you explain again why the field comp was up 22% as compared to 14% growth in the DDC in the quarter and third can you address one more time whether based upon what you know today about market volatility, whether the catch-up in the quarter represents an expense that would recur or not recur in the current quarter there is some kind of its nothing else changes for today with respect to market volatility.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All right, got it no its okay. Can you just repeat the first one?
Vinit Sethi - Greenlight Capital: Your estimates on the at least in terms of range on the current excess capital.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Excess capital positions are basically remain in access of billion dollars with paying us and certainly buying back the shares and with the capital needed to support the business it remains over a billion dollars. On the field comp you have this really the fact that it is twenty-two versus the fourteen is the fact that since there is a lower insurance and annuity as proportion there is less deferred in that basically creates that situation because less is being deferred to DAC. Okay. Thatís clear.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: More is being kind of paid out currently
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thatís correct right
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: More is being reflected in period choice. Let me put it that way. More have been expressed
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes but now you have also do get offset because west in the revenue side is also being taken up taxes its not just one side [inaudible] thatís just specific answer to you question is more is coming through under period.
Vinit Sethi - Greenlight Capital: Right How much you would be DAC offset just to get it to like the apples to apples.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We just donít break that out. The market volatileÖ we actually believe we are well positioned now and if markets stay where we are right now as I indicated by switching over to the hedge program we have actually neutralized a lot of the impact from a core standpoint of the volatility by lowering our transaction force so we actually feel we are in a good position
Vinit Sethi - Greenlight Capital: So just one more coming back in terms of the income statement related to the growth in the field comp, are you showing margin leverage or operating leverage on the underlying business?
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Actually, we feel on our pretext margin when we haveÖ what disclosed we actually feel that we areÖ versus last year we have improved the PTI margin, and we are certainly evaluating and track that because you are getting a shift.
Vinit Sethi - Greenlight Capital: Right, but is there at all a lag in impact between incurring the field comp expense and then getting the benefit of the business that was generated that kind of created the compensation.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As you sayingÖ the answer is since we are not differing eventually, you donít amortize that we are going eventually yes to some degree yes.
Vinit Sethi - Greenlight Capital: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Hoffman with ADAR. Please go ahead.
Sam Hoffman - ADAR: Yes I just had the same question of field comp. so you just answered it.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Yes hi, just one question on the contribution margin in AA&I I know the report number was 47 9. Can you talk about what kind of that normalized number because I know there was some one-timers in there.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The non-life is pretty much tracked here, you are talking about contribution margin, right.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Exactly.
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pretty much tracked at 53%.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, so itís running at 53%
Walter S. Berman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So to give youÖ the second quarter of ë07 53 8 compared to third quarter í06 52.8 and for the third quarter 53. So itís tracking in that range and then of course you get the mix shift.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Right. And the question I had is as we see the employee advisors base decline I presume thatís a positive from a expense leverage stand point where do you think we might see that contribution margin go to assuming you are anticipating a continual decline what I would view to be an extents drag.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we are re engineering it and what we are doing is improving the recruitment aspects that I actually from that stand point over time if it was successful increase so but it would have a lot more effect on higher retention and on an improved P1 situation so we really havenít forecasted it that way but certainly we are getting the expense benefit as we re engineer that and we are very much focused on the over all pre text margin and want to control our expense tightly even though we want to focus on growing the e base revenue business so thatís what we are taking into account we are going to experience some mixtures we are going to experience some changes and because of product flow with what is that and whatís not that. But overall we are looking for overall PCI margin improvement that is how we are managing the business.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have no further questions.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Well, I will be in my office all evening. Thank you, once again for calling. My number is 612-671-2080 and I also hope to see you at our financial community meeting coming up in November.
James M. Cracchiolo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thank you everyone for the participation on the call and as Laura said hopefully if there is anything you need, please let us know. Thank you very much. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todayís conference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.
